Turing went to St.
Michael's, a school at 20 Charles Road, St Leonards-on-sea, when he was five years old.
During World War II, Turing worked with others to break German ciphers (secret messages).
He worked for the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park, Britain's codebreaking centre that produced Ultra intelligence.
There are some serious problems that people face trying to grow food today.
In arithmetic, addition is the operation where two or more numbers called addends to make a number that is larger in value, which is the sum or total that is expressed with the equals sign.
The symbol for addition, in infix notation, is the plus sign + placed between the terms.
The distance from Tom's house to Sally's house can be found by adding the distances already measured.
The distance from Tom's house to Bob's house, added to the distance from Bob's house to Sally's house, is the same as the distance from Tom's house to Sally's house.
That is, three hundred (300) meters plus 120 meters.
Because Australia is such a very large land, it was easy to think that it might be able to hold a large number of people.
In the early days of the colony, a great number of explorers went out, searching for good land to settle on.
Koalas, kangaroos, wombats, numbats and many others others, are marsupials.
Most of the marsupials in the world are found only on the continent or on the neighbouring island of New Guinea.
Wildfires from global warming in 2020 have reduced their population.
13.
Thou hast been in Eden the garden of God; every precious stone was thy covering, the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle and gold: the workmanship of thy tabrets and of thy pipes was prepared in thee in the day that thou wast created.
The apple has a small, leaf-shedding tree that grows up to tall.
The apple tree has a broad crown with thick twigs.
The leaves are alternately arranged simple ovals.
They are 5 to 12 centimetres long and 3–6 centimetres (1.2–2.4 in) wide.
It has a sharp top with a soft underside.
Blossoms come out in spring at the same time that the leaves begin to bud.
The flowers are white.
They also have a slightly pink color.
They are five petaled, and 2.5 to 3.5 centimetres (0.98 to 1.4 in) in diameter.
The fruit matures in autumn.
It is usually 5 to 9 centimetres (2.0 to 3.5 in) in diameter.
There are five carpels arranged in a star in the middle of the fruit.
Every carpel has one to three seeds.
In 1777 French chemist Antoine Lavoisier defined the term element as we now use it.
He said that an element was any substance that could not be broken down into other substances by the methods of chemistry.
Any substance which could be broken down was a compound.
In 1869, Russian scientist Dmitri Mendeleev published the first periodic table.
The periodic table groups elements by their atomic number (how many protons they have; this is usually the same as the number of electrons).
Elements in the same column, or group, usually have similar qualities.
For example, helium, neon, argon, krypton, and xenon are all in the same column and are very similar.
All these elements are gases that have no color or smell.
Also, they cannot combine with other atoms to form compounds.
Together they are known as noble gases.
In 1909, Ernest Rutherford used the Geiger–Marsden experiment to prove that most of an atom is in a very small space, the atomic nucleus.
Rutherford took a photo plate and covered it with gold foil.
He then shot alpha particles (made of two protons and two neutrons stuck together) at it.
Many of the particles went through the gold foil, which proved that atoms are mostly empty space.
Electrons are so small and fast-moving that they did not block the particles from going through.
Rutherford later discovered protons in the nucleus.
The number of neutrons in relation to protons defines whether the nucleus stays together or goes through radioactive decay.
When there are too many neutrons or protons, the atom tries to make the numbers smaller or more equal by removing the extra particles.
It sends out radiation in the form of alpha, beta, or gamma decay.
Nuclei can also change in other ways.
Nuclear fission is when the nucleus breaks into two smaller nuclei, releasing a lot of energy.
This release of energy makes nuclear fission useful for making bombs, and electricity in the form of nuclear power.
Chemical bonds are the strongest kinds of attraction between atoms.
The movement of electrons explains all chemical bonds.
Archaeologists digging a cave in Badakhshan discovered that people lived in the country as early as 100,000 years ago.
They found the skull of a Neanderthal, or early human, as well as tools from about 30,000 years ago.
In other parts of Afghanistan, archaeologists uncovered pottery and tools that are 4,000 to 11,000 years old—evidence that Afghans were among the first people in the world to grow crops and raise animals.
In the 10th century, the local Ghaznavids turned Ghazni into their capital and firmly established Islam throughout all areas of Afghanistan, except the Kafiristan region in the northeast.
Mahmud of Ghazni, a great Ghaznavid sultan, conquered the Multan and Punjab region, and carried raids into the heart of India.
Mohammed bin Abdul Jabbar Utbi, a historian from the 10th century, wrote that thousands of Afghans were in the Ghaznavid army.
The Ghaznavid dynasty was replaced by the Ghorids of Ghor in the late 12th century, who reconquered Ghaznavid territory in the name of Islam and ruled it until 1206.
The Ghorid army also included ethnic Afghans.
Angola is divided into eighteen provinces.
, Armenia includes 915 communities, of which 49 are considered urban and 866 are considered rural.
Newton's laws of motion are rules for how things move.
These rules are called laws of motion.
Isaac Newton is the scientist who first wrote down the main laws of motion.
According to Newton's Second Law of Motion, the force something needs to accelerate an object depends on the object's mass (the amount of stuff the object is made from or how heavy it is).
In 1989, there were protests in Tian'anmen Square because some people wanted democracy.
There are three regions in Belgium.
The regions are mainly based on language and culture.
Flanders and Wallonia are both split up into five provinces each.
The name 'Belgium' comes from Gallia Belgica.
This was a Roman province in the northernmost part of Gaul.
Before Roman invasion in 100 BC, the Belgae, a mix of Celtic and Germanic peoples, lived there.
The Germanic Frankish tribes during the 5th century brought the area under the rule of the Merovingian kings.
A slow shift of power during the 8th century led the kingdom of the Franks to change into the Carolingian Empire.
The Treaty of Verdun in 843 divided the region into Middle and West Francia.
They were vassals either of the King of France or of the Holy Roman Emperor.
In Belgium, the government is elected.
Between mid-2010 and late 2011, after no clear result in the election, Belgium had no official government, until Elio Di Rupo became Prime Minister.
Flanders and Wallonia both also have their own regional governments, and there is a notable independence movement in Flanders.
Alexander De Croo is currently the Prime Minister.
Belgium is famous for beer, chocolate, waffles and french fries.
French fries were first made in Belgium.
The national dishes are steak and fries with salad, and mussels with fries.
The country is the fifth-largest in the world by area.
It is known for its many rainforests and jungles.
It is next to every country in South America except Chile and Ecuador.
A simple but slow algorithm is: pick up two cards and check whether they are sorted correctly.
If they are not, reverse them.
Then do it again with another two, and repeat them all until they are all sorted.
This is called a bubble sort.
This method will work, but it will take a very long time.
In 1837, Charles Babbage proposed the first general mechanical computer, the Analytical Engine.
The Analytical Engine contained an Arithmetic Logic Unit, basic flow control, punched cards, and integrated memory.
It is the first general-purpose computer concept that could be used for many things and not only one particular computation.
However, this computer was never built while Charles Babbage was alive, because he didn't have enough money.
In 1910, Henry Babbage, Charles Babbage's youngest son, was able to complete a portion of this machine and perform basic calculations.
Integral calculus is the process of calculating the area underneath a graph of a function.
An example is calculating the distance a car travels: if one knows the speed of the car at different points in time and draw a graph of this speed, then the distance the car travels will be the area under the graph.
The idea of a conceptual metaphor came from a book by George Lakoff and Mark Johnson in 1980: Metaphors we live by.
Many comedy plays were written in the 1500s by the British writer William Shakespeare.
Shakespeare's comedy plays include: All’s Well That Ends Well, The Comedy of Errors, A Midsummer Nights Dream, and Twelfth Night.
In Shakespeare's day a comedy did not mean a play that would make people laugh or that had a lot of jokes.
Instead it was a play in which all the problems work out all right in the end.
This was unlike a tragedy, where the problems do not work out, usually resulting in someone's death.
They have long tails, because the Sun melts the ice.
A comet's tail does not trail behind it, but points directly away from the Sun, because it is blown by the solar wind.
The question of Who is a Christian?
can be very difficult.
Christians often disagree over this due to their differences in opinion on spiritual matters.
In countries where most persons were baptized in the state church or the majority Christian church, the term Christian is a default label for citizenship or for people like us.
The UK's constitution is not written in one single document like many other countries' are.
In fact, the UK's constitution is not completely written down at all.
Some of it can be found in writing, starting with the Magna Carta of 1215 and the Bill of Rights Act 1689 and including more modern Acts of Parliament.
Other parts of it are considered common law and are made up of the decisions of judges over many hundreds of years in a system called legal or judicial precedence.
Because of this, some people say that the United Kingdom has a de facto or unwritten constitution.
A cube is one of the simplest mathematical shapes in space.
Something that is shaped like a cube can be called cubic.
The basic difference between a cube and a square is, a cube is a 3D figure (having 3 dimensions) i.e.
length, breadth and height while a square has only 2 dimensions i.e.
length and breadth.
Denmark was first united in the 10th century, during the Viking period, by king Harald Bluetooth (), who first converted Denmark to Christianity.
The Vikings are well known for invading countries.
In the 11th century, the Danish Vikings controlled England (the Danelaw) for a while.
In 1397 Denmark, Sweden and Norway became a single country with one queen (this country was called the Kalmar Union) Sweden became a separate country again in 1523.
Denmark and Norway (called Denmark-Norway) stayed united, until 1814.
Denmark-Norway controlled many islands in the Atlantic Ocean, including the Faroe Islands, Iceland and Greenland.
Iceland became independent from Denmark in 1944.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Denmark was , on 10 August 1975 in Holstebro.
All encyclopedias were printed, until the late 20th century when some were on CDs and the Internet.
21st century encyclopedias are mostly online by Internet.
About eight billion people live on Earth.
They live in about 200 different lands called countries.
Some, for example, Russia, are large with many large cities.
Others, for example, Vatican City, are small.
The seven countries with the most people are India, China, the United States, Indonesia, Pakistan, Brazil and Nigeria.
About 90% of people live in the northern hemisphere of the world, which has most of the land.
Human beings originally came from Africa.
Now, 70% of all people do not live in Africa but in Europe and Asia.
There are methods of transport in Egypt.
The Suez Canal carries ships of many countries.
An Editor is a person who makes changes to documents.
The highest score possible is 121.22.
It is gained if every sentence only has a one-syllable word.
The Flesch score is usually lower for technical documentation because the topic itself is complicated.
Someone who uses the test regularly will develop a sense of a reasonable score for this type of writing.
Food for humans is mostly made through farming or gardening.
It includes animal and vegetable sources.
Some people refuse to eat food from animal origin, like meat, eggs, and products with milk in them.
Not eating meat is called vegetarianism.
Not eating or using any animal products is called veganism.
41% of all fish live in freshwater.
There are also some important fish which breed in rivers, and spend the rest of their life in the seas.
Examples are salmon, trout, the sea lamprey, and three-spined stickleback.
Some fish are born in salt water, but live most of their mature lives in fresh water: for example the eels.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, French literature and poetry reached its best.
The 18th century saw writings of authors, essayists and moralists as Voltaire and Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
The Tour de France cycling race in July is one of the best-known sporting events.
It is a three-week race of around 3,500 km that covers most of France and ends in the centre of Paris, on the Avenue des Champs-Elysées.
Football is another popular sport in France.
The French team won the FIFA World Cup in 1998 and 2018.
They also won the UEFA European Football Championship in 1984 and 2000.
France also hosts the 24 Hours of Le Mans car race.
France also hosted the Rugby World Cup in 2007 and finished fourth.
France is the number one tourist destination in the world.
In 2007, 81.9 million foreign tourists visited France.
Spain comes second (58.5 million in 2006) and the United States comes third (51.1 million in 2006).
Stalin, who was the leader of the Soviet Union, did not like having a capitalist country as its neighbour.
Stalin wanted Finland to become a communist state and be a part of the Soviet Union.
The leaders of Finland refused: they wanted to stay independent.
The Soviet Union sent many troops across the eastern border of Finland to try to make Finland join them, which resulted in the Winter War.
The Soviet Union eventually won, and took most of Karelia and other parts of Finland.
Finland joined NATO in 2023, after the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
To a botanist, the word fruit is used only if it comes from the part of the flower which was an ovary.
It is an extra layer round the seeds, which may or may not be fleshy.
However, even in the field of botany, there is no general agreement on how fruits should be classified.
Many do have extra layers from other parts of the flower.
Physical geography (or physiography) focuses on geography as an Earth science.
It aims to understand the physical problems and the issues of lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, pedosphere, and global flora and fauna patterns (biosphere).
Petrol, also known as gasoline, is sold by the imperial gallon in four British Overseas Territories (Anguilla, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, and Montserrat) and six countries (Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Christopher and Nevis, Saint Lucia, and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines).
All of the countries and territories just mentioned also use miles per hour for speed limits and drive on the left side of the road.
In the astronomical literature, the word 'Galaxy' with a capital G is used for our galaxy, the Milky Way.
The billions of other galaxies are written as 'galaxy' with a lowercase g.
The term Milky Way first came out in the English language in a poem by Chaucer.
A graph is an abstract data structure.
It holds nodes that are usually related to each other.
A node is a dataset, typically in the form of ordered pairs.
Nodes are either connected or not connected to another node.
The relation between nodes is usually defined as an Edge.
Graphs are useful for their ability to associate nodes with other nodes.
The Island of Hawaiʻi is the largest U.S.
Hawaiian Island, and it is the farthest south.
It is also called the Big Island.
Its area is 4,038 sq.
miles (10,458 km2).
The widest part of the island is 93 miles (150 km) across.
Healing is a process that happens in the body.
Through healing, cells are able to repair damaged tissue.
In 1606 the first European, Dutch explorer Willem Janszoon (1571–1639), visited the west.
Luis Vaez de Torres sailed through the water between Australia and New Guinea later that year.
In 1642, Dutchman Abel Tasman, working for the Dutch East Indies Company reached Tasmania, which he called Antony van Diemenslandt.
He then called the continent he charted the north coast of on his second visit in 1644 New Holland.
In 1688, William Dampier became the first Englishman to reach Australia.
But in 1770 a British sailor, Captain James Cook, found the fertile east coast of Australia.
He called it New South Wales, and claimed it for Britain.
Spain is a country in Europe.
The Roman Empire controlled Spain for three hundred years; then people from Eastern Europe called Visigoths fought for Spain, won it from the Romans, and controlled Spain for over two hundred years.
In its natural form on Earth, hydrogen is generally a gas.
Hydrogen is also one of the parts that make up a water molecule.
Hydrogen is important because it is the fuel that powers the Sun and other stars.
Ireland's main sports are Gaelic Games (Gaelic football, hurling, etc).
and soccer.
Most people in Italy are Roman Catholics, but the Catholic Church is no longer officially the state religion.
Around 50% of the people said they were Roman Catholic.
550,000 are Pentecostals and Evangelicals (0.8%).
235,685 Jehovah's Witnesses (0.4%), 30,000 Waldensians, 25,000 Seventh-day Adventists, 22,000 Mormons, 20,000 Baptists, 7,000 Lutherans, 4,000 Methodists.
The country's oldest religious minority is the Jewish community.
It has about 45,000 people.
It is no longer the largest non-Christian group.
The US wet pint, or more commonly 'pint', is the unit used to measure volume in the United States.
It is more common than the dry pint which is used for non-liquid volume measurements.
1 US pint is exactly equal to 473,176.473 mm, defined by the international yard and pound agreement.
For administration purposes, India has been divided into smaller pieces.
Most of these pieces are called states, some are called union territories.
States and union territories are different in the way they are represented.
Most union territories are ruled by administrators (called Lieutenant Governors) sent by the central government.
All the states, and the territories of Delhi, and Puducherry elect their local government themselves.
In total, there are twenty-eight states and eight union territories.
It was a surprise to learn that there are larger infinite numbers.
The number of real numbers, that is, all numbers with decimals, is larger than the number of rational numbers, the number of fractions.
This shows that there are real numbers which are not fractions.
The smallest infinite number greater than formula_2 is formula_4 (aleph one).
The number of mathematical functions is the next infinite cardinal number, formula_5.
No other month of any year begins on the same day of the week as June; this month and May are the only two months with this property.
June ends on the same day of the week as March every year, as each other's last days are 13 weeks (91 days) apart.In common years, June starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the previous year, and in leap years, April and July of the previous year.
In common years, June finishes on the same day of the week as September of the previous year, and in leap years, April and December of the previous year.
Japan had some contact with the Europeans in the 16th century.
The Portuguese were the first Europeans to visit Japan.
Later, the Spanish and Dutch came to Japan to trade.
Also, they brought Christianity.
Japan's leaders welcomed them at first, but because Europeans had conquered many places in the world, the Japanese were scared they would conquer Japan too.
So the Japanese did not let the Europeans come into Japan anymore, except in a small area in Nagasaki city.
Many Christians were killed.
Only the Chinese, Korean, and Dutch people were allowed to visit Japan, in the end, and they were under careful control of the Japanese government.
Japan was opened for visitors again in 1854 by Commodore Matthew Perry, when the Americans wanted to use Japanese ports for American whale boats.
Perry brought steamships with guns, which scared the Japanese into making an agreement with him.
No new moons were discovered for more than two hundred years.
In 1892, astronomer E.E.
Barnard found a new moon using his observatory in California.
He called the moon Amalthea.
It was the last of Jupiter's 67 moons to be discovered by human observation through a telescope.
The Ulysses probe was sent to study the Sun.
It only went to Jupiter after it had finished its main mission.
Ulysses had no cameras so it took no photographs.
In many expressions of Christianity, such as Catholicism and Anglicanism, knowledge is one of the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit.
All languages share certain things which separate them from all other kinds of communication.
English is often called the international language, or lingua franca.
It is the main second language of the world and the international language of science, travel, technology, business, diplomacy, and entertainment.
French had a similar status until the 20th century, and other languages had it at other times.
Live can be a verb.
It rhymes with give.
To live means to be alive (and it is not dead).
If you live, then you have life.
Life is a concept in biology.
It is about the characteristics, state, or mode that separates a living thing from dead matter.
Civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today.
Civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions or statutes passed by government.
The secondary part of civil law is the legal approaches that are part of custom.
In civil law governments, judges do not generally have much power, and most of the laws and legal precedent are created by Members of Parliament.
Hispanics (especially Mexicans and Cubans) and white people are the largest racial and ethnic groups in Las Vegas.
Las Vegas has many Italians, Germans, English people and Irish people.
In 1905, 110 acres owned by William A.
Clark, on which he built a railroad to Southern California were auctioned and Las Vegas was founded as a railroad town.
Las Vegas officially became a city in 1911.
These two equations form a system of linear equations.
It is linear because none of the variables are raised to a power.
The graph of a linear equation in two variables is a straight line.
In 1986 several bone flutes were found in Jiahu in Henan Province, China.
They date to about 6,000 BC.
They have between 5 and 8 holes each and were made from the hollow bones of a bird, the Red-crowned Crane.
At the time of the discovery, one was still playable.
The bone flute plays both the five- or seven-note scale of Xia Zhi and six-note scale of Qing Shang of the ancient Chinese musical system.
Maui is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands, in the United States.
Maui was named for the demi-god Maui.
In Hawaiian legend, he raised all the islands from the sea.
Maui is also known as the Valley Isle for the large fertile isthmus (narrow land connection) between two volcanoes.
Maui is a volcanic doublet: an island formed from two volcanic mountains that are joined.
The older volcano, Mauna Kahalawai, is much older and has been very worn down.
In common talk it is called the West Maui Mountain.
The larger volcano, Haleakala, rises above 10,000 feet (3,050 m).
The last eruption of Haleakala happened over 200 years ago, and this lava flow can be seen between Ahihi Bay and La Perouse Bay on the southeast shore.
Money, also sometimes called currency, can be defined as anything that people use to buy goods and services.
Money is what many people receive for selling their own things or services.
The idea of bartering things is very old.
A long time ago, people did not buy or sell with money.
Instead, they traded one thing for another to get what they wanted or needed.
One person who owned many cows could trade with another person who had a lot of wheat.
Each would trade a little of what he had with the other.
This would support the people on his farm.
Other things that were easier to carry around than cows also came to be held as valuable.
This gave rise to trade items such as jewelry and spices.
Multiplication is the inverse of division, and has many uses, one of them being checking your division work.
Now the nautical mile is defined as 1,852 metres.
A metaphor very often uses the verb 'to be': love is war, for example, not love is like war (that is a simile).
A microscope is a scientific instrument.
It makes small objects look larger.
This lets people see the small things.
People who use microscopes frequently in their jobs include doctors and scientists.
Students in science classes such as biology also use microscopes to study small things.
Geological evidence gathered by unmanned missions suggest that Mars once had much liquid water on its surface.
In 2005, radar data revealed the presence of large quantities of water ice at the poles, and at mid-latitudes.
The Mars rover Spirit sampled chemical compounds containing water molecules in March 2007.
The Phoenix lander found water ice in shallow Martian soil in July 2008.
The domes were often placed directly above the main prayer hall.
They represent the universe that Allah created.
At first, these domes were small.
They only took up a small part of the roof near the mihrab.
Later, they took the whole roof above the prayer hall.
All people must wash themselves before they pray.
Mosques often have fountains or other facilities for washing in their entrances or courtyards, so that people can perform the washing ritual before prayer.
Saudi involvement in building mosques around the world only goes back to the 1960s.
It is generally seen as good to have someone who leads the prayers, though this is not strictly necessary.
The person who usually leads the prayers is called imam.
He must be a free and honest man.
He should also be an authority when it comes to answering questions on religion.
In mosques that were built or that are kept up by the government, the imam is selected by the ruler.
In private mosques, the community selects the imam, through majority voting.
Niihau (or Niʻihau) is the smallest of the inhabited islands of Hawaii, in the United States.
It has a land area of 70 sq.
miles (184 km).
It is the oldest of the eight main islands.
Niihau is also known as the Forbidden Island.
This is due to the fact that until recently, the island was off-limits to all but family members, US Navy personnel, government officials and expressly invited guests.
Now, tourists can go on one of a limited number of supervised tours or hunting safaris.
In 1898, the cities of New York and Brooklyn came together with the Bronx, Staten Island, and the western towns in Queens County to make Greater New York.
This is the total area of the City of New York today.
Around this time, many new immigrants came into New York City.
They came in at Ellis Island, an island in New York's harbor near the Statue of Liberty.
Many of them then moved to the Lower East Side neighborhood in Manhattan, which had over a million people living in just a few square miles.
In the 1970s, many jobs were lost due to industrial restructuring.
This caused New York City to have economic problems and high crime rates.
Though the financial industry grew, which greatly helped the city's economy in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase through that decade and into the beginning of the 1990s.
By the mid 1990s, crime rates started to drop a lot due to different police strategies, better economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents, both Americans and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America.
Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, started in the city's economy.
New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 census and then again in the 2010 census.
Oahu was perhaps the first of the Hawaiian Islands which the crew of HMS Resolution saw on 18 January 1778.
This was during Captain James Cook's third Pacific Ocean trip.
Europeans did not land on Oahu until 28 February 1779 when Captain Clerke of the HMS Resolution stepped ashore at Waimea Bay.
Clerke took command of the ship after Captain Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay on February 14.
Today, Oahu has become a tourism and shopping center.
Almost 7 million visitors (mainly from the American mainland and Japan) go there every year to enjoy the special island holiday found only in Hawaii.
Philosophy is the study of the reasons for things.
It also tries to understand how things should be.
is the Ancient Greek word for the love of wisdom.
A person who works in the field of philosophy is called a philosopher.
A philosopher is a kind of thinker and researcher.
A philosophy can also mean a group of ideas or way of living suggested by philosophers.
Philosophy is a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and society.
In the past, natural sciences were a part of philosophy.
Physics is the study of energy and matter in space and time and how they are related to each other.
Physicists assume the existence of mass, length, time and electric current and then define (give the meaning of) all other physical quantities in terms of these basic units.
Mass, length, time, and electric current are never defined but the standard units used to measure them are always defined.
In the International System of Units (abbreviated SI from the French Système International), the kilogram is the basic unit of mass, the metre is the basic unit of length, the second is the basic unit of time, and the ampere is the basic unit of electric current.
The Greek philosopher Aristotle wrote that humans are a political animal and that ethics and politics are closely linked.
In 1651, Thomas Hobbes wrote Leviathan, a book about politics.
Hobbes wrote that people living in groups often give up some of their rights in exchange for some protections from a government.
This is the basis of the social contract theory.
A paradox is a sentence in logic that cannot be true but also cannot be false.
It is self-contradictory.
Many famous problems of this kind exist.
This paradox is not just in English, but in any language.
It is true of mathematics as well.
Paradox can never be removed from any symbol system that makes claims about itself.
The list includes claims from PRC and ROC, as well as unofficial historical claims.
The start of a river is called the source or head water.
The part of the river that is near the source is called a 'young' river.
A young river is often in a V-shaped river bed, and flows quickly downhill over stones, and around big rocks.
Young rivers often have lots of small waterfalls and rapids.
As the rivers travel downhill they begin to erode the ground taking small bits of soft rock and soil.
The middle part of a river is called a mature river.
A mature river makes a riverbed that is U-shaped.
It might be very deep and run fast.
It sweeps over small rocks and boulders, and makes big turns around hills and mountains.
It is much wider than a young river, but not as wide as an old river.
To cross over a mature river, people use bridges.
Many cities and towns are built on the banks of mature rivers.
Many farms that keep animals such as dairy cows, horses and sheep are along mature rivers because the animals can drink from the river every day.
Speed is a measure.
Speed is the distance an object moves in a given amount of time.
The distance is never negative.
If a train takes 1 hour to travel 100 kilometers, it has a speed of .
In fact this is the average speed.
During this one hour, the train may become slower and faster, it may even drive backwards.
The average speed of an object in a certain time is the distance the object traveled divided by the time.
There are many units of measurement.
Different units are used for different applications.
People controlling planes and ships frequently use Knot (speed).
The smallest speed is .
A “negative speed would be in fact a velocity.
The biggest speed is the speed of light.
The outer part of Saturn's atmosphere is made up of about 96% hydrogen, 3% helium, 0.4% methane and 0.01% ammonia.
There are also some acetylene, ethane and phosphine.
The Voyager space probe discovered features shaped like rays, called spokes.
These were also seen later by the Hubble telescope.
The Cassini probe photographed the spokes in 2005.
They appear dark when lit by sunlight, and appear light against the unlit side of the planet.
At first it was thought the spokes were made of microscopic dust particles, but new evidence shows that they are made of ice.
Slavery is when a person is treated as the property of another person.
This person is usually called a slave and the owner is called a slavemaster.
It often means that slaves are forced to work, or else they will be punished by the law (if slavery is legal in that place) or by their master.
Slavery has existed for a long time.
Early hunter-gatherers had no use for slaves.
They did everything for themselves.
Having another pair of hands to help them meant another mouth to feed.
Slavery or owning another person made no sense to these people.
Once men gathered in cities and towns and there was more than enough food, having a cheap supply of labor made sense.
In Mauritania, it is thought that up to 600,000 men, women and children, or 20% of the population, are slaves, and that many of them are used as bonded labour.
Slavery in Mauritania was made illegal in August 2007.
In Niger, there is also much slavery.
A Nigerien study has found that more than 800,000 people are slaves, almost 8% of the population.
Child slavery has commonly been used when making cash crops and mining.
According to the United States Department of State, more than 109,000 children were working on cocoa farms alone in Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) in 'the worst forms of child labour' in 2002.
In the 2010s, ISIL (or Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant), were taking part in slave trade (of non-Muslim women), on the largest territory that they controlled.
The old split between product and service is now often a service–product continuum.
Many products are being transformed into services.
On top of the Ark is light which is always lit, called the “Eternal Lamp.
It is a symbol which means that God is always there.
Jewish worship does not have to be carried out in a synagogue.
It can be wherever a minyan of ten Jews are.
It could be in someone's home or anywhere such as a cruise liner or an airplane.
Some synagogues have a separate room or torah study, this is called the beth midrash meaning house of study.
Some kinds of Jewish worship can be done alone or with fewer than ten people.
The commandments have influenced Jewish ethics and law and, through Judaism and Christianity, Western ethics and law since the Roman Empire.
Historically monuments containing the Commandments have been placed outside courts of law.
In the early 21st century some have been challenged or removed as a violation of freedom of religion.
Studies have shown that trees contribute as much as 27% of the appraised land value in certain markets.
Living things are classified into three domains: bacteria, archaea and eukaryotes.
The highest rank in a domain is the kingdom.
Each kingdom has many smaller groups in it, called phyla.
Each phylum has more smaller groups in it, called classes.
This pattern looks like branches on a tree with smaller branches growing from them.
Each species is put into a group because of what it does, how and what it eats, special body parts, and so on.
At the end of the pattern, the groups (genera) are very small.
Then each species in the genus is given its own name.
The Universe is old, and changing.
The best good guess of the Universe's age is 13.798±0.037 billion years old, based on the cosmic microwave background radiation.
Independent estimates (based on measurements such as radioactive dating) agree, although they are less precise, ranging from 11 to 20 billion years.
Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear physics and atomic physics.
As the Universe expands, the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter, since the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength.
Thus, although the energy density of the Universe is now dominated by matter, it was once dominated by radiation; poetically speaking, all was light.
As the Universe expanded, its energy density decreased and it became cooler; as it did so, the elementary particles of matter could associate stably into ever larger combinations.
Thus, in the early part of the matter-dominated era, stable protons and neutrons formed, which then associated into atomic nuclei.
At this stage, the matter in the Universe was mainly a hot, dense plasma of negative electrons, neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei.
Nuclear reactions among the nuclei led to the present abundances of the lighter nuclei, particularly hydrogen, deuterium, and helium.
Eventually, the electrons and nuclei combined to form stable atoms, which are transparent to most wavelengths of radiation; at this point, the radiation decoupled from the matter, forming the ubiquitous, isotropic background of microwave radiation observed today.
The rings of Uranus are thought to be relatively young, not more than 600 million years old.
The Uranian ring system probably began from the collisional fragmentation of moons that once existed around the planet.
After colliding, the moons probably broke up into many particles, which survived as narrow, optically dense rings only in zones of maximum stability.
Below is the Lord's Prayer written in Volapük.
A virtual community is a group of people who share an interest, hobby or set of views.
There is almost always a single homepage which has links to other pages that are part of that site.
Sometimes it has links to pages that are part of other sites as well.
(Note that net jargon uses the word site, which also means a physical place in the real world, to mean a web URL).
A home page serves as the introduction page of a website.
Web browsers are used by people to find and look at websites on the Internet.
The first web browser was created in 1990.
Many web browsers are available for free.
All web browsers can go to websites but each browser has good things and bad things about it.
For example, some browsers focus on data security and keeping computers safe from viruses.
Other browsers are made so that web pages appear on-screen faster.
A cross-window is a window that has a mullion and a transom, that makes a cross.
A fixed window is a window that cannot be opened.
It is made to allow light to enter.
The windows in churches are usually fixed.
A single-hung sash window is a window that has one horizontal sash at the bottom that can move up and down.
Water is a molecule made of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Its chemical formula is HO.
Though people can survive a few months without food, they can only survive for a day or two without water.
A few desert animals can get enough water from their food, but the others must drink.
Much of the universe's water is produced as a by-product of star formation.
Want can also be the idea of what it means to be poor, hungry or with no money.
Charles Dickens wrote a famous book called A Christmas Carol in which there are two children, named Want and Ignorance.
The Chinese language is like a big tree.
The base of the tree started thousands of years ago.
It now has several main limbs.
Some people call just a branch what other people call a main limb, so you can say there are six or seven main limbs.
Each of these main limbs splits off into branches about the way there are branches of English spoken in Great Britain, the United States, Australia, India, and so forth.
Just as the Romance languages all come from the area around Rome and are based on Latin, the Chinese languages all have some common source, so they keep many common things among them.
3 ÷ 0 has an undefined answer.
0 ÷ 0 has an indeterminate answer.
The following table includes all of the above examples along with other operations in a condensed, generalized form (where x represents any number).
While mathematicians all accept zero as a number, some non-mathematicians would say that zero is not a number, arguing that one cannot have zero of something.
Others say that if one has a bank balance of zero, one has a specific quantity of money in that account, namely none.
It is that latter view which is accepted by mathematicians and most others.
The modern numeral 0 is normally written as a circle or (rounded) rectangle.
In old-style fonts with text figures, 0 is usually the same height as a lowercase x.
The oval-shaped zero and circular letter O came into use together on modern character displays.
The zero with a dot in the centre seems to have begun as a choice on IBM 3270 controllers (this has the problem that it looks like the Greek letter theta).
The slashed zero, looking like the letter O with a diagonal line drawn inside it, is used in old-style ASCII graphic sets that came from the default typewheel on the well-known ASR-33 Teletype.
This format causes problems because it looks like the symbol formula_1, representing the empty set, as well as for certain Scandinavian languages which use Ø as a letter.
The rule which has the letter O with a slash and the zero without was used at IBM and a few other early mainframe makers; this is even more of a problem for Scandinavians, because it looks like two of their letters at the same time.
Some Burroughs/Unisys computers display a zero with a backwards slash.
And yet another convention common on early line printers left zero without any extra dots or slashes but added a tail or hook to the letter O so that it resembled an inverted Q or cursive capital letter O.
Five isotopes of zinc are found in nature.
Zn is the most common isotope, with 48.63% of naturally occurring Zinc.
This isotope has a half-life of 4.3x10 years.
This is so long, that its radioactivity can be ignored.
Similarly, (0.6%), with a half life of 1.3x10 years is usually considered to not be radioactive.
The other isotopes found in nature are (28%), (4%) and (19%).
Africa was the homeland for the first people.
People who come from Africa are called Africans.
People in the north are called North Africans and people in the south are called South Africans.
Languages in eastern Africa include Swahili, Oromo and Amharic.
Languages in western Africa include Lingala, Igbo, Hausa and Fulani.
The most popular language in Northern Africa is Arabic.
The Soviets had a slow economy during this decade because military spending was at an all-time high.
They tried to keep up with the United States in military spending but could not do so.
In the Soviet war in Afghanistan, which started in 1979, the Soviets had a difficult time fighting resistance groups, with some of them armed and trained by the United States.
The Soviets' failed invasion of Afghanistan is often compared to the American failure during the Vietnam War.
Large depressions called geosynclines form between plates.
Seas filled the geosynclines and rivers flowing into them carried sediments (sand and silt) which build up on the sea bed.
There are some IP addresses that are reserved for special purposes.
For example, the address 127.0.0.1 is called the Loopback Address and will loop back any packets sent to this address back to the computer that sent them, like sending mail to yourself.
Although this may not seem useful, it is used to test servers.
Most successful clubs are FC Barcelona and Real Madrid from Spain; Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund from Germany; Galatasaray S.K.
from Turkey; Juventus, AC Milan and Inter Milan from Italy; Liverpool, Manchester United and Manchester City from England; Paris Saint-Germain from France and Al Ahly from Egypt.
The boundaries between moving plates form the largest fault surfaces on Earth.
When they stick, motion between the plates leads to increasing stress.
This continues until the stress rises and breaks, suddenly allowing sliding over the locked portion of the fault.
This releases the stored energy as shock waves.
The San Andreas fault in San Francisco, and Rift valley fault in Africa are faults like this.
In physics, atomic nuclei that have been completely ionized are called charged particles.
These are ones in alpha radiation.
Some of the oldest human remains found in Europe were discovered in Romania.
They were about 42,000 years old.
This may have been when the first Homo sapiens came to Europe.
The world's first and oldest writing comes from people who lived in today's Romania.
Approximately 5300 years BC.
According to archaeology it is not a matter of symbols, but the world's first writings.
It belonged to the Vinča culture which inhabited all of today's Serbia with over 150 Vinča sites and minor parts of Western Romania, northwestern Bulgaria, eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina and Southeastern Hungary.
The country's troops fought together with the German Wehrmacht against the Soviet Union.
After the massacre, many of the Jews who remained in Odessa were sent to various concentration camps.
Nearby Odessa on October 25, 1941, approximately 40,000 Jews, was gathering together on a special closed military secured area, and the Jews had to stay outdoors for more than ten days without food or supply.
Many died of cold and starvation.
The survivors were murdered one month later.
Argon was first removed from air in 1894 by Lord Rayleigh and Sir William Ramsay at University College London by removing oxygen, carbon dioxide, water, and nitrogen from a sample of clean air.
Ancient Greece created democracy, philosophy, science and mathematics, drama and theater and the Olympic Games.
This is why other languages use many Greek words.
In 1912, Greece took part in the Balkan Wars, where it gained many of the territories that make up the country now, such as Greek Macedonia and the islands of the Aegean Sea.
Greece fought in both World War I and World War II in the side of allies.
During World War I, Greece was divided into two countries, the State of Thessaloniki in the north and the State of Athens in the south.
Both countries claimed to be the legitimate government of Greece, but the State of Thessaloniki received support from the Allies.
The country was reunited in 1917 when the King abdicated.
In 1920 Greece expanded again and briefly reached its maximum size.
The territories that the country had gained in Turkey were given back to Turkey in the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, but Greece kept Western Thrace.
The king returned in 1935, and Greece was under a fascist dictatorship from 1936 until 1941, friendly to the Allies when it was invaded by Nazi Germany.
Sweden has 25 historical provinces (landskap).
They are found in three different regions: Norrland in the North, Svealand in the central region, and Götaland in the South.
He did his research on gravitation at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton, New Jersey until his death on 18 April 1955 of a aortic aneurysm.
He was still writing about quantum physics hours before he died.
The photoelectric effect happens when light shining on a metal surface causes it to emit electrons.
The difficulty for the classical wave theory was to explain why this effect only seems to occur for high frequency light such as UV, but not lower frequency such as red or infrared.
Things going in the same direction at the same speed are said to be in an inertial frame.
The symbol for the euro is the Greek letter epsilon (E) with two horizontal lines: €.
Skiing, snowboarding and mountaineering are among the most popular sports in Switzerland.
Because of the large mountain range the nature of the country is well suited for such activities.
Bobsleigh was invented in St.
Moritz.
The first world ski championships were held in Mürren (1931) and St.
Moritz (1934). St.
Moritz hosted the second Winter Olympic Games in 1928 and in 1948.
Among the most successful skiers and world champions are Pirmin Zurbriggen and Didier Cuche.
The many lakes in the country make Switzerland a good place for sailing.
The largest, Lake Geneva, is the home of the sailing team Alinghi.
They were the first European team to win the America's Cup in 2003.
They also won in 2007.
Tennis has become more popular.
Swiss players such as Martina Hingis and Roger Federer have won multiple Grand Slams.
Toronto has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification: Dfa).
Each of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks keeps enough cash to meet the needs of the depository institutions in its District.
Extended custodial inventory sites in several continents promote the use of U.S.
currency internationally, improve the collection of information on currency flows, and help local banks meet the public's demand for U.S.
currency.
Additions to that supply come directly from the two divisions of the Treasury Department that produce the cash: the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, which prints currency, and the United States Mint, which makes coins.
Most of the inventory consists of deposits by banks that had more cash than they needed to serve their customers and deposited the excess at the Fed to help meet their reserve requirements.
The best way to become an engineer in France is to take the CPGE (Classe Préparatoire pour les Grandes Écoles is the French class for engineer's school) for two years and then study for three years in an École d'Ingénieur (Engineer's school).
English is a language that started in Anglo-Saxon England.
It is originally from Anglo-Frisian and Old Saxon dialects.
English is now used as a global language.
There are about 375 million native speakers (people who use it as their first language) in the world.
The 1999 İzmit earthquake was an approximately 7.4 magnitude earthquake that struck northwestern Turkey on 17 August 1999, at about 3:02 am local time.
18.000 people died in the earthquake.
The Christian Bible is a collection of 66 books.
The first 39 books are the Old Testament.
It is the first part of the God's story of salvation.
Salvation is God's long work of saving us from our sins.
Sin is what happened when people decided to live their own way instead of God's way in the world that God created.
That was when God began His great work of saving us from our sins.
To prepare the way, God had to destroy the whole world by a great flood, except for the family of Noah.
Then God raised up a new people for Himself.
They were the ancient Hebrews.
God promised the Hebrews they would bring His salvation to the whole world.
The first five books of the Old Testament are mostly the story of how God chose the ancient Hebrews and taught them his laws.
Following these are the twelve books that tell the history of the Hebrews.
The next five are books of poetry and wisdom.
One of these five books, the Psalms, is a book of songs showing mainly how God wants to be worshiped.
The last seventeen books of the Old Testament were written by Hebrew prophets.
These books tell about God's disappointment with the ancient Hebrews and His promise to bring them back to friendship with Him.
The prophets also foretell a great surprise God was planning for the world-He was going to send His very own Son, the Messiah (the Anointed One), the Saviour, to save us from our sins.
You can read about this Messiah in the New Testament.
The orbit of a moon or other satellite is affected by two forces: gravity, and the centripetal force.
Johannes Kepler studied the motion of planets.
In 1609 and 1616 he published his three laws governing the shape of their orbits and their speed along those orbits, but did not discover why they moved that way.
Peru was the home of the Inca Empire.
The Incas were a well-organized Indian civilization that began the city of Cuzco (now called Cusco).
Beginning in the 1400s, they defeated many nearby tribes and built an empire in the Andes.
The Inca forced the people to work for the king for a certain number of days every year.
They used this work tax to build roads and terraces on the sides of the mountains to grow crops, and huge cities with rich palaces for the rulers and their queens.
Records were kept on quipa, knotted ropes, since the Incas never invented writing.
These could be quickly sent anywhere in the empire by a series of relay runners set up along the roads.
Heavier loads were sent by llamas, the pack animals of the Andes.
The Incas were rich in gold and silver which could be found in the mountains.
The Spanish wanted that treasure when they discovered the nation in the 1500s.
Francisco Pizarro, a Spanish man, kidnapped and killed the Inca ruler in 1532, even after his people paid a huge amount of treasure for his release.
The Incas fought the Spanish for many years, but the last Inca king was killed in 1572.
In January 1905, Alexander Adrianov became Moscow’s first mayor.
After the Russian Revolution of 1917, on 12 March 1918 Moscow became the capital of the Soviet Union.
During World War II (known in Russia as the Great Patriotic War), after the German invasion of the USSR, the Soviet State Defense Group and commanders of the Red Army were placed in Moscow.
In 1941, 16 groups of national volunteers (more than 160,000 people), twenty-five battalions (18,500 people) and four engineering regiments were created among the Muscovites.
That November, the German Army was stopped at the edge of the city and then driven off in the Battle of Moscow.
Many factories were moved away, and much of the government was too, and from 20 October the city was declared to be under siege.
Its people who stayed built and used anti-tank defences, and the city was bombed from the air.
Joseph Stalin (the leader of Russia) did not leave the city, so the general staff remained in the city as well.
Even with a siege going on, the construction of the Moscow Metro system continued through the war, and by the end of the war a few new metro lines were open.
The first electric tram began operating in 1899.
There are no real surnames on Iceland.
Children get the first name of their father (sometimes mother) with -s+son if it's a boy, and -s+dóttir if it's a girl.
For example, a man named Jón Stefánsson has a son named Fjalar.
Fjalar's last name will not be Stefánsson like his father's, it will become Fjalar Jónsson.
The same goes for women.
Jón Stefánsson's daughter Kata would not have the last name Stefánsson, she would have the name Jónsdóttir.
A census is a way of getting information about every member of a population.
It is usually used for a population of people, but can be used to mean a population of animals.
Here is an example page in HTML with Hello world!.
A leg is a weight-bearing and locomotion device.
Birds and humans have two legs, but many animals have four or six or even more.
A biped is an animal with two legs and quadruped is an animal with four legs.
Inkjet printers use yellow ink as one of their three primary colors (basic colors used to make the other colors), along with cyan ink and magenta ink.
Some elements of football have been seen in many countries, dating back to the second and third century AD in China.
The modern games of both rugby football and association football comes from 19th-century England.
England is divided into 48 ceremonial counties, which are also known as geographic counties.
The counties of England are areas used for different purposes, which include administrative, geographical, cultural and local politics.
The original county structure has its origins in the Middle Ages.
Rocks were smelted to release copper and iron, key products needed by the industrial revolution.
Coal itself is moved by canals and later by rail to England.
Edward came north in person and defeated Wallace at the Battle of Falkirk in 1298.
Wallace escaped but resigned as Guardian of Scotland.
John Comyn and Robert the Bruce were put in his place.
In 1305 Wallace was captured by the English, who executed him for treason.
Wallace claimed he did not commit treason as he was not loyal to England.
Arsenal finished in either first or second place in the league in eight of Wenger's first nine seasons at the club, although on no occasion were they able to retain the title.
The club had not gained a trophy since the 2005 FA Cup until, led by then club-record signing Mesut Özil, Arsenal beat Hull City in the 2014 FA Cup Final, coming back from 2–0 to win the match 3–2.
After two seasons however the club's performance went downhill and Kendall was sacked after barely avoiding relegation in the 1998-99 season.
Former player Walter Smith took over for three seasons, but failed to perform well.
He spent a lot of money on players but didn't lead the team to good league positions.
David Moyes took over in 2002 and has been one of the club's most successful managers to date.
Under his management Wayne Rooney was brought into the first team and he was quickly sold to Manchester United for £28 million, a club record fee.
Moyes later broke the transfer record again in 2008 with the signing of Marouane Fellaini.
They wore many different kit colours in their first few years.
At first, they wore white shorts and white shirts with blue stripes.
However, many players who moved to Everton still wore the shirts of their old team, so things were confusing.
To solve this the club introduced an all black kit to the club, as black dye was cheap and easily available.
However many fans thought this was boring and morbid so a red band was added across the chest.
Wigan Athletic Football Club is an English football club from Wigan, Greater Manchester.
The club plays in the Championship, currently managed by Owen Coyle.
They play their home games at the DW Stadium.
In 2012-13 they won the FA Cup by beating Manchester City 1-0 and so they played in the UEFA Europa League in the season 2013/14.
A few days later they were relegated from the English Premier League to the Football League Championship, becoming the first FA Cup-winning side to be relegated in the same season.
Manager Roberto Martínez left the club shortly after to join Everton.
Owen Coyle replaced him.
Around 850, Saint Altfrid founded the Damenstift, an abbey for women, ruled by a prince abbess.
In this time the cathedral of Essen was built.
In those days the name of the city was Assindia in Latin.
Later it changed over Essendia and Essend to Essen.
1377 Essen became a free imperial city.
At this time, Essen was just a small city in a region where few people lived.
The city became more important when the Industrial Revolution began.
In 1811, Friedrich Krupp founded a small steel factory in Essen which was fast growing.
The city population also grew, and 80 years after the foundation of Krupp's steel work, Essen was a big city with 100,000 inhabitants.
Because in the region of the Ruhr River much coal was found, many coal mines were founded in Essen and other near cities.
Great industrial families like the Krupps, the Haniels and the Grillos gave money for cultural buildings like the Grillo theatre and the Folkwang museum.
Because of its big industry, Essen was destroyed with bombs in the Second World War.
Many people gave their lives, and many buildings were destroyed.
Not all were rebuilt after WW2.
But because the coal mining industry ended mining in Essen in the 1970s (coal from abroad was getting cheaper), the city was getting poor.
The Strukturwandel (structural change) saved Essen.
Old collieries like Zeche Zollverein became museums or theatres.
In 2003, the universities of Essen and Duisburg joined as the university Duisburg-Essen.
The most popular sport in Germany is Association football or soccer.
The most important soccer clubs of Essen are Rot-Weiß Essen (RWE) and Schwarz-Weiß Essen.
They play in the 4th and the 5th league.
More successfully is the women's association football club SG Essen-Schönebeck that plays in the first Bundesliga.
The second big sport is team handball.
TUSEM Essen is the most important club in Essen.
The most popular ice hockey club is named ESC Moskitos Essen and the biggest basketball club ETB Wohnbau Baskets Essen.
In physics, a force is a push or pull between objects.
It is called an interaction because if one object acts on another, its action is matched by a reaction from the other object.
This idea is known as Newton's third law, where action and reaction are equal and opposite (matched).
This formula says that when you know the mass of an object, then you can calculate how much force there is on the object because of gravity.
The equation says that if two objects are very heavy then there is a strong force between them because of gravity.
In chemistry, a mixture is a substance that is made up of two or more simpler substances.
These substances can be chemical elements or compounds.
A mixture can be made of liquids, solids, or gases.
Definitions: vertical lines are files; horizontal lines are ranks; lines at 45° are diagonals.
Gold is a fairly good electrical conductor, better than aluminium, but not as good as copper or silver.
Copper and brass electrical connectors, especially those used with computer and audio/video equipment, are often plated with gold for corrosion resistance.
Gold is also a good heat conductor, although it is not commonly used for this purpose due to its cost.
SI prefixes are commonly used for times shorter than one second, but rarely for multiples of a second.
Instead, certain non-SI units are permitted for use in SI: minutes, hours, days, and in astronomy Julian days.
Let's say we are going to find out the effect of temperature on the way sugar dissolves in a glass of water.
Below is one way to do this, following the scientific method step by step.
When talking about gas, pressure is often related to the container.
A lot of gas in a small container would have very high pressure.
A small amount of a gas in a big container would have low pressure.
Some of the oldest remains that we have of ancient people are weapons made of stone.
Ancient people also used spears.
Bows and arrows were in use by about 20,000 BC.
During the Bronze age people learned to make things of metal, many people used swords.
People also built huge machines which could throw rocks to destroy the defensive walls of enemy cities.
Some of these machines were called catapults or siege engines.
Later, gunpowder was invented in China and the Europeans began using it to make guns and cannons.
These weapons were much better than the older weapons, and helped the Europeans to conquer people in many parts of the world.
People in many parts of the world used guns such as rifles and shotguns for hunting animals, and handguns for shooting other people.
Like the Celts who lived in the area, the Romans called the river Thamesis.
Nativity scenes can be large with life-sized statues, or they can be tiny enough to fit in a matchbox.
They are made of many different things including carved and painted wood, brightly coloured ceramics (pottery), painted paper glued to boards, and mixtures of material with clay, wood, cloth, straw and metal used for different parts.
In the 4th century, in a Greek village that is now part of Turkey, there was a good man who would secretly given presents to the poor to help them.
He became a bishop and is called Saint Nicholas.
Over the centuries, he became a very popular saint and lots of churches were named after him.
He was very popular in places where there were lots of sailors.
One of those places was the Netherlands.
In the Netherlands and many other European countries, presents are given on the feast of Saint Nicholas, 6 December.
Traditionally, the presents are not big, and are sometimes hidden, or have a funny joke or poem that must be read.
In many towns of Europe a man dressed in bishop’s robes comes on a horse or in a boat, acting as St.
Nicholas.
His name was often shortened to Sante Claus, or Santa Claus in English.
Most metals are hard, shiny, they feel heavy and they melt only when they are heated at very high temperatures .
Lumps of metal will make a bell-like sound when they are hit with something heavy (they are sonorous).
During World War II, the Japanese drove out the Dutch and took control of Indonesia.
After Japan surrendered in the war, Indonesia claimed its independence on the 17th of August 1945.
The proclamation was read by Sukarno and Hatta in Jakarta.
Sukarno later became Indonesia's first President and Mohammad Hatta became Indonesia’s first vice President.
German numbers are similar to their English counterparts.
Like most languages, the German number system is based mainly on the first 10 numbers.
They will pop up over and over throughout all the higher numbers.
Many have different opinions on what the meaning is.
Some say life is a war zone where we are the soldiers fighting in that war for survival.
Some think it is all about the relationships that we make in our life.
Some people say that life is full of violence and hatred but some say that life is full of hope and happiness.
Still, other people say that the meaning of life is to achieve the goals you set in life.
According to Douglas Adams, the answer to the question is 42.
The biological answer is to have children, which is to pass on your genes.
Others say the meaning of life is simply to live your life to the fullest.
Some say, however, the meaning of life is simply to give life a meaning.
However, life can also be an illusion, or maybe a mere mirror of a different universe.
Maybe we really don't have any control over our or the universe's actions, since we are all just imitating a different universe.
We can never really know.
Philosophies such as nihilism and absurdism deny that life has any meaning.
Alaska does not touch other US states.
It has borders with Canada, the Arctic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Bering Sea, and the Bering Strait.
Coconut milk is not real milk because it comes from a plant instead of an animal.
However, it looks similar to real milk because it is white.
It also does not have as many nutrients as real milk.
It is made by removing the white meat from a coconut, pressing or squeezing the meat, then adding water.
It is sometimes used in cooking, for example, in Thai curry.
While British Columbia was technically a British colony, it was the private corporation, the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) that really ran the place.
The first Governor of Vancouver Island (then a separate colony), actually resigned over the fact that the Queen, had no say, above the interests of the Colony.
After him, the next governor of the Island, was also, coincidentally, the head of the HBC's operations in British Columbia and Vancouver Island.
British Columbia's large mineral resources also led to a large mining industry.
For the most of the 19th century, and well into the 20th century, mining was highly profitable.
For the immigrants, once again, this was another opportunity to exploit.
Large numbers of immigrants, skilled from their experience mining at home, filled up the labour demands, and quickly, new towns were formed.
The city of Nanaimo, for instance, was founded thanks to a large amount of coal found in its harbour.
Coal especially, was the fuel of the industry, as coal was required for everything it the time, from ships, to trains, to the heater in everyone's homes.
The agriculture industry in BC is, and always has been humble.
However, as they say, good things come in small packages, and the agricultural goods of BC, are about as good as they come.
Due to the fact that BC has only about 2% arable land, the remainder being too dry, or too cold, or too remote, or a plethora of other reasons, BC has never been able to sustain a primary food agricultural industry.
Even today, BC cannot grow enough food to feed its entire population, and imports foods instead, from the eastern provinces, such as Alberta, and Saskatchewan.
However, where BC does grow food, the food is scrumptious, and award-winning.
The Okanagan valley, is known for its award-winning fruits, and wine-related products.
However, that is not where all the food is produced.
In the Fraser valley delta, large amounts of other food crops are grown, such as wheat, and berries.
Thuringia borders on the German states of Lower Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, Saxony, Bavaria and Hesse.
The most conspicuous geographical feature of Thuringia is the Thuringia Forest (Thüringer Wald).
In the northwest Thuringia includes a small part of the Harz mountains.
The Saale river runs through Jena.
Internet Explorer 2 was released for Windows 95, Windows NT 3.5, and NT 4.0 on August 24, 1996 (following a 2.0 beta in November 1995).
It featured support for SSL, cookies, VRML, RSA, and Internet newsgroups.
Version 2 was also the first release for Windows 3.1 and Macintosh System 7.0.1 (PPC or 68k), although the Mac version was not released until January 1996 for PPC, and April for 68k.
Version 2.1 for the Mac came out in August 1996, although by this time, Windows was getting 3.0.
Version 2 was included in Windows 95 OSR 1 and Microsoft's Internet Starter Kit for Windows 95 in early 1996.
It launched with twelve languages including English but this expanded to 24, 20, and 9 for Win 95, Win 3.1, and Mac respectively by April 1996.
The 2.0i version supported double-byte character-set.
Early versions of Internet Explorer such as 5 had a compatibility mode to run Internet Explorer 4, though this feature was dropped (also, Internet Explorer for Mac users could still use 4.5 after installing IE 5).
While Microsoft claims it is impossible to keep multiple versions of Internet Explorer on the same machine, some hackers have successfully separated several versions of Internet Explorer, making them standalone applications.
These are referred to as standalone IEs and have included versions 3 through 7.
All Kenyans of school-going age are required to attend Primary School.
However, school fees and required uniforms often keep students away from school.
The Kenyan school system consists of 8 years of primary school (Standard 1 through 8), 4 years of high school (Form 1 through 4) and 4 years of university, but plans are underway of changing the system to 2 years in pre-school, 6 years in primary school, 3 years in junior high school, 3 years in senior high school, and 3 years in university (2-6-6-3) in 2018.
At the end of primary school, all students sit for a standardized exam called Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (KCPE).
The grades attained in this exam determine which high school the student will attend.
In Form 4 (the last year in high school), students sit for another exam called the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE).
The highest achieving students are granted admission into the 5 national universities (Nairobi, Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology, Kenyatta University, Egerton University and Moi University).
Tertiary colleges, like Globovillee college, also feed the diploma graduates to universities.
In February 2022, Elizabeth II tested positive for COVID-19 after having cold-like symptoms.
Toward the end of her life, she left more duties to the younger members of the Royal Family, particularly to Prince Charles, who became King when she died.
Sometimes a question has a simple answer like Yes or No.
In the 2000s, many people have Internet-based hobbies, such as editing Wikipedia, writing their own blogs, or having online discussions in Newsgroups or online forums.
natural gas, oil, hydroelectric power, and fish.
The farmers' culture (bondekulturen) was brutal.
The Kingdom of Hungary became a Habsburg dependency, because an agreement made in Vienna in 1515 said that the Habsburg family would take over the territory of the Jagellion family in Bohemia and Hungary if the line of kings should die out.
In 1686, the Ottomans were forced to leave, and the country was reunified.
Many nationalities were living in the country at this time.
Along with Hungarians, there were also the ancestors of modern Slovaks, Serbs, Romanians and Germans (known as Danube Swabians).
Ukraine is a republic.
In the Soviet epoch, Ukraine was renamed to so-called a Soviet Socialist Republic incorporated into Soviet Union.
The political demonstrations in autumn-winter 2004 after the Presidential elections gathered millions of people all over the country.
On November 26, 2004, Victor Yuschenko lost the Ukrainian presidential election (Viktor Yanukovych was declared the winner).
However, Yuschenko and his followers argued that the election had been corrupted.
They argued that the election results had been falsified by the Ukrainian government, in support of the opposing candidate Victor Yanukovych.
They organized political demonstrations in autumn-winter 2004 that gathered millions of people all over the country.
They called the demonstrations The Orange Revolution ().
Former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko was an important ally of Victor Yuschenko during the demonstrations.
The Constitutional Court of Ukraine ordered the second round of elections, which Yuschenko won.
Most movies are made so they can be watched at home or on a movie screen at movie theaters.
Movies are shown in movie theaters a few weeks or months after or before the movie is released.
Movies can be marketed using media.
Movies are shown on pay television or cable television, or are sold or rented on DVD disks or videocassette tapes, so that people can watch the movies at home.
Movies can also be downloaded or streamed.
Some movies are shown on television broadcasting stations.
For hundreds of years, people used elephants for military purposes.
Death under the foot of an elephant was common for people who left the army or prisoners as well as for military criminals.
Elephants have teeth and tusks.
Tusks are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws.
Modern elephants – the actual family Elephantidae – evolved from gomphotheres as the climate became cooler and drier in the Pliocene and Pleistocene.
This includes the mammoth and mastodon as well as modern elephants.
In Australia the pecent of elemental sulfur must also be shown.
<nowiki>**</nowiki>includes Strategic Deterrent Forces, Paramilitary, National Guard, etc.
Today, the average rate of energy capture by photosynthesis globally is about 130 terawatts.
This is about six times larger than the current power used by human civilization.
There are over 10000 definitions of terrorism.
In some cases, the same group may be described as freedom fighters by its supporters and terrorists by its opponents.
The term is often used by states to criticize political opponents.
South Africa is divided into 9 provinces.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities.
The district municipalities are further divided into 226 local municipalities.
South Africa's most liked sports are soccer, rugby union and cricket.
Other sports that are popular are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis and netball.
Soccer is the most liked among youth.
There are other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding that are becoming more liked.
As the economy expanded across the world during the 19th century, advertising grew alongside.
In the United States, the success of this advertising format eventually led to the growth of mail-order advertising.
Positive symptoms are thoughts, behaviors, or anything experienced by the senses that are not shared by others - like hearing voices that are not really there.
They are called 'positive' not because they are good but because they are added on.
These symptoms may include having strange thoughts that do not make sense (delusions), disorganized thoughts and speech, and feeling, hearing, seeing, smelling, or tasting things that do not exist (hallucinations).
Positive symptoms often respond to drug treatment and cognitive behavioral therapy, CBT.
Stopping anti-psychotic or anti-vomiting drugs too quickly may also cause these symptoms.
The DSM-IV-TR or the ICD-10 criteria are used to determine whether a person has schizophrenia.
These criteria use the self-reported experiences of the person and reported abnormalities (unusual occurrences) in the behavior of the person, followed by a clinical assessment.
A person can be determined to have the disease only if the symptoms are severe.
There are some goals during the acute phase of treatment.
Some of these goals are to prevent harm.
To prevent harm, the person being treated will have the severity of psychosis and it's symptoms reduced.
These symptoms include agitation, aggression, negative symptoms, self-disorder, and thought disorders.
Another goal is to find and treat the things that led to the episode of psychosis.
Then, the person will be treated by trying to go back to how they were before psychosis.
Lastly, the person will be helped by forming social connections and finding out what treatment plans work for them.
Some treatment plans can be for a long time, and others can be for a short time.
Some reviews of research sponsored by the makers of antipsychotic drugs claim that about 40 to 50 percent of people have a good response to medication, 30 to 40 percent have a partial response, and 20 percent have an unsatisfactory response (after 6 weeks on two or three different drugs).
Other research from The British Journal of Psychiatry were more negative and claimed that the clinical relevance of antipsychotics is in fact limited.
This study included 22 428 patients and 11 antipsychotic drugs.
The British national guidelines for treatment (NICE) recommend for both people are at risk of getting schizophrenia and people who have got it, cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and family therapy.
Getting support from people who have become well from schizophrenia is also strongly recommended.
The guidelines also warn against using more than one antipsychotic drug at the same time.
Both for people who are at risk for getting schizophrenia and for people who have got it, they recommend cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and family therapy.
Getting support from people who have become well from schizophrenia is also strongly recommended.
A need is a thing that, when a living being, plant or animal does not have it, it is not able to live.
Every person has the same basic needs for the body.
Humans have bodily needs of water, food, clothing, and shelter to live.
The need for water is the most important because a person will die very quickly when they do not have drinking water.
In a warm place food is the next most important need.
In ancient times, the Celts lived in what is now France.
In those days, the land was called Gaul (Latin: Gallia).
The Romans conquered Gallia and divided it into provinces.
Because the Romans spoke Latin, the local people learned Latin and began to speak it.
Their own language, Gaulish, tended to be spoken less often, although Breton is a language still spoken today in the part of France called Brittany, that came from the old Celtic language.
The island is the least densely populated country in the world, with a density of 0.026 people per square kilometer.
Antarctica is not counted because it is not an independent country and has no permanent inhabitants.
Extreme government-changing activity in the Russian Empire began with the Decembrist Revolt of 1825, and although serfdom was removed in 1861, its removal was achieved on terms unfavorable to the peasants (poor agricultural workers) and served to encourage changers (revolutionaries).
A parliament (legislative assembly)—the State Duma—was created in 1906 after the Russian Revolution of 1905, but the Tsar suppressed people trying to move from absolute to constitutional monarchy.
Rebellion continued and was aggravated during World War I by failure and food shortages in popular cities.
There are at least 800 breeds (kinds) of dogs.
Dogs whose parents were the same breed will also be that breed: these dogs are called purebred or pure pedigree dogs.
Dogs with parents from different breeds no longer belong to one breed: they are called mutts, mixed-breed dogs, hybrids, or mongrels.
Some of the most popular breeds are sheepdogs, collies, poodles and retrievers.
It is becoming popular to breed together two different breeds of dogs and call the new dog's breed a name that is a mixture of the parents' breeds' two names.
A puppy with a poodle and a pomeranian as parents might be called a Pomapoo.
Instead of being called mutts, these kinds of dogs are known as designer dog breeds.
These dogs are normally used for prize shows and designer shows.
The Arctic fox often trails the bears onto the ice to eat their leftover food.
The fox also eats rabbits, lemmings, and voles.
Riding bicycles, which is also called cycling, is an important way to travel in several parts of the world.
The most popular type of cycling is Utility cycling.
It is also a common recreation, a good form of low-impact exercise, and a popular sport.
Road bicycle racing is the second most popular spectator sport in the world.
It seems that the idea of an alphabet–a script based entirely upon sound–arose only once, and has been copied and adapted to suit many different languages.
Although no alphabet fits its language perfectly, it is flexible enough to fit any language approximately.
It was a unique invention.
It is only in the last 150 years that most people have been able to read and write in Europe and North America.
In many other parts of the world this did not happen until the 20th century.
Until then, literacy was mainly for clerics, that is, people who had training as priests.
Even wealthy people were often illiterate, and used scribes to write for them.
The invention of printing came before mass literacy.
Before 1500, each book had to be created by hand, so there were few books available compared to the billions in the world today.
Mass literacy needed cheap books.
The color blue is sometimes associated with sadness, which may be where the name of the music style The Blues comes from.
Blue is a color of the Jewish religion.
The peafowl is the best example of a display of colour to attract a mate.
Also the male domestic fowl and junglefowl have long shiny feathers above his tail and also long neck feathers that may be a different colour to his wings and body.
There are only a few species of birds (such as the eclectus parrot) where the female is more colourful than the male.
Some birds do not fly.
Flightlessness in birds has evolved many times.
Although birds are warm-blooded creatures like mammals, they do not give birth to live young.
They lay eggs as reptiles do, but the shell of a bird's egg is hard.
The baby bird grows inside the egg, and after a few weeks hatches (breaks out of the egg).
Almost all birds make sounds to communicate.
The types of noises that vary greatly.
Some birds can sing, and they are called songbirds or passerines.
Examples are robins, larks, canaries, thrushes, nightingales.
Corvids are passerines, but they do not sing.
Birds that are not songbirds include: pigeons, seagulls, eagles, owls and ducks.
Parrots are not songbirds, even though they can be taught to sing human songs.
Freedom of speech is the right to state one's opinions and ideas without being stopped or punished.
Sometimes this is also called Freedom of expression.
Freedom of speech is thought to also include freedom of the press and Freedom of information.
However, new laws are usually needed to allow information to be used easily.
The wonderful old town with its town church and its location as the gateway to the three Jura lakes (Lakes Biel, Lake Neuchâtel and Lake Murten) with vineyards on the hillsides and extensive vegetable cultivation make the town very attractive.
A parser reads in the output of the lexical analyzer, and verifies the syntax of the language.
If the input program is syntactically incorrect or has a type error, it generates errors and warnings.
This is called semantic analysis.
For example, the parser might complain about the example above, if it had not already seen codice_3 with its type adjective.
The parser uses all the information to make a structure typically called an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST).
A programmer usually tries to write instructions in small, related groups.
That way, they can keep track of fewer changes in the program.
But, that means the code may go on several pages.
When a compiler sees that the target program uses several pages to explain the whole recipe, it may use a linker.
The linker will put instructions that say where to find the code that's next.
Finally, the compiler writes down the instructions in the target language.
Pit eyes are set in a depression in the skin.
This reduces the angles at which light can enter.
It allows the organism to say where the light is coming from.
All adult insects have six legs; and most have wings.
Insects were the first animals capable of flight.
Track and field is part of the sport of athletics.
Athletics is a collection of sport events that includes running, jumping and throwing.
Track and field events take place in a sports stadium, either on the running track, or on the field inside the running track.
These tracks are generally made up of synthetic rubber – rubber particles bound with latex or polyurethane.
Other athletics events that are not track and field, include cross country running, road running, marathon running, and race-walking - these events take place outside a sports stadium.
In 1877, the first set of written rules were arranged by the newly formed Bath Badminton Club.
The All England Open Badminton Championships, the first badminton competition in the world, was held in 1899.
Badminton has been an Olympic sport since 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Although badminton originated in England, it is mainly played in countries of Asia such as China, Nepal, Indonesia, India, and the Republic of Korea that now dominates this sport.
These are doctors with special training to treat the ears, nose and throat.
These are the doctors who will very commonly remove an organ called the tonsils from a patient.
A glow-worm, or glowworm, is an insect.
There are different kinds of pronouns: personal, reciprocal, interrogative, and relative.
Ottawa has a hot-summer humid continental climate (Köppen climate classification: Dfa).
The champion of the league promotes to the Austrian Bundesliga.
Sex determination in biology is about the function of sex, not what individuals look like.
In humans, males and females usually look different.
In many species they do not, except for the sex organs.
Some ladders are vertical (they go straight up or down).
These are fixed onto something.
Examples are: ladders in a swimming pool for climbing in and out of the water, small ladders to climb up to a top bunk bed, ladders at the side of a big boat or at the side of a canal lock or of any other high or low construction where workmen may need to get up or down to do repairs.
A common application of alliteration is in books intended for children learning about letters.
Animalia by Graeme Base famously applies alliteration within a storybook, going in order through each letter of the English alphabet and providing many sentences with alliteration.
Places in books: Bat Barn, Terror Tombs, Vampire Village, etc.
Code names: The release names of the Linux distribution, Ubuntu (e.g.
Breezy Badger, Hoary Hedgehog, Feisty Fawn, etc)..
In 1933/1934, the British chemists Norman Haworth and Edmund Hirst, and separately the Polish Tadeus Reichstein, successfully synthesized the vitamin.
The amount of vitamin C in foods of plant origin depends on the kind of plant, the kind of soil where it grew, how much rain and sun it got, the length of time since it was picked, and how it was stored since then.
In 1934, the Swiss pharmaceutical company Hoffmann-La Roche was the first to mass-produce synthetic vitamin C, under the brand name of Redoxon.
The letters in parentheses are just reminders that the zinc goes from a solid (s) into a water solution (aq) and vice versa for the copper.
It is typical in the language of electrochemistry to refer to these two processes as half-reactions which occur at the two electrodes.
Clearly, to get energy from the cell, you must get more energy released from the oxidation of the zinc than it takes to reduce the copper.
The cell can yield a finite amount of energy from this process, the process being limited by the amount of material available either in the electrolyte or in the metal electrodes.
For example, if there were one mole of the sulfate ions SO on the copper side, then the process is limited to transferring two moles of electrons through the external circuit.
The amount of electric charge contained in a mole of electrons is called the Faraday constant, and is equal to Avogadro's number times the electron charge:Faraday constant = F = Ne = 6.022 x 10 x 1.602 x 10 = 96,485 Coulombs/moleThe energy yield from a voltaic cell is given by the cell voltage times the number of moles of electrons transferred times the Faraday constant.
For the German Fatherland!
Flourish, German Fatherland!
In the English language, the days of the week are named after gods in Norse mythology, except for Saturday, which is named after a Roman god.
The telescope was launched in 1990 by a space shuttle.
When it entered orbit, everything seemed fine.
But there was a problem with the telescope that was not discovered until it started taking pictures.
In golf, a golfer plays a number of holes in a given order.
18 holes played in an order controlled by the golf course design, normally make up a game.
On a nine-hole course, two nine-hole rounds make up a normal game.
There are 7 months with 31 days.
There are 4 months with 30 days.
There is 1 month with 28 days.
In the Julian calendar, introduced by Julius Caesar in 45 BC, every 4 years there are 29 days in February, which is called a leap year.
This happens because every year is 365 and 1/4 days but instead of us having a spare quarter of a day in each year we add them all up every 4 years and make an extra day to avoid confusion and make things easier for everyone.
2009 (MMIX) was .
Gambling is a contest where a player bets on the result of an event.
The bet is generally in the form of money.
The rules and the amount of money bet have to be decided on before the event happens.
Electrons have the smallest electrical charge.
This electrical charge equals the charge of a proton, but has the opposite sign.
For this reason, electrons are attracted towards the protons in atomic nuclei.
This attraction makes electrons near a nucleus form an atom.
An electron has a mass of about 1/1836 times a proton.
The effects of electrons were known long before it could be explained.
The Ancient Greeks knew that rubbing amber against fur attracted small objects.
Now we know the rubbing strips off electrons, and that gives an electric charge to the amber.
Chile is divided into 16 regions.
The regions are then divided into provinces.
Each province is divided into communes.
There has been a few TV shows and a movie for the Mario series.
The name of the first TV show is The Super Mario Bros.
Super Show!
and the movie is called Super Mario Bros..
The TV show starred Captain Lou Albano as Mario, and the movie starred Bob Hoskins as Mario.
There have also been Mario toys sold in some places.
In a poll conducted in 2008, Mario was voted as the most popular video game character in Japan.
Galileo was born on 15 February 1564 in Pisa, Duchy of Florence.
He was the eldest of five siblings.
His father was Vincenzo Galilei, who was a scholar and a musician.
In 1574, the Galilei family moved to Florence and he started his formal education in the Camaldolese monastery.
People have been using metals for many purposes since prehistoric times.
During the 20th century, many people tried to establish workers' states.
In the late 1940s, China also had a revolution and created a new government with Mao Zedong as its leader.
In 1959, the island of Cuba had a revolution and created a new government with Fidel Castro as its leader.
At one time, there were many such countries, and it seemed as though communism would overtake capitalism.
However, communist party governments didn't use democracy.
Because of this, the governments became separated from the people, making communism difficult.
This also led to disagreements and splits between countries.
In Islam, the Quran refers to a bodily resurrection of all those who have died.
Historically, both South Korea and North Korea have the same set of values.
In 1945, the peninsula was divided.
Since then, the government of both North and South Korea were different.
This has led to different developments in both North and South Korea.
In 1940 Latvia became the Soviet republic was incorporated in Soviet Union.
In 1940 the country became a Soviet republic and joined to the Soviet Union.
Bush publicly supported Republican candidate John McCain during the 2008 presidential election, but Barack Obama won the election.
People believed that only living things could make organic compounds and dead things (such as minerals) could make inorganic compounds.
However, Friedrich Wöhler proved this wrong by synthesizing urea, a well-known organic compound.
Petroleum resource is limited and non-renewable.
Some believe it will run out within 70 years after a peak oil early in the 21st century.
Xenon gas is used in electron tubes, bactericidal lamps, trobe lamps, and lamps used to excite ruby lasers.
The 23 special wards of Tokyo are the same area that had been called Tokyo City.
On July 1, 1943, Tokyo City was merged with to become a special government area.
This made the wards different from other wards in Japan.
Other city wards are part of a larger city government, but these are not.
A plane is a surface such that, given any three distinct points on the surface, the surface also contains all of the straight lines that pass through any two of them.
Dioptrics.
Catoptrics.
On August 24, 1994, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) standardized the way they name this type of comet.
This system tells us which comet is which.
The IAU chose the letter P for periodic comets and D for periodic comets that were lost or which broke into pieces.
Many sports are played in water.
This is an incomplete list of structures taller tha|N|1,148 feet (350 m) under construction.
Please correct (by adding further one or by putting completed structures in the upper table, if current height is over 1,148 feet (350 m)).
The human penis exits the abdomen above the scrotum and hangs freely outside the body.
The main visible part is called the shaft.
The human penis is made up of three rod-shaped tissues.
It has two corpora cavernosa (special pieces of muscle) next to each other and a corpus spongiosum (spongy muscle) between them.
The length and thickness of the penis is different for different people.
The size of a soft penis (flaccid or not erect) is much smaller than when it is erect.
Some penises grow more when they get hard than other penises.
In most cases, whether a penis is big or small, it can still be used for sex.
It averages out to be around 3 to 6 inches long when not erect.
The average size of an erect human penis is between 13 – 16 cm (5.1– 6 in).
The average circumference of a penis is 12.3 cm (4.85 in) when fully erect.
The penis grows bigger during puberty.
At the start of puberty, the average length of the penis is .
The penis reaches adult size about 5 years later.
A study done in 1996 found the mean length of an adult man's penis is when it is not erect.
The average length of an erect penis is about .
A section of DNA that contains instructions to make a protein is called a gene.
Each gene has the sequence for at least one polypeptide.
Proteins form structures, and also form enzymes.
The enzymes do most of the work in cells.
Proteins are made out of smaller polypeptides, which are formed of amino acids.
To make a protein to do a particular job, the correct amino acids need to be joined up in the correct order.
The Communist Manifesto, written by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels in 1848, advocates for the overthrow of capitalist societies by the working class.
It emphasizes historical class struggles, predicts the inevitable rise of the proletariat, and calls for the abolition of private property.
The manifesto outlines the principles of communism, aiming for a classless society where the means of production are collectively owned.
Marx's Communist Manifesto, co-written with Engels, outlines the idea of a classless society, emphasizing the struggle between the bourgeoisie (owners) and proletariat (workers).
It advocates for the overthrow of the capitalist system to establish a communist society where the means of production are collectively owned.
The Earth's crust has 17 major, rigid tectonic plates.
These float on a hotter, softer layer in its mantle.
Volcanoes are often found where tectonic plates are coming together.
The Big Bang is a physical theory about how the universe started expanding, and then made the stars and galaxies we see today.
The Big Bang is the name that scientists use for the most common theory of the universe, from the very early stages to the present day.
The Sahel is facing a big problem, desertification.
A physical change is a type of change in which the form of matter is altered but one substance is not transformed into another.
The size or shape of matter may be changed, but no chemical reaction occurs.
As the years went on, Alzheimer's disease slowly destroyed Reagan's mental capacity.
He was only able to recognize a few people, including his wife, Nancy.
He remained active during his last years.
He took walks through parks near his home and on beaches, played golf regularly, and until 1999 he often went to his office in nearby Century City.
The speed of light was first measured in 1676 by the Danish astronomer Ole Christensen Roemer.
The speed of light was found to be very fast, but at a finite speed.
However, scientists found a problem when they tried to say that light always travelled at the same speed.
The scientists created a new idea, called the ether, which tried to explain light's speed.
The uncertainty principle says that the speed and the position of a particle cannot be found at the same time.
To find where a particle is, scientists shine light at the particle.
If a high frequency light is used, the light can find the position more accurately but the particle's speed will be unknown (because the light will change the speed of the particle).
If a lower frequency light is used, the light can find the speed more accurately but the particle's position will be unknown.
The uncertainty principle disproved the idea of a theory that was deterministic, or something that would predict everything in the future.
How light behaves is also talked more about in this chapter.
Some theories say that light acts like particles even though it really is made of waves; one theory that says this is Planck's quantum hypothesis.
A different theory also says that light waves also act like particles; a theory that says this is Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
Quarks are very small things that make up everything we see (matter).
There are six different flavors of quarks: the up quark, down quark, strange quark, charmed quark, bottom quark, and top quark.
Quarks also have three colors: red, green, and blue.
There are also anti-quarks, which are the opposite of the regular quarks.
In total, there are 18 different types of regular quarks, and 18 different types of anti quarks.
Quarks are known as the building blocks of matter because they are the smallest thing that make up all the matter in the universe.
All elementary particles (for example, the quarks) have something called spin.
The spin of a particle shows us what a particle looks like from different directions.
For example, a particle of spin 0 looks the same from every direction.
A particle of spin 1 looks different in every direction, unless the particle is spun completely around (360 degrees).
Hawking's example of a particle of spin 1 is an arrow.
A particle of spin two needs to be turned around halfway (or 180 degrees) to look the same.
The example given in the book is of a double-headed arrow.
There are two groups of particles in the universe: particles with a spin of 1/2, and particles with a spin of 0, 1, or 2.
All of these particles follow Pauli's exclusion principle.
Pauli's exclusion principle says that particles cannot be in the same place or have the same speed.
If Pauli's exclusion principle did not exist, then everything in the universe would look the same, like a roughly uniform and dense soup.
More acidic solutions have lower pH.
More alkaline solutions have higher pH.
Substances that aren't acidic or alkaline (that is, neutral solutions) usually have a pH of 7.
Christopher Columbus (1451-1506) was an Italian trader, explorer, and navigator.
He was born in Genoa, Italy, in the year 1451.
Christopher Columbus is the English version of Columbus's name.
His real name in Italian was Cristoforo Colombo.
On 15 November 2022, Tuvalu announced that it will become the first country in the world to build a replica of itself in the metaverse.
The country wants to preserve its cultural heritage by doing this.
A lot is known about Michelangelo's life because he left many letters, poems and journals.
Because he was so famous, he became the very first artist to have his biography (story of his life) published while he was still living.
His biographer, Giorgio Vasari, said that he was the greatest artist of the Renaissance.
He was sometimes called Il Divino (the divine one).
When it was finished, everyone that saw it said that the painting was a masterpiece.
But Leonardo had not used proper fresco for the painting.
He had used tempera over gesso, which is not usually used for wall painting.
Soon the painting started to grow mold and flake off the wall.
In a hundred years it was completely ruined.
Platinum is a soft, heavy, white metal.
It is a precious metal.
It usually costs more than gold.
The North Korean government told people of his death through the state media on 19 December 2011.
It was said that he had died two days earlier of physical and mental over-work.
Acanthite is a silver ore that is a silver compound.
After studying and designing for a long time, Engelbart succeeded in inventing an input device which he named 'XY index'.
At first, it needed two hands to use, but it was changed so that only one hand was needed to use it.
This model was more like the mouse that we use today, but was made up of a big ball that the user had to roll in different directions to move the cursor.
A metal starts as a block, called an ingot.
Metallurgists must know how to make a metal part from an ingot.
Parts are made from ingots different ways.
When a big hammer is used, it is called forging.
To make thin metals, a metal is put between two rolls and moved, called rolling.
There are two main types of coffee plants: coffea arabica and coffea robusta.
Arabica is the most common.
Most of the world's coffee is made from Arabica beans Robusta is easier to grow in places where Arabica will not grow.
He was born on 7 April 1944 in Mossenberg, North Rhine-Westphalia.
After school he learned retail sales in a Lemgo from 1958 to 1961.
He joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany in 1963 and became chairman of its youth organisation in 1978.
In 1986 he became a member of the State Parliament of Lower Saxony.
The problem is that recently, the greenhouse effect has become stronger.
This is because humans have been burning large amounts of fossil fuels, which releases carbon dioxide.
Since carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, it has caused the planet to warm over the past 150 years.
U.S.
officials continued to accuse Saddam of violating the Gulf War's cease-fire agreement, by developing weapons of mass destruction and other banned weapons, and by violating the UN-imposed sanctions and no-fly zones.
Isolated military strikes by U.S.
and British forces continued on Iraq, the largest being Operation Desert Fox in 1998.
Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent.
At about 30.3 million km2 (11.7 million square miles) including adjacent islands, it covers 6% of Earth's total surface area and 20% of its land area, accounting for about a fifth of the world's land.
With 1.3 billion people as of 2018, it accounts for about 16% of the world's human population.
It is surrounded by large areas of water.
There are 54 fully recognized and independent countries in Africa, and 14.7% (1.216 billion) of the world's population lives there.
It is thought to be the continent where the first humans evolved.
Most modern houses have special areas or rooms for people to do the things that they need to live comfortably.
A modern house has a place to cook food, a place to eat, places to sleep and a place to wash.
These things are usually done in separate rooms, which are called the kitchen, the sitting room, the bedrooms, the bathroom, the toilet (or lavatory).
Many houses have a separate dining room for eating meals and a separate laundry.
In some houses the toilet is in the bathroom, and in other houses it is separate.
Many houses may also have a study or computer room and a family room where the children can play games and watch television.
Modern houses are often made of pre-fabricated parts that are partly built in a factory, and are easy to put together at the site of the building.
This is most commonly due to an overflowing river, a dam break, snowmelt, or heavy rainfall.
Less commonly happening are tsunamis, storm surge.
Immanuel Kant was born on April 22, 1724.
In 1740 he entered the University of Königsberg and studied the philosophy of Gottfried Leibniz and his follower Christian Wolff.
He studied there until 1746 when his father died, then left Königsberg to take up a job as tutor.
He became the tutor of Count Kayserling and his family.
In 1755 Kant became a lecturer and stayed in this position until 1770.
He was made the second librarian of the Royal Library in 1766.
Kant was eventually given the Chair of Logic and Metaphysics at the University of Königsberg.
In his entire life Kant never travelled more than seventy miles from the city of Königsberg.
Kant died on February 12, 1804 with the final words Es ist gut (It is good).
After the French Revolution, he got out of the asylum, but in 1803 was declared mentally ill (and again was sent to the asylum).
He died in the asylum in Val-de-Marne in 1814 at the age of 74.
The Spree is a river in the north-east of Germany.
As one begins adding the terms in the series formula_2, one may notice that the sum gets closer and closer to 1, and will never exceed 1.
Aristotle (who is the source for much of what we know about Zeno) noted that as the distance (in the dichotomy paradox) decreases, the time to travel each distance gets exceedingly smaller and smaller.
Before 212 BCE, Archimedes had developed a method to get a finite answer for the sum of infinitely many terms which get progressively smaller (such as formula_3).
Some mathematicians, such as Carl Boyer, think that Zeno's paradoxes are just mathematical problems, for which modern calculus provides a mathematical solution.
The history of classical music really started in the late Middle Ages.
Music written for the church was almost always vocal (singing), because instruments were thought to be wicked.
This is because the devil played them, and because they were used for dancing.
There was a lot of dance music, but most of it is lost because it was never written down.
Atlanta is the capital and largest city of the U.S.
state of Georgia.
It is one of the South's largest cities.
Atlanta is known as a major business city.
It is the home of Coca-Cola Company, CNN, AT&T, and Home Depot, as well as many other Fortune 500 companies.
Atlanta's airport, called Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, is the busiest airport in the world.
Atlanta is near the center of Georgia and is on the Chattahoochee River.
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand.
Auckland is the largest city, with around 1 million people.
Vietnam is divided into 58 provinces.
There are also five city municipalities which have province authority.
A box is a container used to put things in.
It is mainly a cuboid (square) shape, but it can be other shapes too.
Boxes are usually made out of cardboard, wood, plastic or metal.
Many customs are things that people do that are handed down from the past and the Future.
Chennai (formerly known as Madras) is the capital city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It has a population of about 7 million people.
Almost 10% of all of the people in the state live in Chennai.
The city is the fourth largest city of India.
It was founded in 1661 by the British East India Company.
The city is on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal.
Chennai is connected by airways, railways and roads with all the major towns of the country.
Chennai railway station is connected with all the major railway stations of the country.
These include Delhi, Mumbai, Calcutta, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Cochin, Hyderabad, Lucknow, and Varanasi.
The seven islands that form Bombay were home to fishing colonies.
The islands were ruled by successive kingdoms and indigenous empires before Portuguese settlers took it.
Then, it went to the British East India Company.
During the mid-18th century, Bombay became a major trading town.
It became a strong place for the Indian independence movement during the early 20th century.
When India became independent in 1947, the city was put into Bombay State.
In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital.
It was renamed Mumbai in 1996.
Hillary learned at Tuakau Primary School and then Auckland Grammar School.
He finished primary school two years early, but he did not do very well at high school.
At first, he was smaller than other students there and very shy so he felt safe with his books and often thought of a life filled with adventure.
Every day, he rode a train to and from high school, and he often used this time to read.
Learning how to box helped him become more confident.
At age 16 his interest in climbing started during a school trip to Mount Ruapehu.
Although very tall at 6 ft 5 in (195 cm), he was stronger than many of his fellow hikers.
In 1903, they built a powered airplane that had propellers and a small engine.
The Wright Flyer airplane first flew successfully on December 17, 1903, near Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.
This was the first time people ever flew a powered airplane they could control.
Before that, people flew in balloons or gliders or, for a very short time, in planes they could not control.
The two brothers continued to make changes to their design and had a very good plane by 1905.
Darwin noticed that although young plants or animals are very similar to their parents, no two are exactly the same and there is always a range of shape, size, colour, and so on.
Some of these differences the plant or animal may have got from their own ancestors, but some are new and caused by mutations.
When such differences made an organism more able to live in the wild, it would have a better chance to survive, and would pass on its genes to its offspring, and they to their offspring.
Any difference that would cause the plant or animal to have less of a chance to live would be less likely to be passed on, and would eventually die out altogether.
In this way groups of similar plants or animals (called species) slowly change in shape and form so that they can live more successfully and have more offspring who will survive them.
So, natural selection had similarities to selective breeding, except that it would happen by itself, over a much longer time.
In his youth, he learned Greek, Latin and French.
He studied law in Leipzig from 1765 to 1768.
He also wrote some letters that are seen as beautiful, and that showed his promise as a writer.
He continued his studies in Strasbourg from 1770 to 1771.
He joined other young men who wanted to change the way that Germans were writing.
He thought that people like Johann Christoph Gottsched were too strict about writing poetry.
Instead of the ideas of the Enlightenment, he wanted poets to be creative and make their own rules.
Die Leiden des jungen Werthers (The Sufferings of Young Werther) is a book written in the form of letters.
Werther is a young man who falls passionately in love with a girl called Lotte who is married to someone else.
Werther kills himself in the end.
The book was very successful all over Europe.
People talked about “Werther fever.
Many young men who were disappointed in love copied Werther and killed themselves.
Two works of the greatest importance works occupied him at this time.
One is the novel Wilhelm Meisters Lehrjahre.
This is an example of what is called in German a “Bildungsroman which means something like “Education novel.
It means a novel which shows a person growing up and developing his character and learning about the world.
This book was a very important influence on the 19th century Romantic novel and on all German autobiographical novels ever since.
Goethe spent many years working on this book.
Many interesting things that Goethe said were written down in a book by his friend Eckermann, who published them in a book called Conversations with Goethe.
Goethe also wrote about his own life in his autobiography which he called Dichtung und Wahrheit (Poetry and Truth).
The book tells us about his youth up to the time of his arrival in Weimar.
It is in four parts.
The fourth part was published after his death.
He chose the title to show that he was telling us the truth about his life, but that he had changed the order of some events to make it into a poetic book.
Goethe’s Faust had made him the greatest person in European literature.
At the end of his life he finished a second part of Faust.
It is quite hard to read, and is more of a long poem than a dramatic play.
It talks of his ideas about allegory, science and philosophy.
Socrates made enemies, three of whom brought charges against him.
Socrates was tried for his life in 399 BC, found guilty, and put to death by drinking hemlock (a herbal poison).
The story of his trial and death is described by Plato in a book called the Apologia.
Most of what we know about Socrates comes from the works of Plato, who was his student.
Socrates lived in the Greek city of Athens.
His method of teaching was to have a dialogue with individual students.
They would propose some point of view, and Socrates would question them, asking what they meant.
He would pretend I don't know anything; I'm just trying to understand what it is you are saying, or words that basically meant that.
This is now called the Socratic method of teaching.
Dante Alighieri was born in 1265, between May 14 and June 13, under the name Durante Alighieri.
ca.
1450 (Uffizi Gallery).
His family was important in Florence, and supported the Papacy.
Not much is known about Dante's education, and it is presumed he studied at home.
It is known that he studied Tuscan poetry.
His interests brought him to discover the Occitan poetry of the troubadours and the Latin poetry of classical antiquity (with a particular devotion to Virgil).
She was bisexual.
When she was a teenager, she fell in love with Violet Dickinson and she wrote her lots of love letters.
Violet probably never loved her back.
Later, Virginia had a sexual relationship with Vita Sackville-West, a writer and a poet.
Their letters, which have been published, show how deeply they were in love.
The Bounty reached Tahiti on 25 October 1788.
She had been at sea for ten months.
The crew stayed for five months and lived on the island.
They collected 1015 breadfruit plants.
The crew were very happy living in Tahiti and Fletcher Christian fell in love with a Tahitian girl named Maimiti.
They did not want to have another long journey and go back to England.
When Jane's mother and father told her that Jane was going to get married, Jane refused.
She said that Guildford was ugly, stupid, and rude.
She also hated John Dudley.
When Jane refused, Frances and Henry swore at Jane and slapped her.
This did not work, so Frances gave Jane a brutal whipping.
Finally, Jane agreed.
Jane was told by her parents and John Dudley that she was queen.
She became sick with fright and fainted.
She did not want to take the crown.
Leonardo began painting the Mona Lisa in 1503 or 1504 in Florence, Italy.
According to Da Vinci's contemporary, Giorgio Vasari, ...after he had lingered over it four years, left it unfinished....
Don Davis made the score (orchestra part with violins and flutes).
United Airlines Flight 175, also a Boeing 767-200ER, was the second.
Like American Airlines 11, it was scheduled to fly from Boston to Los Angeles.
When United 175 took off at 8:14 a.m., it was even lighter than the American flight: Only 56 of 168 seats were filled.
When it crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center at 9:03 a.m., traveling , it had 9,118 gallons of fuel in its tanks.
This crash was broadcasted live on many television channels worldwide that were already showing the North Tower burning.
American Airlines Flight 77 was the third plane to take off.
It was a Boeing 757-200.
It left Washington, D.C.
at 8:20 a.m.
going to Los Angeles.
It was two-thirds empty, with 58 passengers in its 176 seats.
It was carrying 4,000 gallons of fuel, less than the 11,500 gallons it could carry.
It crashed into the Pentagon at 9:37 a.m., ­flying at .
After defeating the Taliban, President George W.
Bush thought the US should invade Iraq.
He believed that Iraq helped terrorist groups, including al-Qaeda.
He said he had evidence that Iraq was also making weapons of mass destruction.
He sent Secretary of State Colin Powell to the United Nations to show them some of the evidence.
In March, 2003, the United States began its invasion of Iraq.
(Four other countries also took part, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Poland, and Denmark).
The government of Iraq was overthrown, and the people of Iraq elected a new government.
No weapons of mass destruction were found in Iraq.
Venice is built on 118 small islands that are separated by 150 canals.
People cross the canals by many small bridges.
They can also navigate across the city on boats, both rowing boats and motor boats.
The most famous Venetian type of boat is called a gondola.
The buildings in Venice are very old and attractive, and tourists come from all over the world to see them and the canals.
This has made Venice one of the most famous cities in the world.
The most famous sights are the Rialto Bridge, St Mark's Basilica and the Doge's Palace.
Milan (Italian: Milano; ancient Medhelan Mediolanum (City in the middle of the lands)) is a city in northern Italy.
Milan is the capital of the Milano Provence and of the Lombardy Region.
It is populated by 1,371,498 inhabitants.
After she converted to the Jewish religion, Taylor worked for Jewish causes throughout her life.
Philip II of France built a castle called the Castle of the Louvre.
It used to be where the museum is.
They used the castle as a fortress to defend Paris against the Vikings.
In Homer's Iliad, one of the Oceanids.
In 1847 pioneer Jane Dillworth held the first classes in her tent for the children of the first LDS families.
In the last part of the 19th century, there was much controversy over how children in the area should be educated.
LDS and non-LDS parents could not agree on the level of religious influence in schools.
Today, many LDS youths in grades 9 through 12 attend some form of religious instruction, referred to as seminary.
Students are released from public schools at various times of the day to attend seminary.
LDS seminaries are usually located on church-owned property adjacent to the public school and within walking distance.
Barcelona was for a long time an industrial city.
Currently, factories have been moved to the periphery, a fact that has allowed us to transform the former industrial neighbourhoods in the residential areas, from research to products with high added value and services.
The most representative industrial sectors of Barcelona are the textile industry, chemical, pharmaceutical, automotive, electronics, medical Industry and printing.
Services Barcelona stands out for its logistics activities, publishing and computer.
The closing ceremony of the Olympic Games takes place after all sporting events have concluded.
Flag-bearers from each participating country enter the stadium.
They are followed by the athletes who enter together without any national distinction.
Three national flags are hoisted while the corresponding national anthems are played.
The flag of Greece to honor the birthplace of the Olympic Games.
The flag of the current host country.
The flag of the country hosting the next Summer or Winter Olympic Games is also flown.
The president of the organizing committee and the IOC president make their closing speeches.
The Games are officially closed and the Olympic flame is put out.
In what is known as the Antwerp Ceremony (as this tradition was started in Antwerp), the mayor of the city that organized the Games transfers a special Olympic flag to the president of the IOC.
The president then passes it on to the mayor of the city hosting the next Olympic Games.
Beginning in the 1970s, amateurism requirements were gradually phased out of the Olympic Charter.
After the 1988 Games, the IOC decided to make all professional athletes eligible for the Olympics, subject to the approval of the IFs.
Coca-Cola was first sold in bottles in Atlanta on March 12, 1894 with actual cocaine content.
It was first sold in cans in 1955.
During the first year, sales were about only nine drinks per day. Dr.
Pemberton did not think he could make a lot of money with the drink he invented, so he sold parts of his business to different people.
Just before he died in 1888, he sold the rest of his Coca-Cola business to Asa G.
Candler. Mr.
Candler, together with some other businessmen, started the Coca-Cola Company.
Christians disagree about the ‘Apocrypha’.
Others point out that the ‘Apocrypha’ was in every Christian Bible until 1828.
Sodium was discovered by Sir Humphrey Davy, an English scientist, in 1807.
He created it by electrolyzing sodium hydroxide.
Davy named the element after soda, a name for sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate.
Scientists can use it in the creation of organic compounds.
People also use it in orange streetlights and lamps that emit ultraviolet light.
Sodium compounds are used in soaps, toothpaste, baking, and antacids.
Sodium is normally made by electrolysis of sodium chloride, which is mined from the Earth's crust.
There are many different types of dice.
Some dice have different numbers of sides.
These are called polyhedral dice.
They are used in some games like Dungeons & Dragons.
In Washington's farewell address in 1796, he warned the country not to divide into political parties and not to get involved in wars outside of the United States.
Washington's non-intervention foreign policy was supported by most Americans for over one hundred years.
His advice to avoid political parties was completely ignored, as parties were already active.
When Lincoln was seven years old, his family moved to Indiana.
Later they moved to Illinois.
In his childhood he helped his father on the farm, but when he was 22 years old he left home and moved to New Salem, Illinois, where he worked in a general store.
Later, he said that he had gone to school for just one year, but that was enough to learn how to read, write, and do simple math.
When he was 21, he worked on a flatboat that carried freight.
In 1842, he married Mary Todd.
They had four children, but three of them died when they were very young.
Lincoln started his political career in 1832 when he ran for the Illinois General Assembly, but he lost the election.
He served as a captain in the Illinois militia during the Black Hawk War, a war with Native American tribes.
When he moved to Springfield in 1837, he began to work as a lawyer.
Soon, he became one of the most highly respected lawyers in Illinois.
In 1846, Lincoln joined the Whig Party and was elected to one term in the House of Representatives.
After that, he ignored his political career and instead worked as a lawyer.
In 1854, in reaction to the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act, Lincoln became involved in politics again.
He joined the Republican Party, which had recently been formed in opposition to the expansion of slavery.
In 1858, he wanted to become senator.
He ran for senate against Stephen A.
Douglas.
Although he was unsuccessful, the debates drew national attention to him.
With the Emancipation Proclamation begun on January 1, 1863, Lincoln ordered the freedom of all slaves in those states still in rebellion during the American Civil War.
It did not actually immediately free all those slaves however, since those areas were still controlled by the rebelling states of the Confederacy.
Only a small number of slaves already behind Union lines were immediately freed.
As the Union army advanced, nearly all four million slaves were effectively freed.
Some former slaves joined the Union army after 1862.
President Franklin Roosevelt and St.
Louis Mayor Bernard Dickmann both wanted Stark to win.
Truman had a hard time getting money.
Most people thought he would lose.
However, about a month before the primary election, the railroad unions said that they wanted Truman to win.
Then, two days before primary election day, Bernard Dickmann also said that he wanted Truman to win.
The word cattle is used for some wild animals as well as for domesticated cattle.
Wild cattle include the water buffalo from South East Asia, the musk ox and yak from Central Asia, the bison of North America and Europe and the African buffalo.
The last aurochs, wild cattle of Europe, were killed in Masovia, Poland in 1627.
Cattle are very useful animals.
Their flesh can be eaten as meat.
Their milk can be drunk and turned into cheese and yoghurt.
Their skin can be used as leather.
They can pull carts and plows.
They can make the power to turn flour mills or pump water.
The food that they eat is not expensive, and often not in competition with what people eat.
Cows can be milked by hand, but in many countries where there are large dairies, the cows are milked by a milking machine.
The milk is collected in a large stainless steel container where it undergoes pastuerization, a process that heats milk to a very high temperature to kill any bacteria that are living in the milk.
The milk is then taken by truck to a milk or dairy factory to be made into the milk we drink by being separated to remove most of the cream.
It is then put into bottles or cartons to be sold.
Some milk is also turned into cheese, ice cream, butter, cream and even yogurt.
All of these dairy products are packaged or put into cartons or bottles and sold.
Until the mid 20th century, beef cattle were often sent to market on the hoof.
Cowboys or drovers would herd the cattle along the roads or on trails to the cattle markets in big towns or cities, or to railway stations where they would be loaded and shipped to these towns or cities.
In Australia, sometimes the cattle would travel for hundreds of miles along roads known as 'Traveling Stock Routes'.
Big herds would have thousands of 'heads of cattle'.
(Cattle are counted by the head).
Nowadays cattle are usually sent to the market in huge lorries known as road-trains.
In North America, cattle are sent to auction marts, slaughter plants or other farms or ranches by large semi-trucks called cattle liners.
An ox is over four years old and grown to full size when it begins to work.
Oxen are used for pulling plows and wagons, for hauling heavy loads like logs or for powering different machines such as mills and irrigation pumps.
A friend is a person whom one knows and with whom one has mutual affection, typically not including sexual relationship or family relations.
Thunder is a very loud sound that is made sometimes during a very big rain storm.
Thunder is so loud, it can be heard from a very far distance.
Thunder is made when lightning strikes.
Middle is between up and down and is between left and right.
Far means that something is a long way away from you.
Near means it is close to you.
Things can also be near and far other persons and other things.
The position of a person is his status or responsibility in a community or group of people.
It is called rank in the army.
The Religious Society of Friends is a group with Christian roots that began in England in the 1650s.
The group's formal title is the Society of Friends, or the Religious Society of Friends.
Direction follows an imaginary line connecting two points.
The program was first released in 1981.
Many of the ideas and features in Microsoft Word came from Bravo, the first graphical writing program.
Microsoft bought the Bravo program, and changed its name to Microsoft Word.
When it first came out, it was not very popular, and did not sell as well as other writing programs like WordPerfect.
The first workers to hatch are weak and smaller than later workers, but they begin to serve the colony immediately.
They enlarge the nest, forage for food and care for the other eggs.
This is how new colonies start in most species.
Species that have multiple queens may have a queen leaving the nest along with some workers to found a colony at a new site, a process akin to swarming in honeybees.
Knives are better than scissors for some uses.
Unlike a knife, scissors have two sharp edges.
At Gloucester Cathedral the Perpendicular East Window is said to be as large as a tennis court.
There are three very famous large chapels in this style- King's College Chapel, Cambridge; St.
George's Chapel at Windsor Castle; Henry VII's Chapel at Westminster Abbey.
The other famous example is Bath Abbey.
Different building materials were found in different parts of Europe.
This is one of the differences in the architecture between different places.
The thing that makes English cathedrals different from the others is that they are long, and look horizontal, like big ocean liners.
In the territory of the Holy Roman Empire, the towers and spires are often enormously large.
Sometimes they are so big that it was impossible to finish them until modern times.
The spires are quite different to English spires because they are made of lacy openwork.
Italian Gothic cathedrals use lots of colour, both outside and inside.
On the outside, the facade is often decorated with marble.
On the inside, the walls are often painted plaster.
The columns and arches are often decorated with bright coloured paint.
There are also mosaics with gold backgrounds and beautifully tiled floors is geometric patterns.
In the Greek Orthodox Church, the terms kathedrikos naos (literally: cathedral shrine) and metropolis (literally mother city) are both used to describe the same thing.
Metropolis is more common, but both terms are officially used.
The story of Saint George and the Dragon symbolizes good winning over evil.
Compare Book of Revelation chapters 12-13.
Saint Andrew is one of the twelve apostles of Jesus and the patron saint of Scotland, Romania, Ukraine and several other countries.
He was crucified on a cross that was turned sideways to look like an X.
The Saint Andrew's flag is the official flag of Scotland.
Yeovil is a town in the county of Somerset.
It is in the South Somerset District.
Yeovil takes its name from the River Yeo.
Yeo Village became Yeovil over time.
Yeovil is where the council is based for the district of South Somerset.
The town's main employers are GKN Westlands Helicopters.
Before movable type, people used block printing, where the printer prints a whole page from one piece of metal or wood.
With movable type, the printer makes a letter (A, B, C ..).
from a piece of metal or wood, and can use it again and again in different words.
Together, all Gutenberg's inventions made printing fast.
In Renaissance Europe, the improved information technology made an information explosion – in a short time, people printed many new books about many topics.
Kidman's first movie was in 1983.
It was called BMX Bandits.
Her first famous movie was Dead Calm in 1989.
Jackman married Deborra-Lee Furness in 1996 in Melbourne.
The couple adopted a son and daughter.
The two separated in September 2023.
Jackman has been described as one of the world's most attractive man, by various media outlets and his perceived sex appeal has been picked up by many sources, including Empire, who named him one of the sexiest stars in movie history and People, who named him one of the World's Most Beautiful People.
In 2008 Jackman won People<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Sexiest Man Alive.
Que Dieu protège le Roi !
In 2000, they became the first Turkish club to win both the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup in the same year.
G is the 7th (number 7) letter in the English alphabet (or Latin alphabet).
RNA interference is an important innate defence against viruses.
Many viruses have a replication strategy that involves double-stranded RNA (dsRNA).
When such a virus infects a cell, it releases its RNA molecule.
A protein complex called dicer sticks to it and chops the RNA into pieces.
Then a biochemical pathway, called the RISC complex, starts up.
This attacks the viral mRNA, and the cell survives the infection.
Biochemistry is the study of chemical reactions in living beings, and of biological molecules in general.
It is important to cell biology and physiology.
The study of biochemistry involves enzymes, nucleic acids, carbohydrates, sugars, proteins, and lipids.
In the body, most of the molecules are polymers built of long chains of smaller molecules.
Biochemistry studies the chemical transformations which produce these small building-block molecules, and which produce energy from food.
A person who studies biochemistry is called a biochemist.
In 1968, the Pathēt Lao was pushed to the side by the NVA, and the NVA did the fighting.
In January 1968 the Laotian forces, supported by the U.S.
military, lost the Battle of Nam Bac.
(In January, North Vietnam sent their 316th Division towards the Nam Bac valley; The 7 best military units of Laos, stayed at a military base there; The base was lost).
The Royal Laotian Army did not have much military power for the next years; Units larger than battalion, were broken up.
The authorities of Laos pulled out of the conflict.
Laos is divided in 16 provinces and one prefecture.
If an object is lifted a certain distance from the surface from the Earth, the force experienced is caused by weight and height.
Electric potential energy is experienced by charges both different and alike, as they repel or attract each other.
Charges can either be positive (+) or negative (-), where opposite charges attract and similar charges repel.
Elastic potential energy is experienced when a rubbery material is pulled away or pushed together.
A spring for example stores elastic potential energy.
The amount of potential energy the material has depends on the distance pulled or pushed.
The longer the distance pushed, the greater the elastic potential energy the material has.
Removal tools have been developed to assist users in clearing out these unwanted programs.
It seems that the idea of an alphabet – a script based entirely upon sound – has been copied and adapted to suit many different languages.
Although no alphabet fits its language perfectly, they are flexible enough to fit any language approximately.
The alphabet was a unique invention.
New York University, also known as NYU, is a research university in New York City.
It is the largest private university in the United States, and is highly regarded in the nation as well as around the world.
In 2020, it was ranked as the 11th best university in the United States by the QS World University Rankings: USA, and as the 28th best university in the world by U.S.
News & World Report.
In addition, NYU is highly ranked in the fields of Law, Medicine, Mathematics, Business, Psychology, Communications, Performing Arts, Film, Economics, and Philosophy.
NYU is one of the places where 5G was created, as well as where many of the foundations of modern electromagnetic theory were discovered.
It is unclear whether this system is necessary for eusociality.
The trade winds are the prevailing pattern of easterly surface winds found in the tropics, within the lower portion of the Earth's atmosphere.
They occur in the lower section of the troposphere near the Earth's equator.
The trade winds blow predominantly from the northeast in the Northern Hemisphere.
They blow from the southeast in the Southern Hemisphere.
They are stronger during the winter and when the Arctic oscillation is in its warm phase.
Trade winds have been used by captains of sailing ships to cross the world's oceans for centuries.
They enabled European empire expansion into the Americas.
They also allowed trade routes to become established across the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
After Independence, the president of Singapore was Yusof Ishak and its prime minister was Lee Kuan Yew.
The legal system of Singapore is based on English common law, however with large and important local differences.
Trial by jury was removed in 1970 leaving judicial judgement done completely and only by judgeship.
Singapore has laws that include corporal punishment in the form of caning for rape, rioting, vandalism, and some immigration crimes.
There is a mandatory death penalty for murder, and for certain drug-trafficking and firearms offences.
In a 2008 survey, international business executives believed Singapore had the best judicial system in Asia.
According to Eutropius, around sixty or more men participated in the assassination.
He was stabbed 23 times.
According to Suetonius, a physician later established that only one wound, the second one to his chest, had been lethal.
Hinduism is diverse.
Basically it depends on individuals choice and that's why sometimes Hinduism is referred to as henotheistic (i.e., involving devotion to a single god while accepting the existence of others), but this is an over generalization.
Atheism is rejecting the belief in a God or gods.
Atheism was first used to describe an openly positive belief in late 18th-century Europe, meaning disbelief in the monotheistic Abrahamic god.
Today, about 2.3% of the world's population describes itself as atheist.
About 11.9% is described as nontheist.
Strong atheism is the certain belief that no god exists.
An older way of saying strong atheism is to say positive atheism.
Weak atheism is all other forms of not believing in a god or gods.
An older way of saying weak atheism is to say negative atheism These terms have been used more in philosophical writing and in Catholic beliefs.
since at least 1813.
The lack of proof that god does not exist does not mean that there is no god, but it also does not mean that there is a god.
Scottish philosopher J.J.C.
Smart says that sometimes a person who is really an atheist may describe herself, even passionately, as an agnostic because of unreasonable generalised philosophical skepticism which would preclude us from saying that we know anything whatever, except perhaps the truths of mathematics and formal logic.
In everyday life, many people define natural phenomena without the need of a god or gods.
They do not deny the existence of one or more gods, they simply say that this existence is not necessary.
Gods do not provide a purpose to life, nor influence it, according to this view.
At home, Nixon put many reforms into law.
He created the Environmental Protection Agency, supported anti-drug laws, supported anti-crime laws, and supported anti-discrimination laws.
When inflation (meaning the value of money goes down and prices go up) was high, he ordered that prices should be frozen for 90 days.
Although, he was known as a conservative Republican before he became president, while he was president, he supported some of the liberal ideas that Democrats supported.
In 1974, Nixon made a speech that outlined a plan for universal health care.
Nixon's second vice president, Gerald Ford, gave Nixon a pardon of any crimes Nixon committed during Watergate.
Ford wanted to end the crisis as quickly as possible, because the nation faced more important problems.
Many people blamed Ford for letting Nixon go free, and voted against him when he ran in the 1976 election.
David Hume (7 May 1711 – 25 August 1776) was a philosopher and historian from Scotland.
When he was still alive, people thought of him as a historian.
He wrote a series of large books called The History of England.
But today, people think of Hume as an important philosopher.
Hume was also skeptical about religion.
He was not a religious person and religious people did not like his opinions.
He did not believe in miracles.
He said that suicide wasn't always wrong, but never said whether or not he believed in God.
In 1776, when he was dying, his friends found him very calm about death, despite him not believing in an Afterlife.
Today, Hume's books are very important to philosophers who are interested in religion.
Starch glues are used in wood, cotton, and bonding of paper.
Animals and humans have amylase, so they can digest starch.
Thomas Hobbes (5 April 1588 – 4 December 1679) was a philosopher from England.
His most famous book is Leviathan (1651).
Hobbes mainly wrote about government and law—he was a political philosopher.
He tried to show that the best kind of government has one in which society was organised under one authority.
All individuals in that society give up some rights for the sake of protection.
There is no doctrine of separation of powers in Hobbes's discussion.
According to him, the sovereign power must control civil, military, judicial, and ecclesiastical powers.
The oldest big book on the history of Trevi is Historia universale dello Stato temporale ed ecclesiastico di Trevi, 1233 pages, by Durastante Natalucci, Trevi, 1745.
It was translated into a more modern and readable Italian by Carlo Zenobi, a local historian, between 1987 and 1994.
A picture, also called an image, is a group of coloured points on a flat surface that looks the same as something else.
For example, a picture can look the same as an object or a person.
Pictures can also be drawings, paintings or photographs.
People who make such pictures are called artists, photographers or painters.
Pictures are very helpful.
Sometimes people say pictures are worth a thousand words.
Pictures and diagrams can be used to explain how to do things, and thus a picture is a kind of tool.
A moment captured in an image.
Some people make pictures that do not look flat, by taking two regular flat pictures at the same time.
People have to move their eyes in a special way or use a stereoscope so they can see both pictures together.
When they look at the pictures using their binocular vision correctly, the picture does not look flat.
This is called '3D' or 'three dimensional'.
The term newt has traditionally been used as a functional term for salamanders living in water, and not a systematic unit.
The relationship between the genera has been uncertain, though they may be a natural systematic unit.
Newer molecular analysis tend to suggest they actually do form a clade.
Newts only appear in one subfamily of salamanders, the Pleurodelinae (of the family Salamandridae).
Most salamanders and newts have some defence against predators, usually a poison which makes them uneatable.
Their bright colours are warning colouration.
If, instead, they are camouflaged, this means they are probably not protected by a toxin.
Like much else in the game, the idea of duplicate play was invented for whist.
At whist drives North/South pairs sat in the same positions throughout, East/West pairs moved up the series of tables and boards moved down.
This simple movement was invented in the 19th century.
The first game of duplicate whist was organised by Cavendish in London 1857, but it was not followed up.
It was played in Chicago in 1880, and the first book about it was written in 1891 by John T.
Mitchell.
His simple method is known as the Mitchell movement.
After the revolution Trotsky left Russia for his own safety.
In 1917, he returned to Russia because of the Russian Revolution.
He helped to bring about communism in Russia and defend it during the Russian Civil War.
He was in charge of the army at this time.
When the leader of the Bolsheviks (the party who led the revolution) Vladimir Lenin died, Trotsky became involved in a power struggle with Joseph Stalin for the leadership of the party.
He lost, and Stalin came to power.
He had to leave Russia because of Stalin, who was now his own enemy and wanted to harm Trotsky.
In 1938 Trotsky founded the Fourth International.
Stalin had one of his spies, Spaniard Ramón Mercarder, stab Trotsky to death in Mexico in 1940 who was ordered by Lavrentiy Beria .
The International's permanent executive and information body was the International Socialist Bureau (ISB).
It was located in Brussels and formed after the International's Paris Congress of 1900.
Emile Vandervelde and Camille Huysmans of the Belgian Labour Party were its chair and secretary.
Vladimir Lenin was a member from 1905.
A large number of Devon placenames include (or are) the word combe (e.g.
Ilfracombe).
This word comes from the Brythonic (Celtic) language and is like the Welsh word cwm.
Another typical Devon word is tor which is also Brythonic, and like the Welsh word twr.
On the same route to the Town Hall a man, also from the Black Hand, called Cabrinovic threw a bomb at the car injuring lots of Ferdinand's staff but he failed to kill the Archduke himself so he tried to swallow cyanide and jump into the river Miljacka but failed to die and got arrested.
The Archduke was shocked but headed to the Town Hall anyway and did his speech whilst the paper was covered in the blood of his assistant who was injured in the bomb.
After his speech he decided to go to the hospital to visit the 20 people injured in the bomb.
As the driver took a turn to head to the hospital Princip jumped out and shot Sophie in the abdomen who collapsed and died instantly then shot the Archduke in his neck and in his leg.
He died on the way to the hospital.
Ferdinand's last words were “Sophie!Sophie!Don’t die!For our children!
Edmonton is the capital city of Alberta.
In 2008, there were about 1,102,000 people in the Edmonton area.
The upright style has a straight trunk that points up.
Its branches are big at the bottom and small at the top.
The informal style has curves in the trunk.
Its branches are also larger at the bottom and smaller at the top.
The slanted-style bonsai trunk does not point straight up like the upright style.
The trunk comes out of the soil at an angle and points to the left or right.
The cascade-style bonsai look like trees that grow out over water or on the sides of mountains.
The tip of the tree is low, and may even fall below the base of the pot.
The broom style has a trunk that is straight and upright.
Branches stick out in all directions from about 1/3 of the way up the trunk.
The or group planting has several trees in one pot or on a flat slab of rock.
The level area surrounding the hill is called the Plain of Arafat.
The term Mount Arafah is sometimes applied to this entire area.
It is an important place in Islam because during the Hajj, pilgrims spend the afternoon there on the ninth day of Dhul Hijjah (ذو الحجة).
Failure to be present in the plain of Arafat on the required day invalidates the pilgrimage.
Syria was part of the United Arab Republic with Egypt in 1958-1961.
Syria had some wars with Israel and some territories like the Golan Plateau were occupied by Israel.
The meaning of the word has remained unchanged for all these centuries.
There is even a saying, going back to 1892, Once a synonym, always a synonym.
The three types of neutrinos change into each other over time, so an electron neutrino could turn into a muon or tau neutrino and then back again.
This is called neutrino oscillation.
This oscillation was suggested when then number of electron neutrinos from the Sun was measured in the 1960s, and the amount was only about a third of what theories at the time said there should be.
The result of neutrino oscillation is that most of the electron neutrinos made in the Sun change to another type of neutrino .
There are four different types of phrasal verbs.
Popocatépetl (also called El popo or Don Goyo) is an active volcano.
The volcano is the second highest mountain in Mexico after Pico de Orizaba (5,610m).
It is high .
around January or February 1945, while in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, she discovered Anne was walking emaciated and wrapped in a single blanket.
When she asked her where her clothes were, Anne claimed she had thrown them away because lice were crawling all over them.
Anne then told Janny to also organize something for her sister Margot because she was gravely ill.
She promised Anne to organize some clothing for her and organize something for Margot, and gave Anne some morsels of bread, before she left.
Simón Bolívar (1783 - 1830) was a Venezuelan military and political leader.
He was born in Caracas, Venezuela.
He liberated many colonies from the Spanish Empire in South America.
Those colonies included Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia.
For a few years he was president of Gran Colombia, a country that no longer exists.
The country Bolivia is named after Simón Bolívar.
If the lengths of the legs are a and b, and the length of the hypotenuse is c, then, formula_1.
At his farewell game, Oliver Kahn was declared honorary captain of Bayern Munich.
The players below are part of the FC Bayern Munich Hall of Fame.
Inter is the same root word as in the words interaction, interface and so on, and it means between or to each other; lingua means language.
They chose the name Interlingua because they wanted it to be used for people of different countries to talk to each other easily.
Because Interlingua was made by people to be easy, it is easier than natural languages to learn.
Azerbaijan was historically part of Iran and the name of Azerbaijan comes from Atropates.
He was a Persian satrap under the Achaemenid Empire.
Most scripts specify some blocking.
The Director will also give instructions on blocking, such as crossing the stage or picking up and using a prop.
Theatre actors need to learn stage combat, which is simulated fighting on stage.
Actors may have to simulate hand-to-hand [fighting] or with sword[-fighting].
Actors are coached by fight directors, who help them to learn the choreographed sequence of fight actions.
He wrote a book on algebra named Al-Jabr Wal' Muqibla.
In this book, he introduced his own number system and also introduced Arabic numerals.
His books were translated into Greek and Latin.
They named his books So said Algorizmi.
The word algorithm is derived from the word Algorizmi.
The word algebra comes from the word al-jabr that is at the beginning of the title of the book.
The baseball field, or diamond, has two main parts, the infield and the outfield.
The infield is where the four bases are.
The outfield is beyond the bases, from the view of home plate.
The lines from home plate to first base and home plate to third base are the foul lines, and the ground outside of these lines is called foul territory.
A ball that is hit with a bat and flies between the foul lines is a fair ball, and the batter and runners can try and run around the bases and score.
A ball that is outside the foul lines is a foul ball.
If the ball hits the ground in the foul area rather than being caught in the air, the batter continues to bat, and any runners must return to the base that they were on before the ball was hit.
If the batter has fewer than two strikes, a foul ball counts as a strike.
If the batter already has two strikes, and the foul ball is not caught in the air, then the batter continues to hit.
If a ball is caught by a fielder in fair or foul ground, the batter is out.
Birmingham manufacturing industry played a big role in the war effort in World War I and World War II.
The WWII spitfire aeroplane was made in Birmingham.
In 2000, a statue of stylised spitfires was erected next to the old factory site.
The factory now makes Jaguar cars.
Richmond () is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia, in the United States.
It is an independent city and not part of any county.
The population within the city limits was 226,610 in 2020, with a population of 1,314,434 for the Richmond Metropolitan Area — making it the third largest in Virginia.
Richmond is at the fall line of the James River, south of Washington DC, east of Charlottesville, Virginia, and west of Williamsburg, Virginia.
Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the city is at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64, and encircled by Interstate 295 and Virginia State Route 288.
Richmond began as an important village of the Powhatan Confederacy, and was briefly settled by English colonists from Jamestown in 1609, and in 1610–11.
English settlers returned to found a permanent town in 1737.
It became the capital of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia in 1780.
During the Revolutionary War period, the city was known for Patrick Henry's Give me liberty or give me death speech in 1775 at St.
John's Church, and the passage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom written by Thomas Jefferson.
During the American Civil War, Richmond served as the capital of the Confederate States of America.
The city entered the 20th century with one of the world's first successful electric streetcar systems.
Tutankhamun was the son of Akhenaten and one of Akhenaten's sisters, or perhaps one of his cousins, Kiya.
The Egyptian people believed that Anubis helped decide the fate of the dead in the afterlife.
The heart of the dead was weighed against the feather of truth (representing the goddess Ma'at), to see if the deceased was worthy of entering the afterlife.
If the person had lived an evil life, his or her heart would be heavy with evil, and he or she would be eaten by Ammit (the Devourer).
If a person was kind and good, the heart would be light, he or she could continue on to the afterlife safe and sound to meet Osiris.
Atum was the creator of everything in ancient Egyptian mythology.
He represented the very first history; nothing existed yet except for him.
According to the myth, he rose up out of the chaotic waters of Nu and used his own female side to create Shu (air) and Tefnut (moisture).
For a while, his two children were lost at sea.
Atum sent his removable eye, the Udjat Eye, to go look for them.
When they returned, Atum cried tears of joy.
Where these tears hit the ground is where men formed.
Out of the two elements water and air, the other gods and goddesses were born.
The Egyptians believed he was the father of all the gods.
He was born in Boyacá, Colombia.
When he was 8 years old he ran away from home and he joined the army.
He won many medals and in 1902 he became general.
In 1900 he lost an arm when he fired a cannon.
The area of the today's Czechia was a part of Czechoslovakia (current area of Czechia and Slovak republic) from 1918 to 1992.
Czechoslovakia became independent in 1918 from Austro-Hungarian Empire.
The first Czechoslovakian president was Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk.
In February 1948 the Communist party took over the country and for the next 41 years Czechoslovakia was a Socialist state with a rule of one (Communist) party.
In 1968 there was a reformation movement (Prague Spring) within the Communist party, but reforms were stopped by the invasion of Warsaw pact armies.
In November 1989 Czechoslovakia returned to democracy through the peaceful Velvet Revolution.
Czechoslovakia peacefully split into two countries (Czechia and Slovakia) in 1993.
A graph is a picture designed to express words, particularly the connection between two or more quantities.
You can see a graph on the right.
The pilot brought the Portuguese men to the city of Calicut on the southwest coast of India on May 20, 1498.
Vasco da Gama was in danger because of a conflict with the ruler of Calicut.
However, he escaped and returned to Portugal in September 1499.
A few of his Portuguese sailors stayed in Calicut.
Concrete is used to make pavements, pipe, architectural structures, dams, foundations, motorways, bridges, multi-story parking, walls, footings for gates, fences and poles and even boats.
The Holy Roman Empire (; ), occasionally but unofficially referred to as the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation, was a polity in Western and Central Europe under the rule of an Emperor, who was elected by the princes and the magistrates of its regions and cities.
The Burgundy region has a population, in 2012, of 1,641,130, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Dive bombers were numerous in World War II.
They attacked surface targets including tanks and ships.
Huntingdon is a town in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.
It stands on the River Ouse near the A1, a major road in England.
Huntingdon also has the largest meadow in England; Portholme Meadow.
There are many small villages in Huntingdon, it has a high street and a main supermarket.
The A14 runs through it.
At first the instrument was called the “fortepiano.
This means “loud-soft in Italian.
It was given this name because it could be played either loudly or softly, depending on how hard the note was hit (the harpsichord could not do this, and the clavichord could only make a tiny difference between louder and softer).
Later this name changed to “pianoforte.
This is normally shortened to “piano.
The word “fortepiano is sometimes used to describe the pianos of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.
In some languages, such as Russian, “fortepiano is the normal word for a piano.
The damper pedal is the most important pedal, and so many composers often write down in a piece of music when the pianist should press and when he or she should let go of the damper pedal.
In most classical music, there is a sign that says Ped.
where the pedal should be pressed, and one that looks like an asterisk where the pedal should be let go.
Pedal marks can also appear as a straight line under the staff.
Often, the pianist will let go of the pedal and press it again right away; this is called changing pedal.
Sometimes, the music will simply say con pedale, which in Italian means with pedal.
It means that the damper pedal should be used, but the pianist should know when to change the pedal.
Yinsen and Stark secretly build a heavy suit of armor which they plan to use to escape.
However, during the escape, Yinsen dies so that the kidnappers will be distracted from Stark escaping.
Stark escapes safely and goes back to America.
He makes a better suit and uses it to fight evil.
He was quickly snapped up by Benetton and finished in 5th place at the Italian Grand Prix.
The Yokohama port was created in the middle of the 19th century for foreigners.
It was five ports opened to foreign countries who demanded that Japan open its ports.
And Yokohama was the nearest port to Tokyo, which was then called Edo.
There are some that are uber 1337...using nothing but symbols and numbers to represent their letters...
Wavelength and frequency (the number of times the wave crests per second) are inversely proportional, which means a longer wavelength will have a lower frequency, and vice versa.
If the color of the light is infrared (lower in frequency than red light), each photon can heat up what it hits.
So, if a strong infrared lamp (a heat lamp) is pointed at a person, that person will feel warm, or even hot, because of the energy stored in the many photons.
The surface of the infrared lamp may even get hot enough to burn someone who may touch it.
The mathematical equations of quantum mechanics are abstract, which means it is impossible to know the exact physical properties of a particle (like its position or momentum) for sure.
Instead, a mathematical function called the wavefunction provides information about the probability with which a particle has a given property.
For example, the wavefunction can tell you what the probability is that a particle can be found in a certain location, but it can't tell you where it is for sure.
Because of this uncertainty and other factors, you cannot use classical mechanics (the physics that describe how large objects move) to predict the motion of quantum particles.
A=q(n←n-a)*p(n-a←n-b)+q(n←n-b)*p(n-b←n-b)+q(n←n-c)*p(n-c←n-b)+...
B=q(n-a←n-a)*p(n-a←n-c)+q(n-a←n-b)*p(n-b←n-c)+q(n-a←n-c)*p(n-c←n-c)+...
In the early days of quantum mechanics, Albert Einstein suggested that if it were right then quantum mechanics would mean that there would be spooky action at a distance.
It turned out that quantum mechanics was right, and that what Einstein had used as a reason to reject quantum mechanics actually happened.
This kind of spooky connection between certain quantum events is now called quantum entanglement.
Even Albert Einstein had trouble accepting such a bizarre concept, and in a well-known debate said, God does not play dice.
Quantum mechanics is the part of physics that can explain why all electronic technology works as it does.
Thus quantum mechanics explains how computers work, because computers are electronic machines.
But the designers of the early computer hardware of around 1950 or 1960 did not need to think about quantum mechanics.
The designers of radios and televisions at that time did not think about quantum mechanics either.
However, the design of the more powerful integrated circuits and computer memory technologies of recent years does require quantum mechanics.
A dictatorship is a form of government, where one person effectively has all the power to run a country.
This person is called a dictator.
In very few cases, a small group of people holds this power, which is called an oligarchy.
A dictatorship that is ruled by soldiers is called a military dictatorship or junta.
An absolute monarchy (the system where there are Kings and Queens who have full power over their country) can be considered to be a dictatorship, but the people are usually not called dictators.
An anaesthetic (anesthetic) is a substance that either stops pain, or causes the user to sleep.
The following is a list of the ten largest metropolitan areas in Latin America.
People in Latin America are part of several ethnic groups and races.
The majority of Latin Americans are Mestizo and some others are Mulatto, Black, Zambo, and Asian.
The Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority (WMATA) operates the Washington Metro, the city's rapid transit system, as well as Metrobus.
Both systems serve the District and its suburbs.
Metro opened on March 27, 1976 and presently consists of 86 stations and of track.
With an average of about one million trips each weekday, Metro is the second-busiest rapid transit system in the country, after the New York City Subway.
Metrobus serves over 400,000 riders each weekday, making it the nation's sixth-largest bus system.
The city also operates its own DC Circulator bus system, which connects commercial areas within central Washington.
The White House is the official residence of the president and the first family of the United States.
it has been the official residence of every U.S.
president since John Adams in 1800.
There are five living former presidents of the United States.
Conservatism is a type of political belief that supports emphasis on traditions and relies on the individual to maintain society.
The term was first used by in 1818, during the Bourbon Restoration, which wanted to roll back the policies of the French Revolution.
The term is associated with right-wing politics.
It has been used to describe a wide range of views.
There is no single set of policies that are regarded as conservative because the meaning of conservatism depends on a given place and time, although most Conservatives oppose Modernism in some way and want to go back to old values.
In 395, the Roman Empire was split into a western part and an eastern part.
The western part lasted to the 5th or 6th century.
Τhe exact dates are a point of debate.
The eastern part, which is commonly called Byzantine Empire, lasted until the 15th century.
The split of the Roman Empire also affected the church, which developed differently in both parts.
In 1054, there was the Great Schism.
The western part developed what is now the Roman Catholic Church, and the eastern part is now called Eastern Orthodox Church.
In the west, there is the Patriarch of Rome, who is commonly called the Pope.
In the east, there is the Patriarch of Constantinople.
Because of historical developments, many Eastern Orthodox churches also have a local Patriarch.
In the west, the Pope is an absolute leader.
The Patriarch of Constantinople is the first among equals; his power is not absolute, as seen when meeting with other Patriarchs.
His power is the same of all bishops.
Aberdeen is famous for its buildings made from granite.
Because of grey colour of the stone, Aberdeen is called the Silver City by the Golden Sands.
Aberdeen has two universities, the University of Aberdeen which was founded on 10 February 1495 by Bishop William Elphinstone and Robert Gordon University which was founded in 1910 but has a history dating back to the 1800s.
The local people sometimes speak in a dialect called Doric.
They are called Aberdonians.
The binary numeral system is a way to write numbers using only two digits: 0 and 1.
These are used in computers as a series of off and on switches.
In binary, each digit's place value is twice as much as that of the next digit to the right (since each digit holds two values).
In decimal - the system that humans normally use - each digit holds ten values, and the place value increases by a power of ten (ones, tens, hundreds, etc)..
The place value of the rightmost digit, in either case, is 1.
King first started his civil rights activism in 1955.
At that time, he led a protest against the way black people were segregated on buses.
They had to sit at the back of the bus, separate from white people.
He told his supporters, and the people who were against equal rights, that people should only use peaceful ways to solve the problem.
In 1963 and 1964, civil rights groups in Selma, Alabama had been trying to sign African-American people up to vote, but they had not been able to.
At the time, 99% of the people signed up to vote in Selma were white.
However, the government workers who signed up voters were all white.
They refused to sign up African-Americans.
In January 1965, these civil rights groups asked King and the SCLC to help them.
Together, they started working on voting rights.
However, the next month, an African-American man named Jimmie Lee Jackson was shot by a police officer during a peaceful march.
Jackson died.
Many African-American people were very angry.
Just days after King's death, Congress passed the Civil Rights Act of 1968.
Title VIII of the Act, usually called the Fair Housing Act, made it illegal to discriminate in housing because of a person's race, religion, or home country.
(For example, this made it illegal for a realtor to refuse to let a black family buy a house in a white neighborhood).
This law was seen as a tribute to King's last few years of work fighting housing discrimination in the United States.
People younger than thirteen years old have less access to website features.
They are not allowed to use the forum or send messages to other people.
Hydrogen required for ammonia synthesis could also be produced economically using other sources like coal or coke gasification, less economically from the electrolysis of water into oxygen + hydrogen and other alternatives that are presently impractical for large scale production.
In chemistry, an alkali is an aqueous (from water) solution with a pH value of more than 7.
Cole Turner: Phoebe's ex-husband also known as the demon Belthazor.
Ferrari has a rich racing history and is a well known premium automobile brand.
The fastest street Ferrari is the F50 GT1, which can go over 370 kph (about 222 mph).
A hydrocarbon is a type of chemical compound.
It is made of only hydrogen and carbon atoms.
Alkenes are similar to alkanes.
The main difference between them is that alkenes have a carbon to carbon double bond.
The general formula for the alkenes is CH.
Alkynes have a carbon to carbon triple bond.
CH is their general formula.
Aromatic hydrocarbons are aromatic organic molecules that form flat ring-shaped bonds.
The most simplest of aromatic hydrocarbons are benzene and indole.
They can have one ring, heterocyclic, like benzene or 2 rings, bicyclic like napthalene (primary ingredient in mothballs) or many rings, polycyclic like anthracene (red dye colourant).
Catalonia (; : ) is a Spanish autonomous community.
It is south of the eastern Pyrenees, and has a northern border with France.
A skyscraper is a very tall high-rise building, usually more than 152 metres (500 feet) in height.
Most skyscrapers are built in urban areas such as cities, and they are very common in the central business district (also called downtown) areas of many large cities including New York City, Chicago, London, Paris, Sydney, Beijing, Berlin, Toronto, Moscow, Hong Kong and Tokyo.
Skyscrapers are common in downtown districts where it's more economical to build up instead of out.
In the 2011 census the population of Leicester was about 330,000.
The city is also the 11th largest by population in England and the 13th largest in the United Kingdom.
In November 2018, Presley received posthumous the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Donald Trump.
The novel does not have a clear plot.
Frequently, it is difficult for a reader to know what is imaginary to the fictional characters and what is really happening as fact.
In the 7th Century, it was conquered by the Arab Muslims who built a city which they called Kairouan.
This was the first Arab Muslim city in Tunisia.
Many Muslim dynasties (monarchies) ruled Tunisia.
One of the best known dynasties was the Zirids dynasty.
The Zirids were Berber people and followed the rules of the Fatimides, a bigger dynasty in Cairo.
After a brief occupation of Tunisia by the Normans of Sicily in the 12th Century, the Almohad re-conquered it.
After that came the Hafsids.
In 1705, Tunisia became virtually independent during the Hussein dynasty, but still had to follow orders from the Ottoman Empire.
Some controversial financial decisions (money-lending) taken by the Bey in mid-1800s in an attempt to repair the country led Tunisia to become under the control of France.
Standard Arabic is the official language by the Tunisian constitution.
But Tunisians speak Tunisian Arabic.
Tunisia's economy has many sectors: agriculture (fruit, vegetable oil and vegetables), tourism (when people come from other countries to visit), mining (extracting goods from under the ground), and petroleum (fuel and gas oil).
The success of the books and movie inspired the very popular comedy television series, M*A*S*H.
The series ran from 1972 to 1983 on CBS and is one of the most popular American television shows ever.
Reruns are still shown on cable and broadcast channels, and most of the show's seasons are sold on DVDs.
Though it is not as popular as it was, it is still popular today.
Martin was greatly respected, as a Finance Minister, around the world for his fiscal management, because of the growth in the economy and for taking the government out of deficit.
The aim of basketball is to score more points than the other team, by making the ball in the basket.
Players on one team try to stop players on the other team from scoring.
Baskets can be worth 1, 2, or 3 points.
Each normal score is worth two points; however, if a player throws the ball into the hoop from behind the large arched line on the court, called the 3-point line, the score is worth three points.
You get points by shooting (throwing or dropping) the ball into the opponents' basket.
The team with the most points at the end of the game wins.
Maoism is the communist (a plan about how countries should work) idea created by the Chinese man Mao Zedong.
Mao believed that peasants, not factory workers, should lead the communist revolution (change in government).
China followed Maoism when he became leader, in 1949.
This created differences with communism in the USSR and Cuba.
Maoism is still practiced in China today, but it has become different since Mao died in 1976.
Today the Chinese economy is still considered a communistic economy.
The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) completely controls all aspects of production and sets workers wages artificially low for the good of all, which is the basic premise of Maoism.
All worker production is also relegated to the overall good and equality of all, the definition of which is also determined by the state (CCP).
This effectively shackles the profit motive (upward wage mobility) for the working class, as upward mobility is all but nonexistent except for those in line with, or actively participating in, the Chinese Communist Party.
The following text is C++ source code and it will write the words Hello World!
on the screen when it has been compiled and is executed.
This program is typically the first program a programmer would write while learning about programming languages.
// We are now defining the main function; it is the function run when the program starts.
Batman uses many different tools to help fight crime, these may vary based on the different iterations of batman.
Notable examples include his car which he calls the Batmobile, a motorcycle called the Bat-Cycle, and has a special belt full of tools called a utility belt and most notably bat-shaped boomerangs called Bat-A-Rangs.
He also has radio signals in his bat ears and can shoot them out to his enemy.
He also has tasers built in his suit, shocking his foes.
In the movie Batman & Robin he has ice skates.
He also has a kryptonite ring and a kryptonite launcher.
He even has a power suit and a Bat-Saber(His version of a lightsaber).
Annapolis became the temporary capital of the United States after the signing of the Treaty of Paris in 1783.
Congress was in session in the state house from November 26, 1783 to June 3, 1784, and it was in Annapolis on December 23, 1783 that General Washington resigned his commission as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army.
Annapolis is also known as the sailing capital of the U.S.
It is on Chesapeake Bay, the largest inland tidal estuary in the world.
The Chesapeake Bay can not sustain the higher life that once filled these waters, and 3 of the main harvests need to be re-stocked by man in order to maintain 1/10th (or less) of the numbers - Oysters and Rockfish, and more recently as reported in the Capital, Blue Crab stocks are at an all-time and ever-decreasing low, with scientists from University of Maryland researching how to raise crabs for re-introduction.
Chesapeake Bay Native plants and animals are often crowded out by invasive species which are more hardy to the now-polluted environment.
Fragmites, the Chinese Mitten Crab, English Ivy, and the Mute Swan are examples of invasive species thriving in this man-altered environment.
Michael Francis Moore (born April 23, 1954 in Davison, Michigan, USA) is an American writer and moviemaker.
He is known for his strong liberal political views.
He often expresses them using humor and satire.
His work includes Roger & Me, Fahrenheit 9/11, Sicko, and Bowling for Columbine, and the satire show TV Nation.
He has also written books including Dude, Where's My Country?
and Will They Ever Trust Us Again?.
All cetaceans, including whales, dolphins and porpoises, are descendants of land-living mammals of the Artiodactyl order (even-toed ungulates).
Both are related to Indohyus (an extinct semi-aquatic deer-like ungulate) from which they split around 54 million years ago.
Six of the seven best anchors on this chart are modern, but several modern anchors did very badly.
This shows that 'newer' is not always better.
Glare causes sleep problems in humans.
For example, too much light in an apartment shining in from a nearby billboard will disturb their sleep.
Science, too, is being affected by light pollution.
Astronomers have no way of observing or making discoveries with too much light to block the night sky.
You can lower the amount of light pollution by having lights off when they are not needed.
You can also shield yourself from this pollution by putting curtains on a window facing the street or any other disturbing light source.
São Paulo (Portuguese for Saint Paul) is the capital of the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
It is the biggest city in South America and the Southern Hemisphere and the second biggest city in the Western Hemisphere (after Mexico City).
In 1711, São Paulo became a city.
In the end of the 18th century, people started growing sugarcane in the rural area of the province, and São Paulo was the way to the port of Santos.
Every track on a DVD disk circles from its center to the edge.
The distance between the tracks on a DVD disk is 740 nanometers.
Only a very precise mechanism can read the bumps on the disk, because they are very small (320×400×120 nanometers).
Noise pollution, also known as sound pollution, is harmful to the brain and hearing of all animals and humans.
This includes the sound of vehicles, loud speakers, airplanes, jets, train horns etc.
Noise pollution can cause ear problems or even permanent deafness, especially to older people.
The schools which are beside the roads suffer from noise pollution.
Students cannot concentrate in their studies.
People in hospitals near main roads also suffer.
It is very easy to write a number as a Roman numeral.
Simply subtract the largest possible Roman numeral as many times as possible from the number.
This system will result in a valid Roman numeral, but will not take the subtraction rule into account.
One of the systems is the apostrophus, in which D is written as IƆ (500) and M is written as CIƆ (1,000).
In this system, an extra Ɔ means 500, and multiple extra Ɔs are used to mean 5,000, 50,000 etc.
The word map can also be used to talk about a chart or drawing that shows relationships between ideas, people, events, or anything else you can think about.
This is why web developers call a list of web pages on a web site a site map.
On January 12, 1978, during a press conference, Carter said plans about his energy reform proposal were not being made and that Congress was not being respectful.
The 1979 energy crisis ended job growth, however, and both inflation and interest rates rose.
Economic growth, job creation, and consumer confidence quickly went down.
There was also not a lot of gasoline because of the oil crisis.
In September 1978, Carter created many political agreements between Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin at Camp David.
The two agreements were signed at the White House.
The second of these frameworks helped create the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.
A boy is a young male human, either a child or teenager.
Little boys still have the body of a child.
It is not until they reach puberty (adolescence) that their bodies start to mature and they become a man.
Over time, humans have invented objects which make life easier for themselves.
Because of this, a quote necessity is the mother of invention, was written.
The quote means that a lack of something should inspire someone to create something to fill that empty space.
However, not all people believe that this is true.
They think that too much of something can lead to an invention.
In the north the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta (Snowy Mountain Range of Saint Martha) is an isolated mountain range apart from the Andes chain that runs through Colombia.
Reaching an altitude of 5,700 metres above sea level just 42 km from the Caribbean coast, the Sierra Nevada is the world's highest coastal range.
The Andes has a lot of wildlife.
With almost 1,000 species, of which about 2/3 are endemic to the region, the Andes is the most important region in the world for amphibians.
Poznań (German name: Posen) is the biggest city and capital of Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland, one of the oldest and the biggest cities in Poland.
Its population is about 560,000 and its area is 262 square kilometers.
The leader of the Nazis Adolf Hitler wanted to a create a country where all Aryans were treated equally.
They spent heavily on poorer people and began several huge government programs to help Germany deal with the unemployment and economic crisis caused by the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and the Great Depression which followed it.
Some Nazis, such as Ernst Röhm, wanted the reforms to go further and called for a revolution, eliminating economic classes in Germany and for the government to take control of major businesses.
Many of these Nazis were murdered on Hitler's orders during the Night of the Long Knives because they were a threat to his leadership of the Nazi Party.
The world will now understand that the only real 'ideological' issue is one between democracy, liberty and peace on the one hand and despotism, terror and war on the other.
The Nazis became the biggest party in the parliament.
By 1934, they managed to make all other parties illegal.
Democracy was replaced with a dictatorship.
Adolf Hitler became leader (Führer) of Germany, and had the power to make any laws he wanted.
In 1886 he went to Paris to join his brother Theo, who was the manager of Goupil's gallery.
In Paris, van Gogh studied with Cormon.
He also met Pissarro, Monet, and Gauguin.
This helped the colors of his paintings lighten and be painted in short strokes from the paintbrush.
His nervous temper made him a difficult companion and night-long discussions combined with painting all day made him very unhealthy.
He decided to go south to Arles where he hoped his friends would join him and help found a school of art.
Gauguin did join him, but it did not help.
Near the end of 1888, Gauguin left Arles.
Van Gogh followed him with an open razor, but was stopped by Gauguin.
Instead, he cut his own ear lobe off.
After that, van Gogh began to get fits of madness and was sent to the asylum in Saint-Remy for medical treatment.
He painted over 1,000 portraits.
The rainbow effect can be seen when there are water drops in the air and the sun is giving light at the back of the observer at a low distance up or angle.
An unnatural rainbow effect can also be made by spraying drops of water into the air on a sunny day.
Rio de Janeiro is the second largest city in Brazil.
It is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro.
Until April 21, 1960 it was the capital city of Brazil.
According to the 2000 Census, the city had 5,473,909 people, and an area of over 1,000 km.
In 2008 Eduardo Paes became Mayor.
The city was started in 1565.
A whaler is a person who hunts whales, or the boat they use.
A local area network (LAN) is a computer network in a small area like a home, office, or school.
Many computers can be connected to share information and Internet connections.
Most LANs use Ethernet to connect together.
Some American Samoans like that they are not American citizens and others do not.
Some American Samoans say that being nationals and not citizens makes it easier for them to keep the fa'a Samoa, the Samoan way of life.
In 2019, three American Samoans living in Utah sued the U.S.
government to say they are citizens.
The judge agreed with them.
The judge said that the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution says that anyone born in any part of the United States is a citizen, and that should mean American Samoans too.
But the next day, he said they should not register to vote until after an appeal judge has seen the case.
The people in the settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization were the first to have an oven inside of their mud-brick houses by 3200 B.C.
A cooking pot is a vessel to cook in.
It is often larger than a pan, and will be taller than it is wide.
French Guiana has a population, in 2014, of 252,338, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Cayenne (55,817 inhabitants).
The subprefecture of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni has 44,169 inhabitants.
Three Islands off the coast were used by the French Government from 1852 to 1953 as Prison Islands.
Most children are toilet trained while they are toddlers.
Rommel was not one of the group who planned the attempt on Hitler's life.
Actually, he was not in favour of assassinating Hitler.
Rommel believed an assassination attempt could spark civil war in Germany and Austria, and Hitler would have become a martyr for a lasting cause.
Instead, Rommel insisted that Hitler be arrested and brought to trial for his crimes.
Later, though, Rommel made up his mind to support the plot.
A square kilometer (British English spelling square kilometre, in short km²) is a unit of measurement of area.
A square that has a side length of 1 kilometer (1000 meters) has an area of one square kilometer.
There are 100 hectares in one square kilometer.
Square kilometer is often used to say how much surface something occupies on Earth.
It can, for example, be used to describe the area of a city or country.
The country is mostly savanna.
In the east it is moist and mountainous with tropical evergreen and hardwood forests.
Trees include teak and mahogany, knobthorn, msasa and baobab.
Among the many flowers and shrubs are hibiscus, spider lily, leonotus, cassia, tree wisteria and dombeya.
Zimbabwe has also done well in the Commonwealth Games and All-Africa Games.
Kirsty Coventry won 11 gold medals in swimming.
Jettingen is a village in the south-west of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Maidstone used to be an industrial area, with paper making and brewing being two of the most important industries, although both have mainly died out in recent years.
Until 1998, Sharps Toffee factory was where Bassets liquorice allsorts and other sweets were made.
Most of the heavy industry has now been replaced by light and service industries.
John Paul II went to places where other popes before him had already been, such as the United States, or The Holy Land.
He also went to many countries that no pope had ever visited before.
He was the first reigning pope to travel to the United Kingdom, where he met Queen Elizabeth II, the Supreme Governor of the Church of England.
Many people claimed to have been specially blessed by the reign of Pope John Paul II.
Many people thought he should be given the title Blessed.
This usually takes at least five years (and may take hundreds of years).
On 13 May 2005, Pope Benedict XVI cut short the usual 5-year wait for the beatification process to begin.
The only other time (in recent history) that this has happened was for Mother Theresa, who was made Blessed Mother Theresa by John Paul II.
It was announced on 14 January 2011, that John Paul II would be beatified on 1 May 2011 (Divine Mercy Sunday).
According to the Vatican, Pope John Paul II's remains (which will not be exhumed and exposed) will be moved from the grotto beneath St.
Peter's Basilica, where he is presently buried, to a marble stone monument in Pier Paolo Cristofari's Chapel of St.
Sebastian, which is where Blessed Pope Innocent XI is currently buried; Blessed Pope Innocent's remains will likely be moved.
This more prominent location, next to the Chapel of the Pieta, the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament and statues of Popes Pius XI and Pius XII, will increase the number of pilgrims capable of viewing his memorial.
People from Omaha tried to stop the move by renaming Lancaster after the recently killed President Abraham Lincoln.
Many of the people south of the river had wanted the Confederate to win the recent Civil War.
These people thought that the legislature would not approve the move if the future capital were named after Lincoln.
The plan did not work, as Lancaster was renamed Lincoln and also became the state capital upon Nebraska's admission to the Union on March 1, 1867.
The people either liked or disliked the new name depending on how they felt about the Civil War.
In a nuclear bomb, this must happen very quickly to make a very big explosion.
The amount of energy released in the explosion is measured in kilotons.
One kiloton is the same as the energy of one thousand tons of trinitrotoluene.
Their study gives clues about the origin and age of the Solar System, the synthesis of organic compounds, the origin of life or the presence of water on Earth.
Chondrites can be differentiated from iron meteorites by their low iron and nickel content.
Planck came from an old fashioned, intelligent family.
His great-grandfather and grandfather were both theology professors in Göttingen; his father was a law professor in Kiel and Munich; and his paternal uncle was a judge.
Vancouver is on a peninsula on the West Coast of Canada, less than a one-hour drive north of the Canada-U.S.
border.
On the south shore of Vancouver is the Fraser River, which flows west into the Strait of Georgia.
The water along the north shore is called Burrard Inlet.
The city has an area of 114 square kilometres (44 sq mi).
The larger metropolitan area is 2,878 square kilometres (1,111 sq mi).
Vancouver has an oceanic climate (Cfb in the Köppen climate classification).
The average precipitation per year is 1189 mm, mostly from October to April.
High temperatures in the summer average 22 °C.
The highest temperature ever recorded was 34.4 °C on July 30, 2009.
On average, snow falls on only 11 days per year.
The snow is usually wet, not very deep, and melts in the rain.
On average, on only 4.5 days a year does the temperature not rise above freezing.
On August 11, 2014 at about 11:45 am, Williams was found at his home by his personal assistant.
About ten minutes later, a 911 call was made saying that Williams was not reacting or breathing.
He was pronounced dead at 12:02 pm, shortly after emergency personnel arrived.
Bamboo is almost the only food of giant pandas.
The shoots can also be used as human food.
Bamboo shoots are usually cooked before being eaten.
Most temperate bamboos can be eaten without cooking if they are not too bitter.
The Trojan War was one of the most important wars in the history of Ancient Greece.
It happened between the Trojans and the Greeks.
It is mostly known through the Iliad, an epic poem written by the Ancient Greek poet Homer.
Today, hundreds of cruise ships sail all over the world.
Some carry over 3,000 passengers.
These are some of the largest ships ever built.
For some places, such as Antarctica, because it lacks other methods of regular transport, cruise ships are one of the few ways for tourists to visit.
The process of integration took 7 years during which Merwan often stayed at Upasni's ashram.
He also visited with Babajan and stayed with his family, as his integration became more functional he began taking on jobs such as working at his father's toddy shop, and managing a group of performers.
In 1921 Upasni told some of his followers that Merwan was the Avatar of the Age and that they should now follow Merwan.
In 1921 one of these early disciples began calling Merwan Meher Baba which means Compassionate Father.
In 1922 Meher Baba and a group of male disciples walked from Ponna (Pune) to Bombay (Mumbai) where he established his first ashram, Manzil-e-Meem (House of the Master) where over the next year he trained them as his disciples, from then on Baba would be their spiritual guide.
Baba eventually took these new followers to Ahmednagar, to a place now called Meherabad.
There he gave discourses on spirituality, worked with the local poor villagers, established a dispensary and hospital, cared for the God-mad masts, and started boarding school for children of all faiths and castes, all free of charge.
Gradually his following grew.
Tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds, from soft sand to hard rock.
The way of digging is chosen by the type of ground.
There are two additional ways of digging : quarry and 'cut and cover'.
In quarry, the tunnel path is drilled in a horizontal way.
Cut-and-cover is a simple way of making hollow tunnels where a trench is hollowed out and roofed over with an overhead support system strong enough to carry the load of what is to be built above the tunnel.
My Computer is seen on the Microsoft Windows computers.
My Computer allows the user to access the local drives, such as the local disk, also known as the C: Drive.
The user can also access external drives.
Examples of an external drive are a floppy disk drive (A: Drive) and the CD Drive (D:).
My computer also lets the user access My Documents and other files.
More than 60 types of synesthesia have been reported, but only a small number have been studied by scientists.
The Kyoto Protocol is a plan created by the United Nations for the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change that tries to reduce the effects of climate change, such as global warming.
The plan says that countries that adopt (follow) the Kyoto Protocol have to try to reduce how much carbon dioxide (and other greenhouse gases that pollute the atmosphere) they release into the air.
The full name of the Kyoto Protocol is the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
It is called the Kyoto Protocol because it was made in Kyoto, Japan.
The Kyoto Protocol was officially put into full force on February 16, 2005.
On February 16, Russia began to follow (ratify) the Kyoto Protocol and it was decided to be put into full force.
As of 2020, 192 countries have agreed to follow the Kyoto Protocol.
Signs of autism are usually present when a child is around two or three, but some people are not diagnosed until later.
Some people are not diagnosed until they are adults.
There is no cure for autism and many autistic people do not want a cure.
They want to be accepted as different.
This is called neurodiversity.
Autistic people who want their differences to be accepted may be part of the autism rights movement.
The country officially became independent on 21 March 1990.
Sam Nujoma became the first President of Namibia.
At 2:18, Titanic reaches 45 degrees.
Her lights went out, and a huge roar is heard.
The keel starts to crack, and Titanic breaks in half.
Titanic disappears beneath the sea, 2 hours and 40 minutes after colliding with an iceberg.
The ship was then claimed by the dead-calm, freezing-cold ocean.
The wreck killed around 1,500 people.
Only 705 people lived, out of the roughly 2,200 aboard.
It was one of the worst shipwrecks up to that point that was not during a war.
FreeBSD is open source.
This means that anyone can download the source code and change, or learn from it.
The people who work on FreeBSD do not usually get paid.
They keep working on it because they enjoy it or want to become more experienced programmers.
When a person has alcohol poisoning, 9-1-1 or another local emergency telephone number should be called right away.
First aid can help the person until an ambulance gets there.
Hygiene is the act of being clean.
Washing the body to remove dirt and germs, brushing the teeth to keep them clean, shaving, using the toilet properly, and dressing correctly are some examples.
Proper hygiene is often taught to children at a young age, and it becomes a habit.
People who do not have good hygiene might smell bad, lose teeth, or become ill (sick).
He was one of the founders of the Socialist Party of Chile and in 1938 became a minister of health.
He was a senator from 1945 until 1969 and was President of the Chilean Senate from 1966 until 1969.
Allende first ran for the presidency in the 1952 elections but failed.
Determined to succeed he tried again in 1958 and then in 1964.
In both instances he failed again.
This created a serious problem with the U.S.
government who saw Allende's nationalisation as an attack on U.S.
interest and a threat to U.S.
money investments in South America.
In 1900, he became a politician in the Conservative Party, and was elected to Parliament.
In 1904, he changed parties and joined the Liberal Party, but later returned to the Conservative Party.
In Cambodia, people play many sports.
Some sports that are enjoyed that come from the West include golf, rugby and soccer.
Traditional Cambodian sports are buffalo racing, dragon boat racing and bokator Khmer martial art also known as pradal serey.
Cambodia attended its first Olympic Games in 1956 and participated in two more before warfare and civil strife interrupted its attendance.
The country returned to regular participation with the 1996 Summer Games.
Cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 Southeast Asian games.
In a Spelling Bee it is actually best to go first rather than last because words usually go by levels in a school competition, so if it goes from easiest to hardest you will most likely get the less difficult words.
Text Based RPGs are not too different from Traditional RPGs, generally based on the Dungeons and Dragons game.
However some Text Based RPGs are not for combat, but are for socializing and meeting others.
Sprinkler irrigation mimics natural rainfall where water falls on the plants.
The headquarters of The Officers Club menswear store is in Cramlington.
The original meaning of the Old English gemynd was memory.
This explains the sayings call to mind, come to mind, keep in mind, to have mind of, and so on.
Old English had other words to express what we call mind today, such as hyge, meaning mind, spirit.
In South Africa, Mandela is sometimes called by his Xhosa clan name of Madiba.
The word radio is sometimes used to mean only voiceband broadcasting.
Most voiceband broadcasting uses lower frequency and longer wavelength than most television broadcasting.
Voiceband broadcasting sends music, news and entertainers including talk radio.
Radio shows were used before there were TV programs.
In the 1930s, the US president started sending a message about the country every week to the American people.
Companies that make and send radio programming are called radio stations.
These are sometimes run by governments, and sometimes by private companies, who make money by sending advertisements.
Other radio stations are supported by local communities.
These are called community radio stations.
In the early days, manufacturing companies would pay to broadcast complete stories on the radio.
These were often plays or dramas.
Because companies who made soap often paid for them, these were called soap operas.
The object of the game is to own as much land (property) and to be the richest player.
On your turn, you roll the dice and move your token forward (clockwise around the edge of the board) the same number of spaces as the sum of the dice you rolled.
You must then follow the instructions of whatever space your token lands on.
A lunchbox is used to carry a person's lunch.
They can come in many shapes and sizes and by a number of manufacturers.
They can also be in the form of a brown paper bag.
After Charles IV there were many arguments and fights in Prague.
A priest called Jan Hus said that the Catholic Church had become too powerful.
He was arrested and burned at the stake in 1415.
A lot of people agreed with what Hus had been saying.
These people were called Hussites.
They threw a lot of important Catholic people out of the window (called defenestration).
A lot more fighting followed, and for many years Bohemia was ruled by kings who lived in other countries.
Elaine Paige OBE (born Elaine Jill Bickerstaff, 5 March 1948) is an English actress and singer.
She was born and raised in Barnet, Hertfordshire.
She is known for her roles in musical theater.
It was nearly cancelled during its first season (in which it ranked dead last among 63 shows).
But it eventually became one of the most popular shows on TV because it had a top-ten rating during seven of its eleven seasons.
The show earned 26 Emmy Awards out of a total of 111 nominations.
Nikolai Vavilov showed that rye, originally a weed, came to be a crop plant by unintentional selection.
Rye is a tougher plant than wheat: it survives in harsher conditions.
Having become a crop like wheat, rye was able to become a crop plant in harsh areas, such as hills and mountains.
In populations, there are forces that add variation to the population (such as mutation), and forces that remove it.
Genetic drift is the name given to random changes which remove variation from a population.
Genetic drift gets rid of variation at the rate of 1/(2N) where N = population size.
It is therefore a very weak evolutionary force in large populations.
This was an early account of the importance of geographical separation.
Another biologist who thought geographical separation was critical was Ernst Mayr.
This was an important movement in evolutionary biology, which started in the 1930s and finished in the 1950s.
It has been updated regularly ever since.
There are many types of players on a football team.
For the offensive part of the team, a quarterback throws the football to wide receivers while offensive linemen block to protect him from defensive players.
The offensive linemen also block when a running back runs to advance the football.
Players on the Defensive line, a linebacker, and defensive backs (cornerbacks and American football safeties) attempt to tackle the offensive player who carries the football.
The 32 NFL teams are divided into two conferences: the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC).
Each of them is divided in four divisions: North, South, West and East.
Each division includes four teams.
John has had treatment for alcoholism, drug abuse and bulimia nervosa.
In 1984, he was married to Renate Blauel.
Most companies who sell their software for money make it closed source so people cannot easily change it or copy it for free.
The large memory size of newer flash drives means that they are increasingly being used for short term backup of data.
Ostriches have long legs and a long neck, but they have a small head.
Male ostriches have black feathers and female ostriches have gray and brown feathers.
Both males and females have white feathers on their wings and tails.
Male ostriches can be 1.8 - 2.7 meters / 6 – 9 feet tall, while female ostriches are 1.7 – 2 meters / 5.5 - 6.5 ft tall.
They can run with a speed of about 65 kilometers per hour/40 miles per hour.
SIIT has two campuses (as of 2013), Rangsit and Bangkadi campus.
Both are in Pathum Thani province.
Odysseus and his ship have to pass the Sirens' island.
The Sirens were always singing very beautifully, so sailors would try to go to them, but their ships would get destroyed, and they would die.
After a storm, Odysseus comes to the island of the Phaeacians.
There he is found by the king's daughter Nausicaä.
Nausicaä brings him to the palace of her father, King Alkinoos.
During his time there, Odysseus tell the story of his journey.
After this, Alkinoos gives Odysseus a ship and sends him home to Ithaca.
In 1883 a young Belgian called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp, Belgium.
He started a bicycle factory there.
By the end of that century he started producing motorbikes, and after a while automobiles as well.
In 1903 he grounded the NV Minerva Motors' in Berchem (Antwerp).
At the end of World War II, the island was liberated by the Soviet red army, and held for several months after the German surrender.
The island lies far east of the demarcation line between the allied forces in Europe.
For some time the Soviet presence looked like an occupation.
It was not until April 5th, 1946 that the island at last was free.
As of 2023, Kuwait has a population of 4.82 million people of which 1.53 million are Kuwaiti citizens while the remaining 3.29 million are foreign nationals from over 100 countries.
Of the total population of Kuwait, only 31% are Kuwaitis while around 69% are Non-Kuwaitis.
Indians are the biggest Expat community in Kuwait making 21% of the population followed by Egyptians who are 13% of the population.
The Kelvin scale (symbol: K) is the SI unit of temperature.
It is named in honour of the physicist William Thomson, the first Lord Kelvin (1824–1907).
The first documentary evidence is from Vitoria-Gasteiz (now Spain) in 1334, in which the Knights of the Band are forbidden to play cards.
The next record is from Catalonia in 1371.
While he was president, the Cold War ended and the Soviet Union fell apart.
He was known for his failed promise speech .
Bush suffered from a form of Parkinson's disease which forced him to use a motorized scooter or wheelchair to get around, since at least 2012.
In 1600, Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei proved that all objects fall with the same acceleration.
Therefore, the longer an object moves with constant acceleration the faster its final velocity is.
Also, if different objects each having a different mass are dropped from rest (initial velocity is zero) at the same height in a vacuum, they will all hit the ground at the same velocity regardless of their mass.
The experimental discoveries of Galileo and the Laws of Motion developed mathematically by Newton gave birth to modern science.
A frequently made error (also in some books) is to rewrite this equation using a relativistic mass (in the direction of motion) of formula_22.
The states bordering Alabama are Tennessee to the north; Georgia to the east; Florida to the south; and Mississippi to the west.
Alabama has a coastline at the Gulf of Mexico, at the very southern edge of the state.
Alabama ranges in height from sea level at Mobile Bay to over in the Appalachian Mountains in the northeast.
The highest point is Mount Cheaha, at a height of .
Alabama's land has of forest or 67% of the total land area.
Baldwin County is the largest county in the state in both land area and water area.
Public primary and secondary education in Alabama is under the review of the Alabama State Board of Education as well as local oversight by 67 county school boards and 60 city boards of education.
Together, 1,479 schools have education for 743,012 elementary and secondary students.
The Grand Canyon is a colorful, steep-sided gorge.
It is made by the Colorado River in northern Arizona.
The canyon is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.
Most of the canyon is in the Grand Canyon National Park—one of the first national parks in the United States.
Bolivia , officially the Plurinational State of Bolivia, is a country in South America.
It is land locked by Brazil, Paraguay, Argentina, Peru, and Chile.
Luis Alberto Arce Catacora became the president of Bolivia in November 2020.
Bolivia used to be a colony of Spain.
The silver mines in Bolivia made most of Spain's money, and Spain used the Native Bolivians as slaves to work in the mines.
Cardinal Ratzinger was Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
Total color blindness is very rare.
People who suffer from it can only see in black, gray and white.
They can perceive only differences in brightness and do not see color.
This is called monochromacy.
Color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material.
A red-green color blind person may be unable to see the difference between colors on a map printed on paper.
The same map on a computer screen or television may appear normally.
In addition, some color blind people find it easier to tell the difference between colors on artificial materials, such as plastic or in acrylic paints, than on natural materials, such as paper or wood.
Thirdly, for some color blind people, color can only be distinguished if there is enough color: thin lines might appear black, but a thicker line of the same color can be seen in the correct color.
Sopron ( ]; , ; Central Bavarian: Ednburg, ) is a city of Hungary, near the western border of Hungary with Austria, at the foot of the Alps, 60 km from Vienna (in Austria) and 220 km from Budapest.
The people of this city are famous for their loyalty to their country, and their hometown.
A famous monument is 'Gate of Faith' which is the symbol of the people's faith to Hungary in 1921.
Sopron is popular as a holiday place because it is set in beautiful countryside where people like to walk in the hills, enjoying the pure air, the forests and mountain springs.
There are many hiking paths and look-out towers.
Near to Sopron is Lake Fertő.
Since human beings are not bred experimentally, human genetics must be studied by other means.
One recent way is by studying the human genome.
Another way, older by many years, is to study twins.
The free element (metal) is not found naturally on Earth, as it is highly reactive (though once produced, it is coated in a thin layer of oxide (see passivation), which partly masks this reactivity).
The free metal burns with a brilliant white light, making it a useful ingredient in flares.
The metal is now mainly obtained by electrolysis of magnesium salts obtained from brine.
He went to the Nicolaus Copernicus school in Toruń.
At that place, he was shown to be smarter than other people that were as old as him.
He was put in a higher class twice.
Fires are usually combustion reactions that take carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
The products are commonly water and carbon dioxide, although there are other examples that avoid this generalization, such as burning magnesium in air, which makes magnesium oxide.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was first shown on March 10, 1997 on the WB network.
It was a very important part of the Warner Bros.
television network in its early years.
Some neurologists believe that rabies might lie at the base of the myth.
In the United Kingdom, the law requires the student to go to school until 18.
The term 'high school' is only used in Scotland.
The term 'secondary School' is used for most of the UK instead of 'high school'.
Seoul has three famous baseball teams that all play as part of the Korea Baseball Organization.
One is The Doosan Bears and they have many famous players.
The LG Twins won the Korean Series in 1990 and 1994.
Both of these teams play at Jamsil Stadium.
Lastly The Nexen heroes who use Mokdong stadium .
The word superhuman may also mean something that is not human but can do something that humans cannot, like a robot that can think faster than a person can.
The Peugeot 306 is the name of a car that started being made in 1993 and stopped being made in 2002.
It was a small, family car.
There were several verities of this car: from the slowest version, the 1.4, all the way up to the fastest version which was called the GTI-6.
In 2012, the 3008 was facelifted.
During the Age of Discovery many ships sailed far from home.
Captain James Cook went twice around the world and discovered new places.
Another person who helped is Charles Darwin, known for the Theory of Evolution.
He worked in marine biology.
His expeditions aboard the HMS Beagle from 18311836 collected marine organisms.
Several other people also made important voyages.
Alfred Russel Wallace spent much of his younger life travelling the world and recording the plants and animals he saw.
Love is a mix of feelings and actions that shows a deep liking for someone or something.
Love involves caring for another.
Romantic love can lead to things such as dating, marriage and sex, but a person can also feel for friends, such as platonic love, or family.
In 1986, Disneyland and EPCOT started showing a short film called Captain EO that had Jackson in it.
He was married to Lisa Marie Presley, the daughter of Elvis Presley in 1994, before divorcing her in 1995 and marrying nurse Debbie Rowe in 1996.
Three months after Rowe and Jackson's marriage she gave birth to a son, Michael Joseph Jackson Jr.
The next year she gave birth to a daughter, Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson.
Bubbles (born 1983) is a common chimpanzee, known for being the one-time pet of American recording artist Michael Jackson.
Jackson bought the animal from a Texas research facility in the 1980s.
The animal was a frequent travel companion to the singer, whose attachment to the animal led to media mockery and, among other factors, to a public perception of Jackson as an eccentric.
The chimp, for example, was permitted to use Jackson's personal toilet.
Over 3,000 police officers were assigned to the event, the largest amount assigned to a single event since the 1984 Summer Olympics.
It cost the City of Los Angeles 1.4 million dollars.
On October 26, 2009, a two-disc album called Michael Jackson's This Is It was released.
The album's only single This Is It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance in 2011.
In Islamic countries the graphic designs can be found in their holy book, the Quran.
The Quran was first written an angled style called Kufi.
This appeared in the 8th century, and reached its peak in the 10th century.
Later on decoration of margin, page and other graphic techniques were added to beautify the book.
In the 12th century the Naskh script was invented: it used curves instead of angled lines.
Other styles were added later on.
Humans with modern bodies first existed between 350,000 and 260,000 years ago.
They were large-brained, walked upright, had dark skin, and were naked.
Modern human behaviors, such as making art, burying the dead, and wearing clothes began at least 100,000 years later.
These behaviors were the beginnings of human culture.
In the earliest civilizations with warm climates, only people of high social positions would be clothed at all times in public.
The average person in Mesopotamia and Ancient Egypt owned a single piece of cloth that was wrapped or tied to cover the genitals.
Both men and women would be bare-chested and barefooted.
Herders, fishermen, and others would be naked while doing work that was hot, dirty, or wet.
Those of low social position and slaves might have no clothing.
Children would be naked until about age 12.
It was not until the New Kingdom of Egypt that upper-class women wore dresses and ornamentation which covered their breasts.
This clothing is often shown in movies and television as representing ancient Egypt in all periods.
Gender differences in nudity are shown from the beginning of history.
In the first civilizations, male gods and heroes were naked.
Female deities and goddesses were nude or clothed, depending upon the religious meaning they represented.
In Ancient Greek art and in life, male nudity represented freedom, masculinity, privilege, and physical virtues.
In the later Hellenistic period, nude women began appearing on vases in passive activities, such as bathing.
With the beginning of the Christianity, women's bodies became a threat to civilized behavior that must be covered.
Male nudity was of lesser importance, and might be necessary for hard labor.
People wear different amounts of clothing in private places than in public.
Semi-public nudity may be necessary, such as when changing clothes or showering after work or exercise.
Usual behavior when nude with others include respect for personal space and the separation of genders.
In the 21st century, this everyday, non-sexual nudity has become uncomfortable.
Changing ideas of gender and sexuality threaten the idea of separating the sexes.
Digital photography threatens keeping any behavior private.
At the same time, modern media contain more images of sexualized nudity.
There are fewer ways to learn that nudity is not always sexual.
There are fewer places to see ordinary people naked and learn what is normal.
Naturists have long claimed social nudity leads to a better body image.
Naturism has not often been studied objectively, but psychologist Keon West of Goldsmiths, University of London found that social nudity reduced body anxiety and increased well-being.
People with a poor body image improved after a nude social activity.
Some Christians have rules of dress close to Islam, but dresses need only reach below the knees and be very modest.
Dressing Africans in European clothes to cover their nakedness was part of converting them to Christianity.<ref name=Hansen/2004></ref> In Christian countries today, European dress is normal in cities.
Indigenous styles have been adapted for Western modesty, especially for women.
The mixed gender bathing culture of Japan is not thought of as public nudity, but private in the context of a communal culture.
In world surveys of how likely people are to be nude on a beach, Japan is lowest at 4%.
During the Meiji era (1868–1912) there had been attempts to eliminate Japan's normal states of undress due to leader's concerned with Japan's international reputation.
Although often ignored, the law against public undress had the effect of sexualizing the body where it had not been erotic.
The main axis of the state is the Rhine river, that forms the border with Baden-Württemberg and Hesse in the southeast before running across the northern part of Rhineland-Palatinate.
In the northwest there are the southern parts of the Eifel mountains.
Farther south there is the Hunsrück mountain, which is continued by the Taunus mountains on the opposite side of the Rhine.
Canterbury is a city in Kent, England.
It is about from London.
It was made famous by a book called The Canterbury Tales.
It is also famous for Canterbury Cathedral.
Thomas Becket was assassinated by knights who came from Sandlings.
There are two railway stations in the city; Canterbury East and Canterbury West.
The A2 road passes near the city.
It goes west to London and south-east to Dover.
The city has an estimated 31,000 students.
This is the highest student/permanent resident ratio in the UK.
There are three universities, and several other higher education institutions and colleges.
At the 2001 census, 22% of the population aged 16–74 were full-time students, compared with 7% throughout England.
The three universities: the University of Kent, Canterbury Christ Church University, and the University for the Creative Arts.
There were more incidents and in November 1961 the Portuguese in Goa opened fire on Indian fishing boats.
Nehru lost patience and mounted a military, naval and air attack on Goa using overwhelming force on December 17th.
The Portuguese governor, who had at the most 3,000 men to oppose an Indian army of 30,000, blew up a few bridges to delay the invaders but his situation was plainly hopeless and he hoisted the white flag and surrendered.
There had been almost no resistance and few casualties.
People who know Ido come together for a few days every year to meet each other and speak the language.
Most Ido speakers live in Europe and so the conventions (a meeting of people) have taken place in Europe.
Victim is a term used for a person who suffers adverse circumstances, often in relation to having a crime committed against them.
If someone is robbed, he or she is the victim.
If someone is killed, that person is the victim.
The person who committed the crime is the culprit.
1.Well-known writers vs.
Baidu On March 15, 2011, HanHan and many other well-known writers prosecuted Baidu Library because it allowed people to read and download their articles for free.
They asked Baidu to pay for it but Baidu rejected the compensation.
Michigan Document Services was involved in creating packages of study material for the students of the university.
A professor supplied the course material and Michigan Document services, a photocopying organization, took photocopies of the material and converted it into a booklet for sale to students at the university.
Here was a clause of Fair use in this case.
The photocopying company could have paid a nominal fee to the university and then used the material.
This was available to anyone who wished to use the material.
However, the photocopying company paid for only the original and then started making photocopies of the study material.
The court considered that it was not fair use and penalized the photocopying company.
This is one of the most famous cases of copyright infringement related to the music industry.
As peer to peer file sharing increased, Napster started a website.
This website offered downloads of songs of all genres – new and old.
You may know someone who used it.
A & M Records brought in a joint copyright infringement case which accused Napster of stealing music and making it available to people worldwide.
Before closing the site in 2002, Napster had to settle US$26 million to different recording companies and songwriters.
It could have been even more if Napster had not apologized and folded the site.Several websites still thrive on offering free music to people who can download it at no cost.
As mentioned in our article on Internet Ethics and Copyright Laws, the music industry faces most copyright infringement cases.
The Napster case, though an example of the consequences, still does not act as a deterrent for other music websites that offer free music downloads.
The Flag of China has one big star and four small yellow stars on a red background.
The big star stands for the communist government, and the four small stars stand for the workers, peasants, middle-class citizens and soldiers.
births.
The Bengal tiger is the national animal of Bangladesh and India.
Most references to leopards describe them as nocturnal, and while it is undoubtedly true that they are often active at night, it is not uncommon to encounter a leopard moving or even hunting during the day, even in extreme temperatures.
Sometimes there are jaguars who are completely black, but if you look closely you can still see the spots.
They are called black panther or just panther.
The cheetah is the fastest land dweller.
Quartz crystals are used in oscillators, for example in quartz clocks.
People also extract the silicon to make semiconductors.
Many transgender people have mental health problems.
A 2012 study of British transgender people found that 84% had considered suicide.
55% had been diagnosed with depression.
33% had not been diagnosed with depression, but thought that they had it in the past or at the time of the survey.
53% had self-harmed.
38% of had been diagnosed with anxiety.
31% were using antidepressants and 44% had used them at some time.
A time in the 24-hour clock is written in the form hours:minutes (for example, 01:23), or hours:minutes:seconds (01:23:45).
Numbers under 10 have a zero in front (called a leading zero); e.g.
09:07.
Under the 24-hour clock system, the day begins at midnight, 00:00, and the last minute of the day begins at 23:59 and ends at 24:00, which is identical to 00:00 of the following day.
12:00 can only be noon (midday).
Midnight is called 24:00 and is used to mean the end of the day and 00:00 is used to mean the beginning of the day.
For example, you would say Tuesday at 24:00 and Wednesday at 00:00 to mean exactly the same time.
However, the U.S.
military prefers not to say 24:00 - they do not like to have two names for the same thing, so they always say 23:59, which is one minute before midnight.
According to FAO statistics, the total number of commercial fishermen and fish farmers is estimated to be 38 million.
Fisheries and aquaculture provide direct and indirect employment to over 500 million people in developing countries.
In 2005, the worldwide per capita consumption of fish captured from wild fisheries was 14.4 kilograms, with 7.4 kilograms more got from fish farms.
In addition to providing food, modern fishing is also a recreational sport.
Fish can also be collected in ways that do not injure them (such as in a seine net), for observation and study or for keeping in Aquarium.
There is a substantial industry devoted to the collection, transport, export and farming of wild and domesticated live fish, usually freshwater or marine tropical fish.
Fiji is an island country in the Pacific Ocean.
It has 322 islands.
The most important islands are Vanua Levu and Viti Levu.
The capital city and the city with the most people is Suva.
There are about 844,330 people in Fiji.
Because rainwater can't be kept in valleys or mountains, the city-water is dangerous to drink.
Most people drink from large bottles of water - .
The southeast of the province has the .
It's a 752 square kilometre mangrove area between Ho Chi Minh City and the sea.
The city is a river port on the Saigon River.
Several larger terminals operate outside and inside of the city.
Many small docks operate around the city.
The river system leads out to sea at Vung Tau, or onto the Mekong delta.
The use of English is rising in HCMC.
Many HCMC people will travel around the world by using English as their international language.
Many other languages are studied.
French was previously the most popular.
Chinese is also very well known to many people.
The city has international schools that teach foreign children.
All classes (except for languages) are given in the chosen language.
Many international schools have chosen English as the primary language.
Some of the international schools are named by their country of origin.
The schools named after a country use the national language of that country.
English is a subject taught in all national schools.
Many HCMC parents use to improve their children's English.
HCMC adults attend colleges to learn English.
Some HCMC people will go overseas to get foreign education.
It can be through staying with relatives, attending boarding schools, joining programs, or with family.
The Mekong River delta is accessible from HCMC.
It has a many rice, coconut, fish, and prawn farms.
The main city is Can Tho City.
The mountain range of Vietnam is accessed via Dalat City.
The beaches of Vietnam are accessed via Vung Tau City or Phan Thiet City when leaving HCMC.
The border to Cambodia is the closest international exit point for tourists.
This exit border takes people to Phnom Penh City.
A less-used term is temperate rainforest.
For temperate rain forests of North America, annual precipitation is over , and the mean annual temperature is between 4 and 12 °C (39 and 54 °F).
Many kinds of insects live in the rainforest.
It never gets cold enough to kill them.
There are bees, butterflies, termites, beetles, and many kinds of flies.
There are ants everywhere.
One kind of ant is the army ant.
Army ants do not have nests.
They march out in a line every day to hunt for other insects, which they eat.
At night they hook themselves together to form a living nest around their queen and larvae.
In August 2009, the mobile phone maker Samsung (with the provider Orange) unveiled a new Welsh-language mobile phone that would be available from September 2009.
It includes Welsh-language predictive text and menus.
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago.
Chicago is home to 15 sports teams.
Most of the city's major sports teams play within the city limits.
The Kennedy Expressway and Dan Ryan Expressways are the busiest state maintained roads in Illinois.
Although magenta and fuchsia are the same color, the chart below (the colors displayed on which are also shown in the magenta color chart above) shows those tones of magenta which are specifically named fuchsia.
Black Sabbath were an English heavy metal band.
They are considered to be the inventors of heavy metal.
They helped start the genre in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
They have sold over 70 million albums worldwide.
Watt is a unit of power, joule is a unit of work and energy, and time is a unit of time.
An equation for solving Power, Work and Time is Power = Work ÷ Time, Work = Power × Time, or Time = Work ÷ Power.
Even if they have the same risk factors, some people are at a higher risk for suicide than others.
This is partly because of genetic inheritance.
Genetics causes about 30–50% of the difference in suicide risk among different people.
For example, a person whose parent died by suicide is much more likely to try to kill themselves.
Epigenetics may also affect suicide risk.
The most common religions in the Balkans are Eastern Orthodox and Catholic Christianity and Sunni Islam.
Many different specific kinds of each faith are practiced, with each of the Eastern Orthodox countries having its own national church with its own patriarch.
Cotton is one of the oldest fibers under human cultivation, with traces of cotton over 7,000 years old recovered from archaeological sites.
Cotton is also one of the most used natural fibers in existence today, with consumers everywhere wearing and using cotton for various purposes.
The word cotton comes from the Arabic word qutn.Millions of acres globally are devoted to the production of cotton, whether it be new world cotton, with longer, smoother fibers, or the shorter and coarser old world varieties.
Starting in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, each contest was given a different theme and slogan.
This stopped when it was announced that the same slogan would be used every year starting from the Eurovision Song Contest 2024.
The first Contest was won by Swiss singer Lys Assia with the song Refrain.
The first man to win (André Claveau) won the third Contest.
ABBA was the first group to win.
The first person to win the Contest twice was Johnny Logan.
The first woman to win twice was Loreen, whose second win is the most recent victory.
In 1186 the Counts of Berg got to rule Düsseldorf and they made it their residence in 1280.
The Counts of Berg became more and more powerful and Düsseldorf became the capital of the Duchy of Berg-Mark-Kleve-Jülich in 1380.
Düsseldorf is one of the most important economical centres in Germany.
It has a regional stock exchange.
More than 170 national financial institutions and 130 insurances work in Düsseldorf.
Two of the four leading mobile phone companies of Germany have their seat in Düsseldorf like 18 internet providers and more than 400 advertising agencies.
Düsseldorf is one of the European centres of fashion industry and has one of the most important trading shows.
The TV channels CNN and NBC Giga have their German centres in Düsseldorf.
There is a lot of manufacturing industry too – like the chemical company Henkel.
Düsseldorf is one of the cultural centres in Germany.
The poet Heinrich Heine was born in Düsseldorf in 1797.
The classical musicians and composers Clara and Robert Schumann lived most of their lifetime in Düsseldorf and the romantic composer Felix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy spent two years in the town in the mid-1830s.
Düsseldorf has a lot of museums, especially for Arts of the 20th and the 21st century.
Most important is the Arts Collection of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Kraftwerk, the first techno band worldwide and the punk rock band Die Toten Hosen come from Düsseldorf, too.
Düsseldorf has a university, the Heinrich-Heine-University with nearly all subjects in mathematics, sciences, philosophy, history, languages, economy, law, and medicine.
Düsseldorf has also a university of applied sciences, the Fachhochschule Düsseldorf.
These two institutes have almost 30.000 students.
The Clara und Robert Schumann Musikschule is a well-known college for classical music education.
There is one technical college and a lot of other colleges, too.
The traditional sport in Germany is football (soccer).
For a long time Fortuna Düsseldorf 1895, the most traditional football team in Düsseldorf (est.
1895), was very successful and won, for example, the European Cup, after one year back in the Bundesliga Fortuna went down to the German 2nd division in 2013.
Most successful sports team in Düsseldorf is the icehockey team of the DEG Metro Stars, former DEG - Düsseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft, the most successful icehockey team in Germany for a long time with famous players like John-Peter Lee, Chris Valentine or Helmut de Raaf.
Rogers always fed his aquarium fish during the show.
He would always tell his audience that he was feeding them.
This was because he got a letter from a young blind girl who wanted to know each time he did this.
The program would end with Rogers singing It's Such a Good Feeling.
Rogers was honored on a special United States postage stamp in March 2018.
On September 21, 2018, Google Doodle honored him with a stop-motion video of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
On October 23, 2018, during the first game of the 2018 World Series, Rogers's first television commercial was for Google's Pixel 3 smartphone.
In the ad, Rogers sings Did You Know which was the first time his voice or images has been used in a commercial for a product on television.
Vanilla Ninja is a music group made up of four girls named Lenna Kuurmaa, Katrin Siska, Piret Järvis.
Previous members are Triinu Kivilaan & Maarja Kivi.
In September 1961, Haile Selassie attended the Conference of Heads of State of Government of Non-Aligned Countries in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.
That is considered to be the founding conference of the Non-Aligned Movement.
After the American War of Independence, the British resettled some 7,300 Loyalists and their slaves in the Bahamas from New York, Florida, and the Carolinas.
The first group of loyalists left St.
Augustine in East Florida in September 1783.
These Loyalists established plantations on several islands.
British Americans were outnumbered by the African-American slaves they brought with them, and ethnic Europeans remained a minority in the territory.
Nearly 500,000 people live in The Bahamas.
The ethnic groups of the population is: 82% African descent 15% European & Mixed descent 3% Asian and other.
Religion in Samoa includes the following: Christian Congregational Church of Samoa 35.5%, Roman Catholic 19.6%, Methodist 15%, Latter-day Saints 12.7%, Samoan Assemblies of God 10.6%, Seventh-day Adventist 3.5%, Worship Centre 1.3%, unspecified 0.8%.There is also about 522 Jehovah's Witnessses in Samoa since 1931.
Samoa has one of seven Bahá'í Houses of Worship in the world.
It is in Tiapapata.
Goldstar is an Israeli beer that has been brewed in Israel since the 1950s.
Wank is a mountain in the Bavarian Alps, by Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Germany, close to the Austrian border.
The province of British Columbia announced it is holding a public inquiry into this issue.
Evolutionary biology is a subfield of biology that studies how species start and change over time; or in other words, how species evolve.
Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist.
There is a search box in Firefox that can be seen in the top right corner of the window.
When someone using Mozilla Firefox types something in the search box and presses enter, the browser will search the Internet using a search engine like Google or Yahoo!.
Regional accents were much stronger in the past.
In virtually all countries the regional accents were stronger in the past than they are today.
Even a small country like England had many dialects, which sounded almost like different languages.
Louis Braille (4 January 1809 - 6 January 1852) was a French inventor.
He was born in .
He invented the script braille system, which helps blind people to read.
Braille is read by passing one's fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six raised points.
It has been adapted to almost every known language.
Numbers can be written normal in Braille and there are as well some short forms for common words.
Historians and scholars mostly think Johnson is good compared to other presidents because of his domestic policies which helped civil rights, health care, and welfare.
However, he gets criticism for his role in escalating the Vietnam War, which resulted in the deaths of 58,220 American service members, dropping over 7.5 million tons of explosives over Vietnam, and the use of the noxious herbicide Agent Orange.
Villeneuve-d'Ascq has more than 65,000 people and attracts 50,000 students.
With 56 letters [16 vowels and 36 consonants, 4 removed], Telugu has more letters in its alphabet than any other language.
There were letters for sounds Al, Aluu, which were later removed from the alphabet.
Every Telugu word ends with an vowel.
Since 2011, the PS3 was sold in a new, slimmer, and more efficient model with a 160 GB or 320 GB of hard drive memory.
The Xbox 360 was released in the United States and Canada on November 22, 2005 in Europe on December 2, 2005, and in Japan on December 10, 2005.
It was later launched in Malaysia, Mexico, Colombia, South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Chile, India, Brazil, Poland, Czech Republic, and Russia.
When the console was first released in North America, demand was more than the supplies and the console sold out at many stores.
Many people sold the console on eBay for higher prices, and it was not until early 2006 that the Xbox 360 became more available in stores again.
Bacteria are identified and grouped by their shapes.
Bacilli are rod-shaped, cocci are ball-shaped, spirilla are spiral-shaped, and vibrio are shaped like a comma or a boomerang.
It is set in third-person which means the player can see the person (in this case it is CJ) on the screen.
He is controlled using the left and right analog sticks on the PlayStation 2 controller.
CJ is the character who is used to play with and he can perform different moves.
These are shooting, kicking/punching, jumping, crouching, and even swimming.
He can attack other people by either using hand-to-hand combat or shooting them.
Sometimes, the attacked person may fight back and try to kill the player.
He can get into a nearby vehicle or steal one from another person if it is being driven.
If the police see CJ doing crimes, however, they will chase him and try to stop him.
If CJ gets caught by the police he loses all of his weapons and some money and he will appear at the nearest police station (the same happens when the player dies, except he appears at a hospital instead).
If CJ loses his weapons, he can buy weapons from different gun shops (although he must pay for them).
Barry Switzer (born October 5, 1937 in Crossett, Arkansas, USA) was an American football coach.
He coached both professional and college football for 32 years.
Switzer is one of only three head coaches to win both a college football national championship and a Super Bowl.
He has one of the highest winning percentages in the history of college football.
Forestry means working to take care of forests.
Someone who has a job looking after forests is called a forester.
In Spanish cuisine, tortillas are very different; they are closer to an omelette based on potatoes, usually mixed with other ingredients like onions, pork sausages or other vegetables; they can be baked or cooked in a frying pan.
Also many Latin-American countries call omelettes tortillas, and the ingredients can be different in every country, using their local ingredients and by choice of the chef.
If Mary did not produce a child, then Mary's half-sister, Elizabeth, was to be Queen.
After Elizabeth and her heirs, would come Henry's sister Mary Tudor's side of the family.
Norrland is the northernmost region of Sweden.
The other two regions are Götaland and Svealand.
Norrland includes the Swedish counties Gävleborg County, Västernorrland County, Jämtland County, Västerbotten County and Norrbotten County.
By Upper Norrland people usually mean Norrbotten and Västerbotten counties.
She was the daughter of John III, Duke of Cleves and Maria of Julich Berg.
She was born in Düsseldorf on 22 September 1515.
Eleanor was married to Henry Clifford in 1537.
She then became the Countess of Cumberland.
Frances Brandon was a cruel, abusive mother to her children and a bold wife to her husband, Henry Grey.
She had spent her childhood with her mother and was very close to Catherine of Aragon, so she was against Henry VIII's marriage to Anne Boleyn.
In 1533, she married Henry Grey and soon she had two children who died young before having Lady Jane Grey in 1537, Katherine in 1540, and Mary in 1545.
He became leader of Germany in 1888, when his father died.
He disagreed with his father's longtime chancellor, Otto von Bismarck, and dismissed him in 1890.
About 250,000 people actively speak Kölsch.
More than 2,500,000 people understand Kölsch well and use some Kölsch, or a variant, somehow.
Different verbs change in different ways to make the past tense.
The most common way is by ending with ed or we usually says REGULAR VERB.
Sheep were domesticated (tamed) in southwestern Asia about 11,000 years ago and now about 1 billion are now widely bred around the world.
Manila () is the capital city of the Philippines.
It is one of the largest cities in the Philippines.
Manila is on the biggest island of the Philippines, Luzon.
Manila is by a bay named Manila Bay.
The metropolitan area, called Metro Manila, is much larger.
It stretches across a thin strip of land (called an isthmus) to a lake called Laguna de Bay.
Manila has a population of 1.78 million people.
The hobbit Bilbo Baggins lives a quiet and peaceful life.
One day the wizard Gandalf comes to him, and with him thirteen dwarves: Thorin Oakenshield, Fíli and Kíli, Balin, Dwalin, Óin, Glóin, Dori, Nori, Ori, Bifur, Bofur, and Bombur.
The dwarves tell their story: A long time ago they lived in the Lonely Mountain.
Thorin's father was their king, the King under the Mountain.
But one day the dragon Smaug came to the Lonely Mountain and killed all of the dwarves he found.
The dragon took their treasure and now lives in the Lonely Mountain.
But some of the dwarves could flee.
In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron wanted to rule Middle-earth.
He disguised himself as Annatar, the Lord of Gifts, and pretended to be good.
As Annatar he told the elves how to make magical rings which give power to their wearers.
Samwise comes to the Tower of Cirith Ungol, but the different Orc groups in it had a fight and almost all of them are now dead.
Sam frees Frodo and gives him back the One Ring.
The two hobbits disguise themselves as orcs, escape from the Tower and continue their journey through Mordor.
It is a hard journey, and the Ring's influence on Frodo is very strong now.
One time the hobbits are forced to walk with an army of orcs, but they can escape without being discovered.
A Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (or M.A.S.H.
or MASH) was a medical center used during wars, to care for and fix injured soldiers who got hurt in the fighting.
They were an alternative to field hospitals and real hospitals which were used in World War II.
During the Korean War, thanks to these kinds of hospitals, soldiers had a 97% chance of surviving an injury.
They were also used in the Vietnam War and the first Gulf War, but were gradually replaced by Combat Support Hospitals or CSHs which are used today.
The following table shows the parishes with their populations in the 2011 census.
Denver was founded in November 1858 as Denver City during the Pikes Peak Gold Rush as a mining town in western Kansas Territory.
That summer, a group of gold prospectors from Lawrence, Kansas, started a settlement on the banks of the South Platte River.
They called it Montana City.
This was the first settlement in what was later to become the city of Denver.
The settlement faded quickly.
By the summer of 1859 it was abandoned in favor of Auraria (named after the gold mining town of Auraria, Georgia), and St.
Charles City.
Kazakhstan is a transcontinental country mostly in Asia with a small western part across the Ural River in Europe.
It has borders with the Russian Federation in the north and west, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the southwest, and China in the far east.
The northern border is mostly with Siberia, Russia, so Russia has the longest border with Kazakhstan.
Basically, Kazakhstan runs from the Caspian Sea in the west to the mainly Muslim Chinese autonomous region of Xinjiang.
Each province is headed by an Akim (provincial governor) appointed by the president.
Municipal Akims are appointed by province Akims.
The Government of Kazakhstan moved its capital from Almaty to Astana on December 10, 1997.
Items at a grocery store can be sold in one of two ways.
Most fruits, vegetables, meat, and seafood are usually sold by weight (for example, apples cost 99 cents per pound), while other items are usually sold by quantity (for example, table salt costs $1.59 for each box).
Not all items are the same price at each grocery store.
Also, every week, some items at grocery stores cost less that what it normally would cost (we say that these items are on sale), so people would want to go buy them since they don't have to pay as much as they would normally have to get that item.
Many grocery stores print a flyer that shows which items are on sale that week.
These flyers are then sent to other people in the mail, who would read the flyer and go to the store to buy the items shown in it.
The church includes a small atrium (decorated by a large stone cross), an inside yard with a large garden and a large session hall where the frayers held dissertations or capitulations of faith.
Isaac and his wife Rebecca had two twin sons, Esau and Jacob.
Jacob traded food to Esau for Esau's right to carry the family name.
Rebekah helped trick Isaac, who was old and blind, into giving his final blessing to Jacob by dressing him in fur (Isaac felt Jacob's furs and thought he was his hairy twin, Esau).
Esau later got a blessing of his own.
Paraguay, officially the Republic of Paraguay (), is a small country in South America.
It is landlocked, meaning that it is not next to the ocean.
It is bordered to the North and East by Brazil, the West by Bolivia, and the South and Southeast by Argentina.
The main languages are Spanish and Guaraní.
Fighting between the United States and Mexico started.
They fought over what was to become the Southwestern United States and who could own this land.
This was called the Mexican-American War.
The war ended in an American victory in 1848.
Nevada later became an American territory in 1861.
It was called the Nevada Territory.
This was not all of Nevada as it is today.
The eastern part of Nevada was part of Utah Territory and the southern part was part of New Mexico.
In 1859 in the Comstock Lode, gold and silver were first discovered.
This started a huge growth in mining in the state which Nevada is known for.
In 1948, Alfred Kinsey published the Kinsey scale.
The Kinsey scale shows that sexuality is a continuum.
This means it moves little by little from heterosexuality to homosexuality.
On the Kinsey scale, a 0 is someone who is only heterosexual.
A 6 is someone who is only homosexual.
Someone who is equally homosexual and heterosexual (bisexual) is a 3.
The Barbados Defence Force has roughly 600 members.
The Barbados Defence Force (BDF) is the name given to the combined armed forces of Barbados.
The BDF was established August 15, 1979, and has responsibility for the territorial defence and internal security of the island.
The headquarters for the Barbados Defence Force are in the St.
Ann's Fort area at The Garrison, Saint Michael.
The Barbados Regiment — this is the main land force component, and encompasses both regular and reserve units.
Barbados Coast Guard — this is the maritime element, with responsibility for patrolling Barbados' territorial waters as well as drug interdiction and humanitarian and life-saving exercises.
It too encompasses both regular and reserve units.
Barbados Cadet Corp — Military youth organisation.
Includes Infantry and Sea Cadets.
This organisation was started in 1904.
The first females joined the cadet corps in 1970s to 1980s.
The Cadet Corps has a pledge and also a song.
It started with 3 normal units but today has expanded to 22.
These units are grouped into Zones.
There are also a band, sea cadet and medical units along with a shooting programme.
San Francisco has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate (Csb in the Köppen climate classification).
The record high temperature is 41.1 °C (106 °F) on September 1, 2017.
The record low temperature is -4.4 °C (24 °F) on December 9, 1972.
Croatia would remain as a part of the empire of Austria-Hungary under Ferdinand's descendants until 1918.
In 1918 it became a part of Kingdom of Slovenians, Croats and Serbs, later named Yugoslavia which was occupied in World War II.
The President of the Republic is the head of state.
The President is directly elected to a five-year term.
The Constitution limits the President to a maximum of two terms.
Zoran Milanović became president in 2020.
The retirement age for men is 65 years and for women 60 years.
Below is a list of the 23 regions as of 2012.
For years the search for precious metals in the Medicine Bow Mountains, 30 miles (48 km) to the west, provided employment.
The railroad, cattle and sheep ranches, forest products, and the University of Wyoming (founded there in 1886) are important factors in the economy, as are tourism and cement making.
The University Stock Farm is in the city, and the Geological Museum on the main campus exhibits a dinosaur skeleton discovered in the area.
The university also maintains an art museum, an anthropology museum, and an insect museum.
Liverpool Airport opened in 1930, it was later renamed Liverpool John Lennon Airport.
It has three tunnels under the River Mersey, one for trains and two (Queensway and Kingsway) for cars travelling to and from Wirral.
Motorways running into Liverpool include the M62 from Manchester, the M58 and the M53 from Wirral.
The inner ring road is Queens Drive and the outer ring road is the M57.
A refrigerator is a machine used for keeping things cold.
It is sometimes called a fridge or an icebox.
It is normally maintained at 4-5 degree Celsius for household use.
People put food and drinks in it, to keep those items cold or good (unspoiled) for a longer time.
A refrigerator has a heat pump which takes heat away from the air inside the fridge.
The heat is moved to the air outside.
The heat pump is usually driven by an electric motor.
Vilnius is the Roman Catholic center of the country, with the main church institutions and Archdiocesan Cathedral located here.
There are many churches in the city as there are many monasteries and religion schools.
The Church architecture in the city includes Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical styles, these styles can be foundin the Old Town.
Vilnius is considered one of the main centers of the Polish Baroque movement in architecture of churches.
Vilnius has been home to an Eastern Orthodox Christian presence since the thirteenth century.
A famous Russian Orthodox monastery, named for the Holy Spirit, is located near the Gate of Dawn. St.
Paraskeva's Orthodox Church in the Old Town is the site of the baptism of Hannibal, the great-grandfather of Pushkin, by Tsar Peter the Great in 1705.
A number of Protestant and other Christian groups are present in Vilnius, most notably the Lutheran Evangelicals and the Baptists.
Guernsey is an island in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy.
It is one of the Channel Islands, and is the main administration island of the Bailiwick of Guernsey'.
Charles III is the head of state, but it has a government of its own, with its own laws and special status when it comes to taxes.
Castel, Forest, St Andrews, St Martins, St Peter Port, St Pierre du bois, St Sampson, St Saviour's, Torteval, Vale.
David Howell Evans (born 8 August 1961), more widely known as The Edge, is an English-born musician.
He is known best as the guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist for the Irish rock band U2.
To the north of Lombardy is the country of Switzerland (Canton Ticino and Grigioni).
To the west is the region of Piedmont.
To the east are the regions of Veneto and Trentino - Alto Adige.
To the south is the region of Emilia-Romagna.
Sardinia and Sicily are islands.
They have different problems than other regions.
They have also some different laws.
Abingdon is a town in England.
It is in the Thames Valley in southern England, 5.5 miles (8.9 km) south of Oxford.
It is the seat (place of the government) of the Vale of White Horse district in Oxfordshire.
Abingdon was once the county town of Berkshire.
It is one of several places which claim to be Britain's oldest occupied town.
However, in 8 BCE (746 AUC), emperor Augustus Caesar corrected the problem.
The next leap year was 7 CE (160 AUC).
With the simple cycle, the length of the Julian year is exactly 365.25 days (365 days and 6 hours), but the actual time it takes for the Earth to go around the Sun once is closer to 365.2422 days (about 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 seconds).
This difference is about 365.25 - 365.2422 = 0.0078 days (11 minutes and 14 seconds) each year, although Greek astronomers knew that.
This made the seasons get out of track, since the real first day of spring in western Europe (the equinox - day and night the same length) was happening earlier and earlier before the traditional 21 March as the centuries went by.
By the 1500s, it was starting around 11 March, ten days 'too early' according to the calendar.
If February has 28 days, then the year is 365 days long.
It has a major Information Technology (IT) center.
This city is managed by the Pune Municipal Council (PMC).
Dhikr is a kind of worship to God.
It is often performed by the Sufis in congregation, and each Sufi order has its special kind of Dhikr.
In July 2005, he suspended the Bundestag at Chancellor Gerhard Schröder's request.
Schröder had lost a motion of confidence in the Bundestag.
This led to early election for the Bundestag in September 2005.
Williams has composed music for all but two of Steven Spielberg's movies (Duel and The Color Purple).
Camellia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Theaceae, native to eastern and southern Asia from the Himalaya east to Japan and Indonesia.
Scientists are still discussing how many species there are.
The number of species varies between 100 and 250.
Linnaeus named the genus inhonour of Fr.
Georg Joseph Kamel, a Jesuit botanist.
amel brought C.
japonica from Manila to Spain.
Camellia species are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of butterfly species.
Skimmed milk (United Kingdom), or skim milk (United States of America) is made when all the cream (also called milkfat) is removed from whole milk.
Sometimes, only half the cream is removed, resulting in semi-skimmed milk instead.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, composers wrote a lot of music for solo violin.
Many of these composers were from Italy.
They were themselves violinists.
Some of these violinists are Corelli, Vitali, Vivaldi, Veracini, Geminiani, Locatelli and Tartini.
Wolves are carnivores and eat mostly medium to large size hoofed animals (unguligrades), but they will also eat rodents, insectivores and foxes.
Some wolves have been seen eating salmon, seals, beached whales, lizards, snakes and birds.
They also eat moose, bison, deer and other large animals.
Mozambique is divided into ten provinces (provincias) and one capital city (cidade capital) with provincial status.
The provinces are divided into 129 districts (distritos).
The districts are further divided in 405 Postos Administrativos (Administrative Posts) and then into Localidades (Localities), the lowest geographical level of the central state administration.
Since 1998, 43 Municípios (Municipalities) have been created in Mozambique.
Prince won an Academy Award in 1985 for his song Purple Rain.
Zaphod Beeblebrox is Ford's eccentric semi-cousin.
Beeblebrox is the Galactic President.
He has stolen the Heart of Gold, a spacecraft equipped with the Infinite Improbability Drive.
The depressed robot Marvin the Paranoid Android and Trillian are crew members.
Somalia is an independent country.
Since the Somali Civil War in the early 1990s, there has been no working government that covers all of Somalia; instead, different pirates have been destabilizing the region to the southwest, the Gulf of Aden.
Somalia is now trying to gain control of their people and get back up on its feet with very little resources.
Article 168 of the Constitution of Costa Rica says the political divisions are classified into 3 groups: provinces, cantons, and districts.
The country also has quite a few quality boxers such as Azumah Nelson a three time world champion, Nana Yaw Konadu also a three time world champion, Ike Quartey, and Joshua Clottey.
George Gershwin was born on September 26, 1898, in Brooklyn, New York.
Copland was a strong supporter of liberal ideas.
In the early 1950s, he and other famous writers, actors and intellectuals were accused of supporting communism.
Public opinion changed, though.
In 1964, President Lyndon B.
Johnson presented him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
It is America's highest award to civilians.
Aaron Copland died in 1990 at the age of 90.
But his music lives on.
Ultraviolet is the part of the electromagnetic spectrum shown on the left side of the picture below as black—because humans cannot see light of such short wavelength (or high frequency).
Many animals such as some insects, some reptiles, crocodiles, salamanders, and small birds can see things that this light.
UV is a common abbreviation of ultraviolet, mainly used in technical contexts.
Several aspects of ornithology differ from other disciplines, because they are easy to see and are often attractive.
Many studies of birds have been done by amateurs working in a scientific manner.
Konrad Gesner wrote his Vogelbuch and Icones avium omnium around 1557.
Later, England developed a tradition of ornithology.
Francis Willughby, John Ray, Gilbert White, John Gould (who studied the birds of Australia) and Peter Scott are good examples.
KC and the Sunshine Band was a disco group, that was popular in the 1970s.
They formed in Miami in 1973.
Very rarely, some people (called detransitioners) who have changed sex decide this was a mistake and return to living as members of the sex in which they were born.
Most wheelbarrows have one wheel, but some have two.
Wichita is the biggest city in Kansas; it has almost 400,000 people.
It is in Sedgwick County, which has about 520,000 people.
Sedgwick County has the biggest city in Kansas, but it does not have the most people of any county in Kansas; Johnson County has more than 600,000 people.
Johnson County has four of the biggest cities in Kansas: Overland Park, Olathe, Shawnee, and Lenexa.
They are all suburbs of nearby Kansas City.
Topeka is the capital of Kansas.
Lawrence is a college town between Kansas City and Topeka.
Buchanan supported the rights of slave owners to keep their slaves and wanted Kansas to adopt a constitution that allowed slavery.
Because of that, the Democratic Party was divided on that issue and after the 1858 Congressional election, there were more Republicans in Congress than Democrats.
He did not get along with the Republicans.
In 2002 the King released a new constitution without any voting from the nation & canceled 1973 constitution which caused strong refuse from the most of nation parties & opposition.
After the book was published in 1925, Hadley and Hemingway returned to the United States for the birth of their son, after which they quickly returned to Paris.
An interpreter is a person who receives a non-recorded message spoken in one language, the source language, and repeats the same message in a different language, the target language.
He cannot simply rewind a recording and hear the same speech again.
This makes an interpreter’s job difficult.
Interpreters help to communicate between people speaking different languages.
Some people do not understand fast speech in the source language and find an interpreter speaking their first language useful, too.
Many interpreters perform simultaneous interpretation (SI).
In this mode of interpretation the interpreter produces the message in the target language at the same time.
There is a certain delay called before an interpreter starts speaking.
Depending on the source language’s difficulty, this may be 2 to 16 seconds.
This mode is preferred if listeners possibly will reply after a short time.
Some interpreters also offer consecutive interpretation.
Here, the interpreter listens to a speech for 10 to 15 minutes and takes notes.
After that, the interpreter reproduces the speech in the target language, taking his notes for help.
This mode is sometimes used at conferences, when the audience primarily speaks the target language, but the speaker is an exception.
An interpreter can listen with his ears and sign the speech for deaf people.
There are also interpreters who speak with their mouth while seeing a (possibly deaf) person signing.
Because interpretation is a very difficult task due to the time requirements, interpreters focus on transmitting the main information of a message.
They do not reproduce hesitating discourse markers, like “uhm, “err, “hmm.
Words that only embellish speech are omitted.
On the other hand, interpreters try their best to transmit ideas across cultures.
Proverbs, idioms and figures of speech are mapped to their closest equivalent in the target language, taking account of given context and the audience’s culture.
In order to become a successful interpreter, a candidate must have perfect command of both languages.
Often it is further helpful to have good knowledge of the subject matter.
The job is to transfer ideas.
It is difficult to interpret an idea that is not understood by the interpreter.
For that reason, an interpreter, for instance, specialized in court hearings does not only need to know legal terms and their respective translations, but also what they mean and how they correlate to each other.
Most interpreters are self-employed.
Even the European Parliament employs permanently only a small subset of needed interpreters, namely those who are also translating documents if there is no parliament meeting.
Menem was the first Argentine president to visit Israel.
He was a supporter of Peronist ideas.
He married Adèle in 1822, after his mother's death in 1821.
Their first child, Léopold (born in 1823), died in infancy.
Hugo had four other children called Léopoldine (28 August 1824), Charles (4 November 1826), François-Victor (28 October 1828) and Adèle (24 August 1830).
Hugo published his first novel in 1823 (Han d'Islande).
His second came three years later (Bug-Jargal, 1826).
He published five more volumes of poetry (Les Orientales, 1829; Les Feuilles d'automne, 1831; Les Chants du crépuscule, 1835; Les Voix intérieures, 1837; and Les Rayons et les ombres, 1840) between 1829 and 1840.
This helped his reputation as one of the greatest elegiac and lyric poets of his time.
that instant—too much for tears!
Victor Hugo's first mature work of fiction appeared in 1829.
It reflected his interest for society which appeared more often in his later work.
Le Dernier jour d'un condamné (The Last Day of a Condemned Man) had a big influence on later writers such as Albert Camus, Charles Dickens, and Fyodor Dostoevsky.
Claude Gueux appeared in 1834.
It is a documentary short story about a real-life murderer who had been executed in France.
Hugo himself considered it to be a precursor to his great work on social injustice, Les Misérables.
But Hugo’s first successful novel Notre-Dame de Paris (The Hunchback of Notre Dame), which was published in 1831.
It was quickly translated into other languages across Europe.
One of the effects of the novel was to make the inhabitants of Paris restore the neglected Cathedral of Notre Dame, which was attracting thousands of tourists who had read the popular novel.
The book also inspired a renewed appreciation for pre-renaissance buildings, which began to be actively preserved.
After three unsuccessful attempts, Hugo was finally elected to the Académie française in 1841, confirming his position in the world of French arts and letters.
A group of French scholars, particularly Etienne de Jouy, were fighting against the romantic evolution and had managed to delay Victor Hugo's election.
After that he became increasingly involved in French politics.
He was raised to the peerage by King Louis-Philippe in 1841 and entered the Higher Chamber as a pair de France, where he spoke against the death penalty and social injustice, and in favour of freedom of the press and self-government for Poland.
However, he was also becoming more supportive of the Republican form of government and, following the 1848 Revolution and the formation of the Second Republic, was elected to the Constitutional Assembly and the Legislative Assembly.
The province of Tucumán has a population, in 2010, of 1,448,188; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Lake Constace or Lake of Constance (German: Bodensee) is a large Lake on the river Rhine.
It is on the border between Germany and Switzerland and Austria.
It is the third largest lake in Central Europe after Lake Balaton and Lake Geneva.
It is made of two smaller lakes (called Obersee and Untersee (Upper and lower lake) respectively).
These are joined by a small part of river in Constance.
The samurai (or bushi) were Japanese warriors who were members of the important military class before Japanese society changed in 1868.
The samurai were also considered to be a type of hereditary nobility.
Plato said that people should not do bad things because people who do bad things end up unhappy.
He also said that if people who do bad things get power in a society then that society will become an unhappy one.
He thought that non-philosophers should allow themselves to be ruled by philosophers and that if they do this then they will be happy, because the rule of peoples (democracy) often fall because of unreasonable confusion.
Plato also talked about many other things while discussing these questions including metaphysics, psychology, religion and most branches of philosophy.
Somebody who does not listen to all three parts, or who does not let the mind control the other two will be unhappy.
They might go mad because they do not let the mind control them.
Or they might do things that they later regret.
They will also be disliked by other people and will suffer because of that.
He said that society needs all three things (types of people) but that only the philosophers will be good people.
The others will be dominated by their souls or bodies, not their minds.
The soldiers will not even listen to their minds, and the workers will not listen to their minds or their souls.
A waffle is a cooked food made from a batter that consists of flour, water, baking powder, oil, and eggs.
It has a gridlike appearance because it is cooked in between two hot metal plates in an electric kitchen appliance called a waffle iron.
Waffles are cooked until they become golden-brown in color, with a crispy outer texture and a soft interior.
Waffles are served as a breakfast or as a dessert, and they are usually served with sweet sauces or toppings.
A person who plays a guitar is called a guitarist.
A person who makes or fixes guitars is a luthier, which comes from the word lute.
The word lute, comes from the Arabic Al-Uud, a stringed instrument from the Middle East.
The guitar appears to be derived from earlier instruments known in ancient central Asia as the Sitara.
Instruments very similar to the guitar appear in ancient carvings and statues recovered from the old Iranian capitol of Susa.
The modern word, guitar, was adopted into English from the Spanish word guitarra, which came from the older Greek word kithara.
Possible sources for various names of musical instruments that guitar could be derived from appear to be a combination of two Indo-European roots: guit-, similar to Sanskrit sangeet meaning music, and -tar a widely found root meaning cord or string.
Confucius lived in a time when many states were fighting wars in China.
This period was called the Spring and Autumn period of the Zhou Dynasty.
Like Socrates, Confucius sometimes did not answer philosophical questions himself.
Instead he wanted people to think hard about problems and to learn from others, especially from history.
Confucius wanted people to think about other people more than about money or what they owned.
However he also felt that there should be strong rules in society and that people needed to obey them.
Confucius thought that there were five relationships people could have, and that they all had their own rules.
These were traditional relationships called the 'five prototypes'.
Confucius said that in all these relationships, both people must obey rules.
Confucius said that people should only do things to other people if they would be okay with other people doing those things to themselves.
His students wrote down small stories about him, and things that he said.
The opening to the vagina is located behind the urethral opening and in front of the perineum.
During menopause, as levels of estrogen decrease, tissue in the breasts reduce as well, and the breasts may start sagging.
A study showed that breastfeeding does not cause sagging.
Factors that do influence sagging are the size of the breast (before the first pregnancy), number of pregnancies, body mass index, smoking, age and certain physical disorders.
The breasts of a woman also play a role in human sexual behavior.
They are one of the most visible or obvious female secondary sex characteristics.
They play an important role in sexual attraction of partners.
They can also give pleasure to the individual.
When sexually stimulated, the size of the breasts increases, venous patterns across the breasts become more visible, and nipples grow harder.
During sexual intercourse, it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands.
Breast Tickling sometimes also happens and is done by placing your hands underneath her breasts and tickling upwards.
Breast Tickling can also be done on the top, the sides and her nipples.
Masons build brick walls.
They join bricks together using mortar.
Iowa sends two senators and four representatives to Congress.
In America's Army there are teams of soldiers fighting in a war.
The person who is playing controls a soldier of the US Army from the character's eyes.
This is called first person.
Studies show that bullying happens to people who are gay or lesbian more often than to others in general.
As teenagers, gay young men are more likely to be bullied than lesbians.
The study of fossils by geologists and biologists is known as paleontology.
If the study puts living things in their ecological context it is called paleobiology.
Some philosophers say that an action is caused by a person wanting something and thinking that by doing that action they can get it.
For example, if I want an apple and think that by walking to a table with some apples on it I can get one, then I will walk to the table.
It is important to have both a want (desire) and a thought about how to get it (belief).
Newton's third law of motion says that forces always come in pairs.
When you push a book, the book also pushes you, but it does not push you very far because you have a much larger mass.
However, if you and your friend go ice skating and you push your friend, you and your friend both move back.
Consider a book lying on a table.
The weight of book is acting on the table in the downward direction.
This is action.
The reaction of table act on the book in upward direction.
Moai are stone statues on Easter Island.
Each moai is made out of one large stone but some have an extra stone on top of the head.
Most were made from the volcanic rock in the Rano Raraku area of the island.
Moai are sometimes called heads but they do have shoulders, arms, and a body but these are usually too small for the head, also some of the best known ones had been partly buried over the years and only the heads were showing.
Most moai are between 2.5 and 10 metres high and, usually, weigh 14 tonnes.
There are about 1000 moai placed mainly around the coast of the island plus nearly 400 more which were left not yet finished at Rano Raraku.
Cheney was born at Bryan Medical Center East Campus in Lincoln, Nebraska to Richard Cheney and Marjorie Cheney.
Cheney grew up in Casper, Wyoming.
Cheney lives in Wyoming.
He is an active hunter.
In 2006, he shot a friend by mistake while hunting.
He did not run for president in 2008.
He has criticized President Barack Obama.
His wife Lynne Cheney is a distant cousin of President Barack Obama and he is an 8th cousin of President Barack Obama.
He is a 9th cousin, once removed of George W.
Bush.
Cheney is distantly related to Harry S.
Truman and Robert Duvall by the Duvall family.
He is distantly related to American Express founder Benjamin Pierce Cheney.
P.
falciparum is the most dangerous type of malaria.
It makes people sicker than those with other types of malaria, because there are more of them in the blood.
Also, with falciparum malaria, the red blood cells are sticky.
This makes the red blood cells block blood vessels.
If blood vessels are blocked, this can hurt what the blood vessel brings blood to, and can hurt people's organs.
The expansion of blood vessels is called vasodilation, it helps the body to get rid of heat energy (vas- in Latin means container or vessel).
The pink triangle is one of the two big symbols of the LGBT community.
The other is the rainbow flag.
Galena is the main ore of lead.
It is mostly lead(II) sulphide.
Dole was hospitalized in November 2012 at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.
Calcium is a chemical element.
Its symbol on the periodic table (a list of all the elements) is Ca.
Its atomic number is 20.
(The atomic number says where Calcium sits in the periodic table).
It has 20 protons and 20 electrons (if is an atom, see ion).
The most common isotopes are Ca-40 and Ca-44.
Its mass number is about 40.08.
Missouri's edges touch a total of eight states: Iowa lies to the north; to the east, across the Mississippi River, are Illinois, Kentucky, and Tennessee; Arkansas lies to the south; and on the west are Oklahoma, Kansas, and Nebraska (Kansas and Nebraska are across the Missouri River).
Sioux Falls is the largest city in South Dakota.
In 2020, 192,517 people lived there.
281,958 people live in its metro area.
Guinea pigs need large open air cages in which to romp and frolic.
They should have a diet of 1/8 cup of high quality grass-based guinea-pig pellets daily, as per manufacturer’s instructions.
They should also have unlimited grass hay, and at least one cup of a variety of veggies.
Guinea pigs like to be held in hand.
Guinea pigs should be kept in cages larger than 7.5 square feet or 10.5 square feet for 2 pigs.
They should always have a friend as guinea pigs are social animals.
Injury means a harm or hurt.
Most major record labels are owned by a few large multinational companies.
They make up most of the global recording industry, although there now more independent record labels.
Stomachs of other mammals work differently to human stomachs.
Ruminants, for example, have a stomach with multiple compartments.
There are five versions of the PlayStation Portable, the PSP-1000 (also known as PSP fat), PSP-2000 (slim and light edition, a lighter version of the original PSP), PSP-3000 (bright and light edition, that includes a built in microphone and improved LCD), PSP-N1000 (or PSP Go, with a sliding screen design, bluetooth and internal storage of 16GB replacing the UMD drive).
and PSP-E1000 (similar to PSP-3000, but without stereo sound, Wi-Fi and microphone).
Some women have an abortion because the society they live in pressures them to.
Induced abortion is a subject that is controversial.
Each person has a system of moral values.
Based on their system of morals, people have different opinions about it.
Religion can also influence this opinion.
There is a hypothesis that induced abortion raises the risk of getting breast cancer.
People who support this, call it a link, rather than a hypothesis.
Researchers from the University of California, San Francisco published a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study analyzed data from dozens of medical reports and other studies.
The researchers concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy.
However a number of medical critics have since disputed these conclusions.
There are certain connections in the thalamus of the fetuse.
These connections develop at about twenty-six weeks of pregnancy.
At the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that these connections are very important when it comes to the perception of pain in the fetus.
Other researchers such as Anand and Fisk have challenged this late date, positing that pain can be felt around twenty weeks.
Flamenco performance has evolved during the history of this musical genre.
In the beginning (the 18th century at the latest), songs were sung without any guitar accompaniment.
During the 19th century, the guitar was used to accompany songs.
Since the second half of the 19th century, the solo guitar is played in flamenco concerts.
In 1999, the E Street Band and Springsteen officially played together again.
They made a reunion tour which lasted over one year.
The last two concerts of the tour were recorded for an HBO Concert also a DVD and album was released under the title Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band: Live in New York City.
The same year Springsteen was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
He did most of his records with the E Street Band.
The band was formed in October, 1972.
Although Springsteen played with other bands, the E Street Band was his band for 40 years.
The band took the name from a street in Belmar, New Jersey where the mother of a founding member lived and allowed the band to practice.
The band members do also solo works and play as session musicians (for example: Bittan and Van Zandt for Bob Dylan on Empire Burlesque).
Clemons and Lofgren also went on tour with Ringo Starr and his All-Starr Band in 1989.
In one of her earliest publications, 'Reform or Revolution?' (1900) Luxemburg accepted Marx's argument that capitalism promoted exploitation and was at odds with humanity's natural, fraternal instincts.
She also agreed that evolutionary socialism was impossible: only revolution could create real change.
However, like Lenin, she had little sympathy for Marx's 'historicism' and denied that for a revolution to occur, capitalism would have to reach an advanced stage of development.
However, Luxemburg's analysis of how the revolution should come would distinguish her from both Marx and Lenin.
A prefix is a part of a word or a word, within a word.
It is put at the start of another word to make a different meaning.
It can also mean a number that is put in at the start to show which number something is in a group.
It is a type of affix.
compound nouns (in other cases also compound adjectives).
Scientists and doctors use prefixes in many words.
Sometimes people make up words by adding a prefix.
These words are not in a dictionary.
But if people use these words enough, sometimes they go into dictionaries.
Today, the ideas of human rights are protected as legal rights in national and international law.
Human sperm is made in the testicles of a man.
Human sperm contains 23 chromosomes.
A human needs 46 chromosomes, so a sperm cell is called a haploid as it only has half.
The other half is contained within the ovum or egg of a female.
During sex, semen is shot out of the man's penis during ejaculation.
Semen carries the sperm into the woman's vagina and down to the ovum in the uterus.
During ejaculation millions of sperm cells are released in the semen, but only one hundred or so reach the egg.
Some plants such as ferns and mosses have sperm that move.
Flowering plant sperm cells cannot move by themselves.
The flowering plant sperm cells are contained within pollen grains.
Honey can be classified by the type of flower that the bees make the honey from.
Most commercially available honey is a mixture of two or more honeys that differ in the source of the flower, color, flavor, density, or geographic origin.
Polyfloral honey, also called wildflower honey, is gotten from the nectar of many types of flowers.
The taste may be different from year to year, and the smell and the taste can be more or less powerful, depending on which flowers are blooming.
A cracker is a thin and crispy piece of baked bread.
Crackers can be eaten by themselves, but they can also be eaten with things on them called toppings.
Common toppings include cheese, peanut butter, and sliced meats.
Crackers are most often eaten as a snack, or crumbled into soup.
A biologist is a scientist who studies biology.
Biologists study living organisms.
Because testicular cancer is curable (stage I can have a success rate of >95%) when detected early, experts recommend regular monthly testicular self-examination after a hot shower or bath, when the scrotum is looser.
Men are advised to feel each testicle, feeling for pea-shaped lumps.
Today, the word is used for venues with a dance floor and a DJ playing pop, rock, and dance music recordings.
Some nightclubs have entertainment such as pop bands, rock bands, or comedians.
Some nightclubs have a quieter lounge area with couches, sofas, and low tables, so that people can talk together.
A ciné camera or movie camera takes a rapid sequence of photographs on image sensor or strips of photographic film.
Unlike a still camera the ciné camera takes a series of images, each one is called a frame.
The frames are later played back in a ciné projector at a specific speed, called the frame rate (number of frames per second).
While viewing, human visual system merges the separate pictures to create the illusion of motion.
The first ciné camera was built around 1888.
By 1890 several types were being made.
The standard film size for ciné cameras was quickly established as 35mm film.
This remained in use until transition to digital cinematography.
Although the word turtle is widely used to describe all members of the order Testudines, it is also common to see certain members described as terrapins, tortoises or sea turtles.
How these names are used depends on the type of English.
Aquatic respiration in Australian freshwater turtles is being studied.
Some species have large cloacal (the hole used for mating and excretion) holes that are lined with many finger-like projections.
These projections, called papillae, have a rich blood supply, and increase the surface area of the cloaca.
The turtles can take up oxygen from the water using these papillae, in much the same way that fish use gills to take in oxygen.
An alternative notation for formula_5 is formula_6.
Dolphin therapy is sometimes used for people with mental or physical handicaps.
It involves contact with trained dolphins.
It is not agreed whether this is any better than the usual treatments.
The flesh of domestic pigs is eaten as food and is called pork.
The Jewish and Muslim religions, and some Christian denominations, believe eating pork is wrong.
Pig farmers take care that the animals do not get diseases or parasites which might harm humans.
Rahmon Nabiev, who ran the country during Soviet Union in the late 1970s and early 1980s, become its president.
He was unable to bring any much-needed reforms to the country, and so there were protests in the capital city, Dushanbe.
He appeared in his own made-for-video movie in 1999.
The Jacketed Hollow Point (JHP) has a lead center (core) with lead showing at the tip.
It also has a strong metal coating (jacket).
The center of the tip has a hole in it (hollow point).
This design makes the tip of the JHP quickly start to spread out (expand) when it hits a target.
The hollow point bullet in a rifle can be as small as a pin.
When the hollow point is this small, the bullet will go faster and still spread out when it hits a living target.
In some hollow point rifle bullets, the front may spread out to two times as wide as the bullet was when it started.
It is a good hunting bullet because the energy in the bullet is transferred to the target at a known depth.
The jacketed hollow point tends to be accurate and is sturdy.
If a player goes All In and two or more players are still betting, the other betters can raise each other until they both call (or one of them also goes All In).
A side pot is made in this case.
It is the difference between the final bet and the first person's All In.
Only the two players were not All In can win this pot.
If the All In player wins the hand, he wins the main pot (his money plus an equal amount from each other player) and which ever of the other two players had the better hand wins the side pot.
In an eight player game, it is possible to have several side pots with several people being All In at the same time.
If there are not two player left who can bet, betting stops and all players turn their hands over.
The oldest kind of side-blown flute was made in India.
There are flutes in many cultures.
The flute has been described as a musical weed which springs up everywhere.
The lute is a kind of musical instrument with strings.
Over the years, DC Comics' parent company Warner Brothers (with a few exceptions) has produced a variety of live-action and animated feature movies, television series, direct-to-video releases, television movies, action figures, documentary movies, and video games based on its characters which have made them even more popular.
Robert Lane Saget was born on May 17, 1956, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Dolly and Benjamin Saget.
He attended Abington Senior High School in Abington Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, before attending Temple University.
The beach fortifications were important targets since a single artillery observer could have directed fire on the American beaches.
The Rangers captured the fortifications.
They then had to fight for two days to hold the location and lost more than 60 percent of their men.
The liberation of Paris followed shortly afterwards.
The French Resistance in Paris rose attacked the Germans on 19 August.
The French 2nd Armoured Division, under General Philippe Leclerc, along with the US 4th Infantry Division, accepted the surrender of the German forces there and liberated Paris on 25 August.
By the time of the Normany breakout, the Allies also had superiority in numbers of troops (approximately 3.5:1) and armored vehicles (approximately 4:1), which helped overcome that the natural advantages the rough land gave to the German defenders.
When it was finally released late in the day, success was more difficult.
Although the 21st Panzer Division had attacked earlier, it faced strong opposition, which had been allowed to build at the beaches.
Overall, the Allied material superiority continued to grow, but the Germans slowed the Allies advance for nearly two months and were aided by the rough land.
Cerri was seen as the most authoritative Italian guitarist in the jazz field, and his innate sympathy has meant that many viewers, seeing its shares on TV (especially in the 60s), come close to jazz, and studying guitar.
Portuguese is the official language of all countries of the CPLP (Comunidade dos países de língua portuguesa, Community of Portuguese Language Countries).
The Portuguese-speaking countries have more than 240 million people across the world.
Nepal () is a country in South Asia between India and China.
Mount Everest, the highest mountain in the world, and the central Himalaya Mountains are in Nepal.
12 of the world's highest mountain peaks are in Nepal.
It is also the birthplace of Buddha.
It has recently become a secular country, but before it was the only Hindu Kingdom in the world.
Nepal is a very important pilgrimage place for both Hindus and Buddhists.
The population of Nepal in 2021 was almost 29 million people.
Modern education in Nepal started with the opening of the first school in 1853.
This school was only for the members of the ruling families and their courtiers.
Schooling for the general people began only after 1951.
It was when a popular movement ended the autocratic Rana family regime and started a democratic system.
In the past 50 years, there has been a big expansion of education facilities in the country.
As a result, adult literacy (age 15+) of the country was reported to be 48.2% (female: 34.6%, male: 62.2%) in the Population Census, 2001, up from about 5% in 1952–54.
In the beginning in 1951, there were about 300 schools and two colleges with around 10,000 students.
Now, there are more than 26,000 schools (including higher secondary), 415 colleges, five universities, and two academies of higher studies.
In total, 5.5 million students are studying in those schools and colleges who are taught by more than 150,000 teachers.
Nepal has seven provinces.
Each province has 8 to 14 districts.
The districts have local units called municipalities.
When he started the Marathon of Hope, Fox had to run through very bad weather.
He ran through strong wind, rain, and snow before he got to Channel-Port aux Basques.
The 10,000 people in the town cheered for him.
They gave him $10,000.
During the run, Fox got angry at people he thought were stopping him from running.
He also got mad at Alward.
Fox's brother, Darrell, joined them when they got to Nova Scotia.
This was so Fox did not get mad at Alward as much.When he ran through Quebec, Fox had many problems because he could not speak French.
Many people driving cars also tried to get him off the road.
Fox got to Montreal on June 22.
By the time he was in Montreal, people had given $200,000 to cancer research.
The creator of Four Seasons Hotel and Resorts, Isadore Sharp, let Fox's group stay at his hotel and get food.
He also said he was going to donate $2 for every mile Fox ran.
Sharp got almost 1,000 other people to also do this.
This was because Sharp's son died of cancer, so he wanted Fox to finish his run.
The Canadian Cancer Society told Fox that more people would donate to cancer research if he got to Ottawa on Canada Day (July 1).
He stayed in Montreal for a few more days to do this.
When using standard metric names like kilo-, mega- and giga-, they should follow the same measure that other metric measurements use, like kilometer (1 kilometer = 1,000 meters), or gigahertz (1 gigahertz = 1,000,000,000 hertz) for example.
Breathing is moving air in and out of the lungs.
The air going in and out is called breath.
If a person cannot breathe, they will die.
With a population of 153,668, Nevers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Stephen King was born in Portland, Maine.
His mother's name is Nelie Ruth and his father's name is Donald Edwin King.
A cactus does not have leaves because it lives in dry places.
Leaves transpire, and this can waste water.
So, the cactus saves water by having no leaves.
The green parts of the cactus are actually its stems.
Because the stems are green, they do the photosynthesis for the cactus.
They also grow prickly needles to protect the cactus from animals that want to eat it.
She was the subject of an assassination attempt when the Grand Brighton Hotel was bombed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army in October 1984.
Thatcher was the first woman to be Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
She was also the first woman to be Conservative Party leader.
Lesotho is a small country in southern Africa, it is an enclave of South Africa.
Its population is about 1,800,000.
formula_23.
The United Nations put economic sanctions in place against Libya in 1992.
These sanctions stopped other countries selling weapons, investing money, or even allowing their people to visit Libya.
After six days when US had captured Iraq's Saddam Hussein, Gaddafi renounced Libya's weapons of mass destruction programs and welcomed international inspections to verify that he would follow through on the commitment.
Gaddafi said he hopes that other nations would follow his example.
UN removed the sanctions in the same year.
Gaddafi solved the Lockerbie plane crash issue by paying US$2.7 billion to the families of the victims.
Prime Minister of Libya Shukri Ghanem, told in the interviews that Gaddafi was paying the price for peace with the West, and suggested that Libya had no role in the case.
United Nations observers would acknowledge such statement and cast doubt towards the whole issue.
Unlike some of the countries around it, Jordan has little petroleum and natural gas.
Some of its economy comes from mining instead.
Jordan is the largest producer of the mineral phosphate in the world.
Derry is the second largest city in Northern Ireland (after Belfast) and the fourth largest city on the island of Ireland (after Dublin, Belfast and Cork.
The population is about 100,000.
The city was founded in 542.
It has old city walls which are still complete.
The city is in County Londonderry, near the border with the Republic of Ireland's County Donegal.
In the past, Oklahoma was used as a path for cattle drives, a place for southern settlers, and a government-made territory for Native Americans.
This is a list of national anthems.
The French Revolution caused much fighting and disorder in France.
At times, Napoleon was connected to those in power.
Other times, he was in jail.
In the French Revolutionary Wars he helped the Republic against royalists who supported the former king of France.
In September 1793, he assumed command of an artillery brigade at the siege of Toulon, where royalist leaders had welcomed a British fleet and troops.
The British were driven out on December 17, 1793, and Bonaparte was rewarded with promotion to brigadier general and assigned to the French army in Italy in February 1794.
The defeat of the Royalist rebellions ended the threat to the Convention and earned Bonaparte sudden fame, wealth, and the patronage of the new Directory.
On March 9, 1796, Napoleon married Josephine de Beauharnais, a widow older than he was and a very unlikely wife to the future ruler.
“Romulus and Remus.
Encyclopaedia Britannica, 11 Aug.
2023, https://www.britannica.com/biography/Romulus-and-Remus.
Major landforms include beaches, barrier islands, salt marsh, sandhills , rolling piedmont, and the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Because of its natural beauty, the state attracts many tourists, especially to Myrtle Beach, Charleston, and Hilton Head Island.
Mormons believe in Jesus Christ as the literal firstborn Son of God and Messiah, his crucifixion as a conclusion of a sin offering, and resurrection.
However, Latter-day Saints (LDS) reject the ecumenical creeds and definition of the Trinity taught by the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Anglican Communion, and Trinitarian Protestantism.
Until calculus was invented, the only way to work this out was to cut the time into smaller and smaller pieces, so the average speed over the smaller time would get closer and closer to the actual speed at exactly 1.5 seconds.
This was a very long and hard process, and had to be done each time people wanted to work something out.
Certainly it is much more difficult for a driver to figure out a car's speed by using only its odometer (distance meter) and clock—without a speedometer.
As technology developed, mechanical watches were largely replaced by vibrating quartz crystals, producing accurately timed electronic pulses.
Some watches use radio technology to correct the time and date.
The first digital electronic watch was developed in 1970and the world's first radio-controlled wristwatch with hands was manufactured 1991 by the German watchmaker Junghans.
There was no electricity in the dark house.
They had to search it with oil lamps, lanterns, and flashlights.
The place looked like it had not been clean in years.
The few rooms that were not nailed shut were full of books, old papers, magazines, utensils, tin cans, cartons and other junk.
ICs are designed for different purposes.
For example, a chip may be designed just for a calculator, which can only work as a calculator.
Integrated circuits can be classified into analog, digital and mixed signal (both analog and digital on the same chip).
ICs are found in many household items such as radios, computers, and telephones, and many others.
In mathematics, a function is a mathematical object that produces an output, when given an input (which could be a number, a vector, or anything that can exist inside a set of things).
In the picture, one can see that both 2 and 3 have been paired with c; this is not allowed in the other direction, as 2 could not output c and d at the same time (each input can only have one output).
One can say that the image set of a subset A of the domain is formula_24.
Finally in 1970, Bourbaki gave the modern definition as a triple formula_32, with formula_33 (i.e.
formula_12 and formula_35).
Although grunge as a movement became less popular by the last 1990s, its influence is still heard in many bands.
Grunge musical sounds were copied by post-grunge bands such as Foo Fighters and Nickelback and nu metal bands such as Korn and Limp Bizkit.
Sin descanso a su bien consagrar.
Conservarla es su gloria mayor.
Conquistarse un feliz porvenir.
Con su sangre escribió: ¡LIBERTAD!
Rechazar el odioso poder.
Gran lección de espartana altivez.
De su antiguo valor proverbial.
De la patria salvando el honor.
Su invariable, más firme ambición.
This period in Egyptian history is called predynastic, as it happened before the large dynastic kingdoms were formed.
The script used by priests for everyday writing on papyrus, wood or cloth.
Some ancient Egyptian literature has survived to the present day.
There are teaching texts, such as the Maxims of Ptahhotep, the Instructions of Amenemope, and the Ebers papyrus.
The Ebers papyrus is one of the earliest medical texts ever found.
Farming in Egypt was dependent on the cycle of the Nile River.
The Egyptians recognized three seasons: Akhet (flooding), Peret (planting), and Shemu (harvesting).
The flooding season lasted from June to September, depositing on the river's banks a layer of mineral-rich silt ideal for growing crops.
After the floodwaters had receded, the growing season lasted from October to February.
Farmers plowed and planted seeds in the fields, which were irrigated with ditches and canals.
Egypt received little rainfall, so farmers relied on the Nile to water their crops.
From March to May, farmers used sickles to harvest their crops, which were then threshed with a flail to separate the straw from the grain.
Winnowing removed the chaff from the grain, and the grain was then ground into flour, brewed to make beer, or stored for later use.
There are related languages in the Marquesas, Raratonga, Samoa, some islands of what is now Fiji and New Zealand.
Their languages have changed a lot over the last two thousand years or so.
However, native speakers of all these languages can still understand each other.
The language has only 12 letters (A, E, H, I, K, L, M, N, O, P, U, W).
There are 13 if you count the okina.
The okina is a real letter and came from some K sounds in old Polynesian languages.
The okina is pronounced as a glottal stop, like the break in the middle of the word Uh-oh.
The okina is written as a backward apostrophe (small numeral 6 above and before a vowel).
The Niihau dialect still uses some T, S, R and hints of B sounds.
People who live on that island are the only people who still speak Hawaiian only and their dialect is the truest to its roots.
There are two forms of each of the five vowels.
One is regular, where the vowel is pronounced as a Spaniard would say it.
The other is extended, in written form, where a horizontal bar called a kahako is over the vowel.
The meanings (and pronunciations) of words spelled the same but with or without the appropriate kahakos or okinas can be very different, sometimes even embarrassing.
The host controller polls the bus for traffic, usually in a round-robin fashion, so no USB device can transfer any data on the bus without an explicit request from the host controller.
For USB 1.0 and 1.1, there were two different HCD implementations, Open Host Controller Interface (OHCI) and Universal Host Controller Interface (UHCI).
OHCI was developed by Compaq, Microsoft and National Semiconductor, UHCI by Intel.
Punk rock is a style of rock music.
Many musicians and punk rock music listeners (punk rockers) want to protest or rebel against the norms or rules of society.
Punks say that people should Do It Yourself, which means that people should try to accomplish their goals using the materials in their own communities.
Many punk bands make their own music recordings and distribute them without using a major record company.
In the 1980s, a new type of punk rock called hardcore punk or hardcore developed.
It was louder, harder, and faster than the original punk rock.
By the mid-1980s, hardcore punk rock began being mixed with Heavy Metal rock music.
Many hardcore bands began playing in the United States and in the UK.
Perth () is the capital city of the state of Western Australia.
It is built on the banks of the Swan River.
Almost 2.1 million people live in the city.
It is the fourth biggest city in Australia, behind Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
Perth was founded in 1829 by Captain James Stirling.
He was married to Khadijah (1983–1995, divorced).
His next wife was Khairiah (1985–2011, his death).
His fourth wife was Siham (1987–2011, his death).
He was married to unknown woman in 1996 but the marriage was annulled within a few days.
His last wife was Amal (2000–2011, his death).
There were a total of nine children from these later marriages, making 20 in all.
Famous islands in the Caribbean include Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica, and Puerto Rico.
The countries of Dominican Republic, and Haiti are on Hispaniola.
Ever since then, Spain has tried to get Gibraltar back.
They attacked the Rock several times in the 18th century.
Whale sharks are grey, blue or brown above, with a surface pattern of creamy white spots between pale, vertical and horizontal stripes.
The belly is white.
These markings are camouflage against their backgrounds.
In spite of its large size, the whale shark is timid.
Divers usually hold onto the tails of these sharks and swim with them, and the whale sharks never seem to attack.
With the basking shark and the megamouth shark, the whale shark is one of the three known species of filter feeding sharks.
It feeds mainly on plankton and nekton, small crustaceans, schooling fish, and sometimes on small tuna and squids.
Whale sharks may also sometimes feed on phytoplankton and macroalgae.
Unlike most plankton-feeding vertebrates, the whale shark does not depend on slow forward motion to operate its filtration mechanism.
Instead, it relies on a versatile suction filter-feeding methodology, which allows it to draw in a large amount of water.
This allows the whale shark to capture large amounts of plankton.
Whale sharks are always seen feeding in a vertical or near vertical position with the head at or near the surface.
There is very little information that has been documented about whale sharks mating and giving birth to young.
Some whale sharks which live in captivity are studied by scientists but the whale shark is not very common in aquariums due to its large size.
Qatar is a high income economy and is a developed country, with the world's third largest natural gas reserves and oil reserves.
The country has the highest per capita income in the world.
Qatar is classified by the UN as a country of very high human development and is the most advanced Arab state for human development.
Qatar is a significant power in the Arab world, supporting several rebel groups during the Arab Spring both financially and through its globally expanding media group, Al Jazeera Media Network.
For its small size, Qatar has a lot of influence in the world, and has been identified as a middle power.
Qatar will host the 2022 FIFA World Cup, becoming the first Arab country to do so.
In 2014, Qatar's relations with Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates came to a boiling point over Qatar's support for the Muslim Brotherhood and extremist groups in Syria.
Part of rape culture is victim blaming.
This is when people say that someone who has been raped is the person to blame for their rape.
An example of this is people saying that a rape victim was 'asking for it' because they were wearing a short skirt.
It can also be more subtle.
Victim blaming has been linked to the just world fallacy.
This is when people think that the world is fair, so bad things only happen to people who have done something wrong.
Victim-blaming is also related to 'slut-shaming'.
It is not easy to find out how many people have been raped or how many people have raped.
A lot of rape victims don't tell anyone that they were raped.
They may be scared that they will not be believed or feel too ashamed to talk about what happened.
The conviction rate for rape is very low so they might think reporting to police is a waste of time.
The 2006-07 British Crime Survey found that 1 in every 200 women suffered from rape in that period.
The same year 800 people were convicted of rape.
This means less than 1 in every 100 reports of rape led to a conviction.
A survey by Mumsnet found that 68% of women would hesitate reporting a rape to the police because of low conviction rates.
So rape report statistics are not reliable.
A person may be raped but deny or not realize that what happened to them is rape, so would not say 'yes' if they were asked in survey if they had been raped.
A person is more likely to say they were raped or raped someone if the word 'rape' is not used in a survey question.
Different countries have different legal definitions of rape.
Marital rape or rape that is not male-female is not always counted in the law or statistics.
2.8% of the whole sample reported having raped another man.
20.8% of 1,863 Cambodian men had raped.
Gang rape was the least common kind of rape in Cambodia.
In Cambodia it was more common than non-partner rape by a rapist on their own.
81.7 percent of Cambodian women said that if a woman does not physically fight back it is not rape.
By February, Manson's vision was complete.
The Family would create an album whose songs, as subtle as those of the Beatles, would trigger the predicted chaos.
Ghastly murders of whites by blacks would be met with retaliation and a split between racist and non-racist whites would yield whites' self-annihilation.
Blacks' triumph, as it were, would merely precede their being ruled by the Family, which would ride out the conflict in the bottomless pit—a secret city beneath Death Valley.
This is called angling and it is how people catch fish for fun or sport.
Commercial fishing is usually done using fishing nets.
A church was founded in 860 by Ludger Liudger, as well as the first monastery in Westphalia.
After a big fire 1748 it was built up by Johann Conrad Schlaun.
Its basic job is to separate the inside of cells from the outside.
Continental: Determined by the bigger gap between highs and lows, that results in hotter summers and colder winters, than found in typical Mediterranean zones.
In summer, daily highs can get as high as 40 °C (104.0 °F) during heat waves, but usually are between 32 °C (89.6 °F) and 36 °C (96.8 °F).
However, temperatures drop as the sun sets.
Night temperatures usually fall below 20 °C (68.0 °F), and sometimes as low as 10 °C (50.0 °F) in mid-summer.
Winters are cooler, and can get below the freezing point multiple times between December and February.
Also snow can fall occasionally.
Fès for example registered 8 °C (17.6 °F) in winter 2005.
Annual precipitation varies between 500 and 900 mm.
Notable cities are Fès, Meknès, Chefchaouen, Beni-Mellal and Taza.
Countries or regions that share the same climatic characteristics with Morocco are California(USA), Portugal, Spain and Algeria.
The breeding time is 8 months.
The babies are born six weeks after their mother mates.
At birth, a baby cub weighs less than 2 pounds (0.9 kilograms).
The mother feeds the babies milk, which makes them grow fast, and after 10 weeks, the cubs weigh about 20 to 25 pounds (9.1 to 11.4 kilograms).
During the first year, the cubs begin to eat solid food but still nurse from their mother.
They begin to learn to hunt and swim.
But they cannot live on their own.
By the time they are two years old, the cubs have grown into large bears.
They leave their mother and strike off into territory of their own.
They hunt and live alone.
But they play with other bears they meet.
The polar bear eats seals, fish and fruits (berries).
After Liu had been removed from leadership, the defence minister Lin Biao was ranked second in the party and hoped to succeed Mao.
and other religions.
Meditation has now become a modern trend, showing many health benefits.
Nobody knows who Jack the Ripper really was.
Some think he might have been a doctor or a butcher because of how he killed and cut up the women, much like how a surgeon might perform surgery, or how a butcher might dissect an animal.
All the murders happened on weekends, so it could have been someone who did not live in London but visited the city on weekends, or someone who worked during the week and was only free at the weekends.
Otto Struve (August 12 1897 – April 6 1963) was a Russian astronomer.
He was the grandson of Otto Wilhelm von Struve and the great-grandson of Friedrich Wilhelm von Struve.
Certain bacteria are only affected by specific types of antibiotics.
Antibiotics fight infection caused by bacteria.
Patients might need different types or different amounts of antibiotics depending on what bacteria is causing their health problems.
Because of this, antibiotics should always be used under the supervision of a medical doctor (or other certified medical practitioner).
The doctor can also watch for side effects and change the patient's treatment when necessary.
Antibiotics are very useful when your body is infected by a bacteria.
Sexism is generally defined as discrimination based on the gender of a person—looking down on people because they are male or female.
Sexism may also include stereotyped roles for men and women.
International laws, such as Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women or Yogyakarta Principles demand to abolish any kind of sexism.
Sexism could affect a person attending a party, getting a job, joining a game, trying to get a promotion, being selected and so on.
The Dominican Republic is divided into 31 provinces.
The national capital Santo Domingo de Guzmán is in the Distrito National that is like a province and elects one Senator.
The Soviet Union kept using forced labour camps after World War II.
In fact, the people they sent to the gulags after the war included Soviet soldiers and civilians who had been taken prisoner by the Nazis, or used as slave workers in Nazi Germany.
He is famous for playing the Doctor longer than any other actor.
His version of the character is probably the best remembered by many people.
As he thought of himself as a role model for children, he would always pretend to be the Doctor in real life, and sign autographs for them.
He did not like to see too much violence in Doctor Who.
He once changed the script so the Doctor threatened a character with a jelly baby instead of a knife.
Baker Portrayed Puddleglum the marshwiggle in bbc's adaptation of The chronicles of Narnia the silver chair in 1990.
In 1998, Franklin performed at that year's VH1 Divas Live concert with Céline Dion, Carole King, Mariah Carey, Shania Twain, and Gloria Estefan to sing songs like (You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman, Testify, and You've Got a Friend in Me.
Also, like the House, the Senate can override the president's veto with a (67 votes) vote.
But unlike the house, some bills require a (60 votes) vote (it used to be of the vote) to overcome the filibuster.
A filibuster is when senators band together, they can stop bills from going through the senate.
Fair use is the idea that it should be okay for a person to reuse something that another person has created, in certain amounts and for certain purposes, without breaking the law.
Since a lot of creative work is popular, people want to talk about them, and they may want to talk about them on TV or in a book.
This might mean that they want to use a little bit of it when they talk about it.
The idea of fair use was added to most copyright laws to make sure that it would be OK to do this, as long as only a little bit of someone's work is used.
To make a compost heap, you need some space fairly far from anyone who might have a problem with the smell.
The bottom corner of a garden, or some other place a distance from the house is a good place.
Compost heaps should also be placed on soil, or grass: a paved yard or concrete are bad places.
Lots of popular winter storms are part of North America's history.
In 1846 the Donner Party traveled away by covered wagons from Illinois headed for Sutter's Fort near Sacramento, California.
As an answer of bad decisions and slow going, they tried to go across the big Sierra Nevada Mountains in the late October.
Usually, California is still warm at that time of the year.
As the party crossed the Sierra Nevada Mountains, they did not see any snow and was not worried.
However, after they left, a huge snowstorm hit.
The party was forced to camp near Truckee, California.
The snow was so deep that the wagon wheels became stuck, so they could not move anyplace.
They tried to wait the storm out, but when one blizzard ended, another began immediately before they had time to escape.
The lion represents bravery.
The four leaves represent Karuna, Meththa, Muditha and Upeksha.
The orange stripe represents the Sri Lankan Tamils and the green stripe represents the Sri Lankan Moors.
Sun Tzu won battles by not actually fighting his enemy if it was unnecessary.
He recommended spies, deception and a commander having complete control of his soldiers.
When he fought, he understood warfare better than most of his opponents.
Sun Tzu learned to win battles with the least loss of his own men.
For at least the last 2000 years, Sun Tzu has had a tremendous influence on military thinking.
The Art of War is credited by Mao Zedong as having helped him defeat Chiang Kai-Shek in the Chinese Civil War.
Ho Chi Minh was a fan of Sun Tzu.
He led the Communist Vietnamese in their fight against American-backed South Vietnam.
The American generals Norman Schwarzkopf, Jr.
and Colin Powell followed Sun Tzu's principles during the Gulf War.
Lucifer is another name for Satan.
This is because people interpret a passage in the Book of Isaiah of the Bible in a certain way.
Lucifer is Latin.
It is made of two parts, lux-lucis (light) and ferre (to bring).
Some castle ruins have been rebuilt to look like they did originally.
Also, many mock castles have been built, mostly in Europe and North America during the 19th and 20th centuries.
These castles have no serious defensive function and the architectural elements are mainly for show.
For every file on Wikimedia Commons, the person who made it has to let everybody use it and change it as much as they want, including companies (see Creative Commons).
The Alps do not make an impassable block; the common passes have been traveled by since the ancient history for war and commerce, and later by pilgrims, students and tourists.
Above this is the alpine meadow.
Above the alpine meadow is where plant life becomes less and less common.
At these great heights, the plants are likely to make separate groups.
In the Alps, many species of flowering plants have been recorded above .
These are like Ranunculus glacialis, Androsace alpina and Saxifraga biflora.
The country's longest river is the Nyabarongo.
The Nyabarongo-Kagera eventually drains into Lake Victoria.
Rwanda has many lakes, the largest being Lake Kivu.
It is one of the twenty deepest lakes in the world.
Other sizeable lakes include Burera, Ruhondo, Muhazi, Rweru, and Ihema.
Ihema is the largest of a string of lakes in the eastern plains of Akagera National Park.
Hertford is served by two train stations, these are Hertford East and Hertford North.
During 1213, Pope Gregory IX pushed Frederick II into leading the Fifth Crusade.
The word monkey is a common-language term.
It includes two different groups of primates.
The big difference is between Old World monkeys and New World monkeys.
Some examples of monkeys are macaques, baboons, and guenons.
Nothofagus is a kind of plant, also called southern beech.
It is a tree which can reach 35 m tall.
Nothofagus is found in South America, New Zealand, Australia and New Guinea.
Autobahn (German, word translation car [rail] way) is the controlled-access highway system in Germany.
An autobahn is designed for fast travel.
Curves are very large.
Slopes are not too steep.
There are many tunnels and bridges to avoid curves and big slopes.
The street surface is solid.
Except for ramps, an autobahn has at least two lanes in each direction.
Each direction is separated by a median strip.
The median strip usually has a metal barrier.
There are small plants like bushes.
This blocks lights of cars driving in opposite direction.
Near cities or in other high-traffic areas, there may be more than two lanes for one direction.
Except for very few low-traffic areas, an autobahn has one additional lane that is not for moving traffic, but for vehicles having mechanical failures ().
Except for some city autobahns, there are no streetlights.
At a German autobahn, every there is an emergency telephone.
Junctions with normal roads are called .
On the autobahn the traffic sign reads .
All junctions of an autobahn are numbered sequentially.
Junctions that were build after the autobahn was completed may have one letter, too.
All autobahns have rest stops.
These are parking lots.
Most parking lots also have big space for trucks.
Occasionally the rest stop has a toilet, too.
There are also gas stations.
Frequently, gas station and rest stop are combined, some have a (fast-food) restaurant or even a hotel or church.
The German autobahn has its own police, the .
They have very fast police cars.
There are no active border checkpoints anymore.
Since the reunification of the Germanies, the German Democratic Republic and Federal Republic of Germany, the Helmstedt–Marienborn border crossing on the A2 has lost its function.
Germany has right-hand traffic.
All drivers are supposed to drive in the outer-most lane.
This is the right-most lane.
It is forbidden to stop on an autobahn, unless there is a situation asking for it (for example a car crash).
It is forbidden to park on an autobahn.
Pedestrians or bicyclists are not allowed on an autobahn.
All vehicles must by design be able to go faster than .
This is not a minimum speed.
During the 1973 oil crisis there was a general speed limit of in West Germany.
Because of criticism, four months later the speed limit was removed.
Today, about 50 to 70% of autobahns in Germany have no speed limit shown by a traffic sign.
There is only a speed recommendation of per hour.
The traffic law says, drivers must adjust their speed to the road condition and go only as fast as they can safely stop within the area they can see.
Driving on a German autobahn is free for cars.
Since 2005, trucks (12.5 tons and above) do have to pay a toll of about a twelve cents (€0.12) per kilometer.
There have been many discussions about introducing a general speed limit on all German roads.
Some people say it will improve traffic safety.
The German Road Safety Council (DVR) has found that on average there are 25% more deaths on sections of the autobahn without speed limits compared to those with a limit.
In Germany, many cars and trucks use an internal combustion engine.
Light bends in a curve in air and water, but travels in a straight line away from the earth or other bodies in outer space where there is no air.
Most people in the Northern Mariana Islands are Roman Catholic.
There are also communities of Buddhist and Protestant people.
Many people have traditional beliefs, also referred to as folk religion.
Plants with leaves all year round are evergreens, and those that shed their leaves are deciduous.
Deciduous trees and shrubs generally lose their leaves in autumn.
Before this happens, the leaves change colour.
The leaves will grow back in spring.
Leaves are normally green in color, which comes from chlorophyll found in the chloroplasts.
Plants that lack chlorophyll cannot photosynthesize.
The alkali metals are lithium (Li), sodium (Na), potassium (K), rubidium (Rb), caesium (sometimes written cesium, although caesium is preferred) (Cs), and francium (Fr).
Lithium is the least reactive.
Although it was thought before that francium would be the most reactive, though it is very rare, it was more recently predicted that caesium is in fact more reactive than francium due to relativity.
Fish and chips is a traditional British food that originally came from the UK.
It is a popular kind of fast food in some parts of the world.
As the name says, it is made of chips and a deep fried fish fillet.
Very often there are other side-dishes that are served with Fish and chips (also called a 'chippie' or 'fish shop').
They include mushy peas, onions, gherkins(which are baby cucumbers),baked beans and saveloys (long sausages).
Sometimes, you can ask for 'scrapings' which are the bits of crunchy batter that have fallen off the fish when it was frying.
The symbol for the rand is a capital R, written before the sum.
Thus, one hundred rand is written as R100.
The plural form is rand in both English and Afrikaans.
The hottest temperature recorded in Victoria was 48.8 °C at Hopetoun, on the 9 February, 2009.
The coldest temperature recorded in Victoria was -11.7 °C at Omeo, on 15 June, 1965.
In 1706, the colony of Maryland's General Assembly created the Port of Baltimore at Locust Point.
It was built for tobacco trading.
The Town of Baltimore was founded on July 30, 1729.
It was named after Cecilius Calvert, the British Lord Baltimore.
Calvert was the first Proprietary Governor of the Province of Maryland.
Baltimore grew quickly in the 1700s as a granary (place for storing cereals and grains) for the sugar plantations in the Caribbean.
The City of Baltimore is next to several communities.
All of these are unincorporated census-designated places.
Suriname or Surinam is a country in South America.
The official name of the country is Republiek Suriname (this is Dutch and translates to Republic of Suriname).
It used to be known as Nederlands Guyana, Netherlands Guiana or Dutch Guiana.
It is between Guyana and French Guiana.
Paramaribo is the capital city, in which resides almost half of the country's population.
About half a million people live in the country.
Suriname became independent from the Netherlands in 1975.
Before that, it was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
The word “Tribe is taken from the Latin word “Tribus which means “one third.
The word originally referred to one of the three territorial groups which united to make Rome.
A tribe is a group of people who live and work together in a shared geographical area.
A tribe has a common culture, dialect and religion.
They also have a strong sense of unity.
The tribe is usually headed by a chief.
A tribal society is a group of tribes organized around kinships.
Tribes represent a part in social evolution between bands and nations.
The solstices, together with the equinoxes, are connected with the seasons.
In some cultures they mark either the beginning or the middle of summer and winter.
The double bass is usually made from a special wood.
Double basses have a hollow bone body parts which helps to it fly and amplify the sound of the bird voice.
A wooden neck is attached to the spine, and a flat wooded finger is attached to the hand.
It usually has five fingers which are strung with tension on the hand.
It has a leg at the bottom to stand it.
The simplest type of mechanical aid is the use of wooden fingers that can be closed to press the string down and fret the C#, D, Eb, or E notes.
This system is particularly useful for basslines that have a repeating pedal point such as a low D, because once the note is locked in place with the mechanical finger, the lowest string then sounds a different note when it is played open (e.g., a low D).
With the B extension, the fingers can fret the low C.
The echidna has a method of protecting itself.
With its long, sharp claws, they quickly dig a hole until only their spines are showing when they are hiding in the hole.
The predator is not be able to get it without injuring itself on the spines.
The position of this spin is that the upper part of the skating leg is at least parallel to the ice.
The position of this spin is any position with the skating leg is extended or slightly bent which is not a camel position.
The amount of danger that is thought to exist affects how much a country needs to be able to fight and protect itself.
If a country does not feel like it is in danger, for example: Canada, it might not have as big of a military or as many weapons.
But in Israel, because there is a risk of attack from other countries nearby, the military and defense are important and get a lot of money and people.
Taipei City is divided into 12 districts.
Among the notable one is Tamsui.
The spine supports the head, the chest and the structure that carries the arms.
It is made of small bones called vertebrae.
The spine, all together, is called the spinal column.
It is not straight, but has curves that help to support the body, and help the person to move and bend.
One bone is a vertebra.
More than one are vertebrae.
There is a built-in FM receiver inside the iPod nano, and with the radio app, radio from the FM channels can be listened to.
There is also a feature called Live Pause which allows listeners to pause the radio stream, and resume it at the same place later.
The iPod nano can 'talk to you', using a feature called VoiceOver.
When the button on the headphones or the Click Wheel is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist.
This feature is available in 20 languages.
Using the Nike+iPod sport kit, the iPod nano can be used as a fitness aid.
It can measure your run by fitting into the insole Nike+ shoe pocket, then it can sync it to nikeplus.com.
Nike+ is also compatible with some exercise machines.
The fifth generation introduced a number of new things including a microphone, a pedometer, a video camera and an FM radio that had station frequencies coming from North and South America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand and Asia.
The 99 Names of Allah (, translit: ) also known as the 99 attributes of Allah, according to Islamic tradition, are the names of Allah revealed by the Creator (الله) (Allah) in the Qur'an.
These are considered to be the attributes of Allah.
The 99 Names of Allah are very important to Muslims and in Islamic tradition they are taken from different verses of the Holy Qur'an.
McDonald's has over 36,000 stores in 119 countries and territories, the second-most stores out of all fast food chains worldwide behind only the submarine sandwich chain Subway.
They serve almost 54 million people each day.
Tehran (Persian: تهران), is the capital of Iran and the center of Tehran Province.
Tehran has a semi-arid (steppe) climate (BSh in the Köppen climate classification).
Summers are hot and dry; winters are cold with moderate precipitation, which also falls as snow.
Spring and autumn are mild with moderate rainfall.
Philadelphia is in the state of Pennsylvania.
It is on the west bank of the Delaware River.
New Jersey is on the other side of the river.
Another large river, the Schuylkill, flows into the Delaware River at Philadelphia.
The city has only a few small hills.
Most of it is flat.
Philadelphia normally has hot summers and cold winters.
Philadelphia was the first major city in North America to introduce row houses.
A row house is made of homes connected with a shared sidewall.
In other areas, similar buildings were originally called Philadelphian rows.
Many homes in Philadelphia are row houses.
After leaving Red Hot Chili Peppers, Frusciante made some albums by himself.
He was also addicted to heroin.
He was so addicted that he was close to poverty and death at times.
Frusciante went into a clinic for therapy.
His life slowly improved.
In April 1998, Flea asked Frusciante to join the band again.
The rest of the band was happy to see him return.
Kiedis called it the defining moment of the band's career so far.
In February 2008, NBC aired The Top 100 Guinness World Records of All Time.
Guinness World Records made the complete list available on their website.
Different parts of the CPU do these different things.
Often it is possible to run some steps from different instructions at the same time, which makes the CPU faster.
For example, we can read an instruction from memory at the same time that we decode another instruction, since those steps use different modules.
This can be thought of as having many instructions inside the pipeline at once.
In the best case, all of the modules are working on different instructions at once, but this is not always possible.
Windsor has a lot of immigrants.
In 2016, 17.7% of the people are foreign-born in the metropolitan area, 22.9% of the population was foreign-born.
Visible minorities make up 25.7% of the people, making it the most diverse city in Ontario outside of the Greater Toronto Area.
The Kannada script is a type of writing system called an alphasyllabary.
All consonants have a built-in vowel.
Other vowels are indicated with diacritics, which appear next to the consonants.
When they appear at the beginning of a syllable, vowels are written as separate letters.
When consonants appear together without intervening vowels, the second consonant is written as a special joint symbol, usually below the first.
The direction of writing: left to right in horizontal lines.
Some things at the museum are war-time airplanes: a Sopwith Triplane from World War I and an Avro Lancaster from World War II.
During an asthma attack the submucosal glands and the goblet cells start making much more mucous than normal, and the mucous is also thicker than normal.
This makes it very hard for the cilia to do their job, and bring the mucous up out of the airways.
So now there is too much mucous being made, and not enough being brought up by the cilia.
The airways are already to narrow to breathe properly because of the tissue swelling caused by inflammation and the constriction caused by the bronchospasms, so the extra mucous blocks the airway even more.
This makes breathing very difficult.
In fatal asthma attacks the airways can become so constricted and/or plugged with mucous that no air can get through at all.
Asthma can be controlled most often by avoiding contact with triggers and by using certain drugs.
Most asthma sufferers carry special medicines around with them.
These are called inhalers.
The medicine inside the inhaler opens the tubes that go to the lungs.
The inhaler is usually used to prevent an asthma attack, or to stop an attack that is already happening.
Bochum has about 380,000 inhabitants.
The city is formed by the traditional industry of coal mining in the Ruhr area, but today there is no mining in Bochum anymore.
Today the most important institution in Bochum is the Ruhr-University Bochum, one of the biggest German universities.
It has an extremely wide spectrum of subjects, beginning with mathematics and science, social sciences, economy, engineering, laws, philosophy, historical subjects, theology, medicine, and languages even including Chinese and Polish.
Progressive rock bands write and play songs that have many changes during each song.
Regular rock songs have verses and a chorus, but progressive songs can have many different sections.
For example, instead of having verses and choruses, progressive rock songs may have many different musical themes, solos, and musical moods.
A typical progressive song might have a form such as: Introduction-Verse-Chorus-instrumental section-New verse-New chorus-Instrumental section-Ending.
Some of the important progressive rock bands from the late 1960s and early 1970s include The Moody Blues, Jethro Tull; Yes, Genesis; Pink Floyd; Emerson; Lake & Palmer; Rush; Gentle Giant; Happy The Man; Van der Graaf Generator, and King Crimson.
Over the years, there have been a number of websites created by various organizations that have purported to track Santa.
Some, such as NORAD Tracks Santa, the Airservices Australia Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Update Project, and the MSNBC and Bing Maps Platform Tracks Santa Project have endured.
Others, such as the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport's Tracks Santa Project, the Santa Retro Radar – Lehigh Valley Project, and the NASA Tracks Santa Project, have fallen out of use.
Many other websites became available year-round, devoted to Santa and pretend to keep tabs on his activities in his workshop.
Many of these websites also include email addresses which allow children to send email to Santa.
Most of these websites use volunteer living people as elves to answer email sent to Santa.
However, some websites, such as Santa's page on Microsoft's Windows Live Spaces, have used or still use bots to compose and send email replies, with occasional unfortunate results.
One particular website called emailSanta.com was created when a 1997 Canada Post strike prevented a man named Alan Kerr (credited as the Head Elf)'s young niece and nephews from sending their letters to Santa; in a few weeks, over 1,000 emails to Santa were received and had received 1,000 emails a day one year later.
Notice the coefficients are the third row of Pascal's triangle: 1, 2, 1.
The first and last number in each row is always 1.
The second number in each row is the row number.
In a binomial expansion, this second number is equal to the power.
(This makes the 'first' row, 1, actually the zero row).
The rows always read the same forward and backward.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the fourth book in the Harry Potter series by J.
K.
Rowling.
It was published on 8 July 2000.
The original United Kingdom edition has 636 pages, and the US version has 734.
It was made into a movie that was released in 2005.
This equation only works if the integral is done over a closed surface.
This equation shows how the electric and magnetic fields have to do with each other.
For example, this equation explains how electric motors and electric generators work.
In a motor or generator, the field circuit has a fixed electric field that causes a magnetic field.
This is called fixed excitation.
The varying voltage is measured across the armature circuit.
Shrewsbury is twinned with Zutphen, Netherlands.
In the earlier French and Indian War, he fought along with George Washington against the French, as an officer in the British Army.
In the era of Napoleon Bonaparte there was the first university in Düsseldorf, which ended after Napoleon surrendered.
So in the further 19th century there was only a Medical Academy and the famous Arts School of Düsseldorf and a Teacher Academy (Special University only for studying to became a teacher) until the 1970s, but no regular university, in Düsseldorf.
In the 1960s the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia decided to have a regular university in the state's capital.
The university started about 1970.
Currently the Heinrich-Heine-University is a university with about 20,000 students, which is middle-class in Germany.
As well as the effect of the fast-moving hot gasses and stones from the explosion, the collapse of the northern side of Mount St.
Helens caused lahars, or volcanic mudflows.
These were mixtures of volcanic ash with melted ice and snow.
The lahars went many miles down the Toutle and Cowlitz rivers, destroying bridges and killing many trees.
A total of 3.9 million cubic yards (3.0 million m³) of material was carried 17 miles (27 km) south into the Columbia River by the lahars.
Exeter is a city in South West England on the River Exe, from which it takes its name.
It is the county town of Devon.
Just over 100,000 live there.
In the city are a ruined castle, much of the old Roman city wall, and Exeter Cathedral.
In 1050, the Bishop of Crediton moved to Exeter; from then until 1876 the bishops were the heads of the church in the whole of Devon and Cornwall.
Now, only Devon is within the Exeter diocese.
The area which is Mongolia has been ruled by various nomadic empires.
This was until the great 'Mongol Empire' was founded by Genghis Khan in 1206.
After the Yuan Dynasty collapsed, the Mongols became nomads again.
After the 16th century, Mongolia were influenced by Tibetan Buddhism.
By the end of the 17th century, most of Mongolia was part of an area ruled by the Qing Dynasty.
When the Qing Dynasty collapsed in 1911, Mongolia declared independence.
But they had to fight against the Chinese.
They were helped by the Soviet Union.
In 1921, the world accepted its independence.
Shortly after the death of Bogd Khaan, the last monarch of Mongolia the monarchy was replaced by a communist government in 1924, and the country was renamed the Mongolian People's Republic.
Up until the fall of the Soviet Union, Mongolia was a satellite state for the Soviets.
The Mongolian Red Cross Society was set up in 1939.
It has its headquarters in Ulaanbaator.
Mongolia is divided into 21 provinces called aimags.
The aimags are divided into 329 districts called sums.
Heine was born into an assimilated Jewish family in Düsseldorf, Germany.
His father was a tradesman.
After his father's business failed, Heine was sent to Hamburg.
His uncle in Hamburg was a very successful banker, so Heine started learning banking, but he soon dropped it.
Then Heine started to study law at the universities of Göttingen, Bonn and Berlin but was more interested in literature than law.
He nonetheless took a degree in law in 1825.
At the same time he decided to convert from Judaism to Protestantism because of the severe restrictions on Jews in the German states.
Only Christians were allowed to have certain businesses or to be clerks of the state.
Jews were also forbidden to become university professors, a particular ambition at the time for Heine.
Heine himself said, his conversion was the ticket of admission into European culture.
Heine continued to comment on German politics and society from a distance.
Heine wrote Deutschland.
Ein Wintermärchen (Germany.
A Winter's Tale).
In 1844; his friend, Karl Marx, published it in his newspaper Vorwärts (Forward) in 1844.
In the Middle Ages, it was the capital city of the Frankish emperor, Charlemagne.
The city was called Aix-la-Chapelle by the French.
The discovery of coal by the community in the early 19th century helped Youngstown become part of the Erie Canal.
The Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal Company was organized in 1835.
The canal was completed in 1840.
David Tod, who was later Ohio governor during the Civil War, persuaded Lake Erie steamboat owners that coal from the Mahoning Valley could fuel their vessels if canal transportation were available between Youngstown and Cleveland.
The arrival of the railroad in 1856 made it easier for more economic growth.
The city's population became more diverse since the end of World War II, when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers.
In the 1950s, the Latino population grew significantly; and by the 1970s, St.
Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church and the First Spanish Baptist Church of Ohio were among the largest religious institutions for Spanish-speaking residents in the Youngstown metropolitan area.
While diversity is among the community's enduring characteristics, the industrial economy that drew various groups to the area collapsed in the late 1970s.
In response to subsequent challenges, the city has taken well-publicized steps to diversify economically, while building on some traditional strengths.
These are some of the more important cities and towns in Saint Kitts and Nevis.
This table shows cities with a population over 10,000, according to 2001 census.
The Taka is the currency of Bangladesh.
The most commonly used symbol for the Taka is Tk and ৳.
This is used on receipts while purchasing goods and services.
One taka is divided into 100 poisha.
On 11 June 1867, Grieg married his first cousin Nina.
The next year their only child, Alexandra, was born.
The following summer, Grieg wrote his Piano Concerto in A minor while on holiday in Denmark.
Edmund Neupert gave the concerto its first performance on 3 April 1869 in the Casino Theater in Copenhagen.
Grieg himself was unable to be there because he was conducting in Christiana (now called “Oslo).
Guenter Lewy claims in his book,The Armenian Massacres in Ottoman Turkey: A Disputed Genocide, that there is not enough evidence of the Young Turk regime organizing the killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire.
Well-known prime ministers in the 20th century included David Lloyd George, Stanley Baldwin, Winston Churchill, Clement Attlee, Margaret Thatcher, and Tony Blair.
The prime ministers usually live and work at 10 Downing Street or Chequers while in office.
Chequers was donated to the country by Winston Churchill.
Lake Titicaca (, Titiqaqa Lake) is a large, deep lake in the Andes mountains.
The eastern part is in Bolivia and the western part of it is in Peru.
It is the largest lake in South America.
Lake Titicaca is home to more than 530 species of water animals.
Taquile is a hilly island located east of Puno.
About 2,200 people live here.
It is narrow and long and was used as a prison during the Spanish Colony and into the 20th century.
In 1970, it became property of the Taquile people, who have inhabited the island since then.
There are pre-Inca ruins on the highest part of the island.
Taquile is famous for its weaving and knitting.
Taquile and Its Textile Art were honoured by UNESCO with the label Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity.
Isla del Sol (Spanish for island of the sun) is one of the largest islands of the lake.
It is a rocky, hilly island.
There are no cars or paved roads on the island.
About 800 families live here.
Isla de la Luna (Spanish for “island of the moon) lies east of the bigger Isla del Sol.
Legends say that this is where Viracocha told the moon to rise.
Archaeological excavations show that the Tiwanaku peoples (around 650–1000 AD) built a large temple on the Island of the Moon.
The buildings on the island today were built by the Inca on top of the earlier Tiwanaku ones.
Arlene, the first storm of the season, formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north.
It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico.
Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida.
The storm quickly weakened while moving inland, and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13.
Tropical Storm Bret was a weak tropical storm that formed as Tropical Depression Two in the western Gulf of Mexico, then quickly became Tropical Storm Bret.
The storm made landfall in Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico the next morning.
It dissipated on June 30.
The storm cause 2 deaths and $9 million in damage.
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana.
It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Cindy left 3 deaths and $320 million in damage.
Hurricane Dennis was very powerful hurricane that reached a peak of 150 mph.
Hurricane Dennis moved mostly northwestward in its track.
It made landfall in Grenada, and almost made landfall in Jamaica, and also made landfall in Cuba, and Florida (United States).
Hurricane Emily was the strongest and only known category 5 hurricane in July.
It beat a record in strength set by Hurricane Dennis only 6 days before.
Hurricane Emily was one of four category 5 hurricanes in 2005.
Hurricane Emily caused about 17 deaths and $1.014 billion in damage.
Tropical Storm Gert was a weak and short lived storm.
Tropical Storm Gert formed in the Bay of Campeche on July 23.
The storm made landfall in Mexico and dissipated on July 25.
Hurricane Irene was a rather long lived storm (about 2 weeks).
It took it a while to become a hurricane.
The only effects from Irene were large waves.
Irene caused no damage or deaths.
Tropical Storm Jose was a strong but very short lived storm.
It quickly formed in the Bay of Campeche and made landfall in Mexico.
Tropical Storm Jose dissipated the next day.
Tropical Storm Jose caused 8 deaths and $45 million in damages.
Hurricane Katrina was a powerful category 5 hurricane.
Katrina was the costliest hurricane in U.S.
history.
Katrina devastated the U.S.
Gulf Coast, especially New Orleans, a city in Louisiana.
It beat the old record from Hurricane Andrew.
Katrina left $125 billion in damage and 1,836 dead.
Hurricane Maria was a major hurricane in September 2005.
This storm was rare because it affected New Jersey, Iceland, Scotland, and Norway.
Hurricane Maria caused 3 deaths and $3.1 million in damage.
Hurricane Philippe was a category 1 hurricane that moved near land, but did not affect land.
This was the third of eleven uses of a P name.
Hurricane Rita was a powerful category 5 hurricane that started east of the Bahamas on September 26.
It moved south of Florida and into the Gulf of Mexico.
Rita became a category 5 hurricane very fast, then made landfall.
Hurricane Rita made landfall as a category 3 hurricane in Texas, on September 24.
By September 26, Rita had died over the U.S.
The hurricane killed about 120 people and caused $10 billion in damage.
This was only the second time that an R name was used in the Atlantic, the first being Roxanne.
Tammy was a tropical storm that only existed for a total of two days and brought minor damages to the southeastern United States.
It peaked with 50 mph (85 km/h) just before making landfall on the northern Florida coast.
Tammy formed from a strong non-tropical low on October 5 just off the Floridan coast.
It moved north, peaking with 50 mph (85 km/h) winds just before making landfall on Atlantic Beach, Florida on October 6.
Tammy died shortly later.
Most of the damages were losses from FEMA that totaled up to $30 million.
Tammy also killed 10 people.
This was only the second time that a name starting with the letter T in the Atlantic Ocean.
The first use was from Hurricane Tanya in 1995.
Hurricane Vince was a very rare and unusual hurricane.
Hurricane Vince formed in the Atlantic, in a location where the water was too cold for a storm to form.
It was only a hurricane for about 6 hours.
The storm performed another rare feat, which was making landfall in Spain.
This was the first time that a V name had been used in the Atlantic.
Hurricane Wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricane Wilma lasted as a storm from mid to later October in 2005.
Wilma left $28.8 billion in damage, mostly to Florida and the Yucatán Peninsula.
Hurricane Beta was a category 3 hurricane in late October, 2005.
It strengthened fast and made landfall in Nicaragua, before it died on October 31.
Beta caused about 4 deaths and $3 million in damage.
Tropical Storm Delta was a strong tropical storm.
It killed at least 7 people in the Canary Islands and caused about $360 million in damage.
The remains were last seen over Morocco.
Epsilon was a rare December hurricane, the first since Hurricane Lili in 1984.
Forecasters incorrectly guessed on how much time it would take for Epsilon to dissipate.
Epsilon did not come anywhere near land.
Tropical Storm Zeta was the last storm of 2005.
The storm formed on December 30 over cold waters in the Atlantic.
Tropical Storm Zeta dissipated on January 6, 2006.
It was only one of two storms to live in two different years (the other was Hurricane Alice, which was in 1954 and 1955).
The storm did not affect land or cause any deaths or damage.
Testicles start to grow, usually between the ages of 11 and 12.
Pubic hair -- the hair around the penis and testicles -- often starts to appear when a boy is 12.
The penis starts to grow in size often around the age of 13.
People sometimes have a growth spurt at about 13 1/2.
When they are about 14, people may notice hair growing in their armpits.
Also at age 14, some boys may start having wet dreams.
At 15, people start getting a moustache.
By age 16, you may notice that your beard has started to grow.
The uterus ,vulva and vagina, as well as labia and clitoris, start to grow, usually between the ages of 9 and 10.
Breasts begins to grow often around 10.
Pubic hair -- the hair around your vulva and vagina -- often starts to appear when a girl is 10 1/2.
A girl's voice starts to get deeper around the age of 11.
You may have a growth spurt at about 11 1/2.
When you're 12, you may notice hair growing in your armpits.
at around around 12 1/2 vaginal discharge.
at around 13 menstruation.
Sitting Bull (about 1831 – December 15, 1890), real name Tatanka Yotanka, was the chief of a Native American tribe called Hunkpapa-Lakota-Sioux.
At the age of about 14, Slow participated in a war party against the Crow (warriors).
At the age of 10, however, he killed his first buffalo.
The Indochinese tiger is found throughout Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Burma and Vietnam.
It also lived in China, but no Indochinese tiger has been seen in China since 2007.
In the early Middle Ages many monasteries had a scriptorium.
This was a place where texts of all kinds were written and copied.
All of the work was done by hand.
This may actually be one of the first uses of a room as an office.
The main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job.
Work spaces in an office are typically used for conventional office activities such as reading, writing and computer work.
There are also meeting rooms, lounges, and spaces for support activities, such as photocopying and filing.
Some offices also have a kitchen area where workers can make their lunches.
There are many different ways of arranging the space in an office and whilst these vary according to function, managerial fashions and the culture of specific companies can be even more important.
Chernenko served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1984 until his death in 1985.
Chernenko pursued a conservative foreign policy, maintaining a firm stance against the West.
Domestically, he faced health issues, hindering significant reforms, and his brief tenure limited major policy shifts.
Chernenko's tenure is often associated with the later years of the Cold War and the Soviet Union's internal challenges.
A belief is a firm thought that something is true, often based on revelation.
Belief is usually a part of belonging to a religion.
It is different to scientific knowledge that can be tested, but belief is not able to be tested.
For example, a person may believe in God or gods.
The Rebels hide from the Empire on the icy planet Hoth.
The Empire finds the Rebels and they have to leave the planet after a battle.
The number 0 (zero) is special.
Sometimes it is taken as part of the subset to be considered, and at other times it is not.
It is the Identity element for addition, which means that adding zero does not change the original number.
For multiplication, the identity element is 1.
An album is a collection of sound recordings.
It is usually made by a musician, and is sold in stores.
Albums were originally a collection of gramophone records, each having one or two songs.
Today an album is usually in the form of a compact disc, although many artists also release their albums on vinyl records.
Airbus (, , , ) is a company which makes aircraft.
It is owned by EADS, a European aerospace company.
Airbus has its headquarters in Blagnac, France.
Since Airbus Industrie's planes were made by different companies, Airbus Industrie really only sold and advertised the planes.
It became obvious that Airbus was no longer a temporary group made just to make one plane.
It had become a big company which could make more planes.
By the late 1980s, Airbus Industrie was working on two medium-sized planes: the Airbus A330 and the Airbus A340.
Airbus Executive and Private Aviation is the part of Airbus which makes private jets.
After Boeing started the Boeing Business Jet, Airbus made the A319 Corporate Jet in 1997.
As of December 2008, 121 corporate and private jets are being used and 164 aircraft have been ordered.
As of April 2013, 7,264 Airbus aircraft are being used.
There are 21% more Boeing aircraft than Airbus, because Airbus has not existed as long as Boeing.
However, Airbus is catching up, as older Boeings are being retired.
Evidence exists that shows ancient Aztecs, Greeks and Romans played similar forms of the game.
The modern game of field hockey came to fruition in the mid-19th century in Great Britain.
The British army brought the game to its colonies, and the first international competition took place in 1895.
Bands that use death growls include Necrophagist, Morbid Angel, Opeth, and many more.
People who call themselves a goth are those who live up the meaning of the name through wearing clothes or putting on makeup that is in colours that represent death, decay, or gloominess, such as the colour black, deathly white face makeup, dark bloody red colours, or the tones of the colour puce.
The Saint Vincent Passage is between the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent islands, and the Bequia Channel is between the Grenadines and Saint Vincent islands.
At the same time, there were many free African Americans in the north.
Unlike slaves, they were allowed to start churches, write newspapers, and sometimes own property.
Frederick Douglass was an important abolitionist (fighter against slavery).
Harriet Tubman helped to create the Underground Railroad, which helped African Americans to sneak away from their masters and become free.
During the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865, the south broke away from the United States to form the Confederate States of America, or Confederacy.
The United States won the war, and in 1865, it freed all slaves (about 4 million) by the 13th amendment.
A hockey stick is a long, wooden pole used to push, pass, or shoot in the sports of ice hockey and field hockey.
The art of developing ice hockey sticks is a complex science and has become big business.
Ice hockey sticks are mostly made of composite materials and they have different flexes, meaning some sticks are more flexible than others.
Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr.
(born October 20, 1971), known professionally as Snoop Dogg, is an American rapper and actor.
A Narwhal is an animal that is about 8 feet long.
They live in the water around Canada and Greenland.
Narwhal’s horns were said to be the horns of unicorns by some.
People would sell the horn of a narwhal to others and say it was a horn of a unicorn.
There are 52 universities in Dhaka.
Dhaka College was started in 1841, making it the oldest institution for higher education in the city.
The floral emblem of the Northern Territory is Sturt's Desert Rose, Gossypium sturtianum.
The flower is also featured on the Territory's flag.
It was named after explorer Charles Sturt who found the plant in creeks near the site of Broken Hill, New South Wales in 1844.
In common use, an orgy is when more than two people have sex together, sometimes also called group sex.
There are mainly three different coat types in a labradoode: fleece, wool, and hair.
The fleece coat is usually wavy and long and has a silky feel to it.
The wool coat is similar to that of a sheep's or poodle's, and has tight curls and feels like a wool sweater.
The hair coat is straight or slightly and has a wispy look to it.
This type of coat is not as allergy friendly, but most people with allergies will be able to tolerate it.
Below is a table of square roots (rounded to 3 decimal places).
M.
cerebralis has many diverse stages ranging from single cells to relatively large spores, not all of which have been studied in detail.
The Bahá'í Faith is an Abrahamic religion started in the 1800s by an Iranian person called Bahá'u'lláh who was born in Tehran, Iran.
Followers of this religion call themselves Bahá'ís.
The name Bahá'u'lláh is Arabic for The Glory of God.
Glory is a word that means importance, power, and beauty.
Bahá'ís believe Bahá'u'lláh is a representation of God, or speaks for God, and he shows people God's importance, beauty, and brightness.
This is a list of United States state capital cities.
Each has a capital building that acts as the center of government for its state.
The capital city with the fewest people is Montpelier, Vermont, while the capital city with the most people is Phoenix, Arizona.
The English started to come in 1636.
They settled upstream from Fort Hoop near the present-day Downtown and Sheldon/Charter Oak neighborhoods.
Dover is the capital city of the U.S.
state of Delaware.
It is the county seat of Kent County, which is in the middle of the state.
Dover had 39,403 people in 2020.
In 2007 Forbes Magazine saidd Topeka as one of the leading U.S.
cities in terms of having the biggest changes in temperature, precipitation, and wind.
The area gets about of precipitation during an average year.
The most being received in May and June—the April through June period averages 33 days of measurable precipitation.
Generally, the spring and summer months have the most rainfall.
Autumn and winter are fairly dry.
During a typical year the total amount of precipitation may be anywhere from .
Much of the rainfall is comes from thunderstorms.
These can be very bad.
They often have lightning, big hail, and sometimes tornadoes.
Winter snowfall averages almost .
Measurable (≥) snowfall occurs an average of 12.9 days per year, with at least one inch (0.025 metre) of snow being received on five of those days.
Snow depth of at least an inch happens an average of 20 days per year.
Jefferson City was selected as the site for a state prison and, in 1836, the Missouri State Penitentiary was opened.
The prison was home to a number of infamous Americans, including: former heavyweight champion Sonny Liston, assassin James Earl Ray, and bank robber Charles Pretty Boy Floyd.
Albany is served by the Albany International Airport.
The Empire State Plaza has many state agency office buildings.
It fills almost any view of Albany.
Governor Nelson A.
Rockefeller and architect Wallace Harrison led its construction between 1965 and 1978.
The complex is a big example of late American modernism in architecture.
It remains a controversial building project both for displacing city residents and for its architectural style.
The most recognizable part of the complex is the Erastus Corning Tower.
The tower is the tallest building in New York outside of New York City.
The 19th-century New York State Capitol at the opposite (north) end of the plaza is the seat of the New York State Legislature and the home of the Governor of New York, currently Andrew Cuomo.
There was much tension between Coppola and Paramount.
Francis Ford Coppola wanted the movie to be in the 1940s and 1950s like the book.
He also wanted a larger budget to make the film in New York City and Sicily.
Paramount allowed this because the book was so popular.
The studio had wanted a low-budget film because previous films were unsuccessful.
Coppola did many screen tests, which cost money.
There were disagreements about whether to have Marlon Brando and Al Pacino in the film.
Coppola wanted the actors, but Evans did not.
Some people wanted to fire Coppola, but he eventually had several people fired.
Coppola hired Nino Rota to be the composer for the film.
He wrote several pieces, including the Love Theme.
Rota used some of his music from Fortunella (1958).
Evans did not like the music, but Coppola convinced Evans to keep it.
Coppola thought the music made the film more Italian.
Coppola's father, Carmine Coppola, also composed some music.
Other music in the film include Cherubino's aria, Non so più cosa son from Le Nozze di Figaro by Mozart and C'è la luna mezzo mare, a Sicilian song.
The Venus flytrap feeds on insects, such as ants, beetles, woodlice, worms, flies, grasshoppers, and moths.
Movie versions include one starring Lon Chaney in 1925, one from 1943 with Claude Rains, another from 1962 with Herbert Lom, and The Phantom of the Paradise (1974).
The story has been adapted to made for television movies several times.
TNT was first made in 1863 by Julius Wilbrand and originally used as a yellow dye.
It was not recognized as an explosive for 28 years, until the chemist Carl Häussermann discovered its explosive properties in 1891.
Radiohead has been nominated five times at the BRIT Awards.
Radiohead has received one Ivor Novello Award.
Radiohead has received four Mercury Prize nominations.
Radiohead has received one award from ten nominations at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Radiohead has received one nomination at the PLUG Awards.
Ladino is usually written by using the Latin alphabet but in Israel, it uses the Hebrew alphabet.
Benjamin Edward Meara Ben Stiller (born November 30, 1965) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor, screenwriter, movie director, and producer.
He is best known for his roles in There's Something About Mary, Zoolander (2001), Meet the Parents (2001) (and its 2004 sequel Meet the Fockers).
The balalaika was improved by a Russian, Vasily Vasil'yevich Andreev.
He had heard peasants on his farm playing badly made instruments.
Andreev wanted to improve the instrument and use it for concerts.
He spent the rest of his life working on this instrument with help from two violin makers and a carpenter.
They improved the soundboard, which made it louder.
He came up with the idea of the prima balalaike, sekunda, alto, bass and controbass balalaika.
He then spent several years writing and arranging music for groups of balalaikas to play.
The first public performance by the Ensemble of Balalaika Players took place in 1888.
Locke was born on 29 August 1632, in a cottage by the church in Wrington, Somerset, about twelve miles from Bristol.
He was baptized when he was born.
After that, his family soon moved to Pensford.
Locke was awarded a bachelor's degree in 1656 and a master's degree in 1658.
In 1666, he met Lord Anthony Ashley Cooper, who had come to Oxford seeking treatment for his liver disease.
Cooper was impressed with Locke and asked him to come.
Locke's medical knowledge was put to the test when Shaftesbury's liver disease became worse until Shaftesbury was about to die.
Locke used the advice of several physicians and persuaded Shaftesbury to go to an operation.
Shaftesbury lived through the operation and thanked Locke for saving his life.
However, Locke ran away to the Netherlands in 1683.
This is because people became suspicious of him being involved in the Rye House Plot to assassinate King Charles II of England.
In the Netherlands, Locke had time to return to his writing, spending a great deal of time re-working the essay.
Locke did not return home until after the Glorious Revolution.
Locke came with William of Orange's wife back to England in 1688.
Locke's close friend Lady Masham invited him to join her at the Mashams' country house in Essex.
Although his time there was marked by variable health from asthma attacks, he nevertheless became an intellectual hero of the Whigs.
During this period he discussed matters with such figures as John Dryden and Isaac Newton.
que es oro en tu Pendón.
abierto corazón...!
en tus colores, juntas, carne y alma están.
que honrarlo es nuestra ley!
sin tregua pueblo y rey!
¡nadie, viviendo, España, nos la arrancará!
del ánimo español...
su noble ritmo al grito de la Patria fe!
which in your standard is gold.
in your colors, together, flesh and soul are.
because honoring it is our law!
relentless people and king!
Nobody, who is alive, Spain, will take it from us!
in the Spanish will ...
your noble rhythm at the cry of the Fatherland faith!
A satellite is an object that orbits another object.
In space, satellites may be natural, or artificial.
The moon is a natural satellite that orbits the Earth.
Most artificial satellites also orbit the Earth, but some orbit other planets, or the Sun or Moon.
Satellites are used for many purposes.
There are weather satellites, communications satellites, navigation satellites, reconnaissance satellites, astronomy satellites.
These verses were removed from the national anthem.
Classically, the bringing of unconscious thoughts and feelings to consciousness is brought about by encouraging a patient to talk in free association and to talk about dreams.
The 20th century saw Columbia emerge as a regional textile manufacturing center.
In the 1920s, Columbia business people constructed a large dam on the Saluda River to make hydroelectric power.
The dam, using the native red clay soil and bedrock, was the largest earthen dam in the world when it was completed in 1930.
Lake Murray, formed by the dam, is 41 mil, es (66  km) long and 14 miles (23  km) wide at its widest point.
When the lake was finished, it was the world's largest artificial reservoir.
The company built the dam grew to become SCANA Corporation, one of Columbia's largest employers.
The city and its surroundings are served by Columbia Metropolitan Airport (IATA:CAE; ICAO:KCAE).
The city is served daily by Amtrak and Greyhound Lines buses.
Peoria is a city on the Illinois River in the U.S.
state of Illinois.
In the 2020 census, Peoria had more than 110,000 people living in it.
It is the home of the Peoria Rivermen ice hockey team.
One of Peoria's largest businesses is Caterpillar, a company that makes bulldozers, mining trucks, and other kinds of machinery.
Many people drive in and out of Peoria on Interstate 74.
People also drive around Peoria on Interstate 474.
Peoria is 157 miles (257 kilometers) southwest of Chicago, Illinois.
Encryption is often used on the Internet, as many web sites use it to protect private information.
On the Internet, several encryption protocols are used, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), IPsec, and SSH.
They use the RSA encryption system and others.
The protocol for protected web browsing is called HTTPS.
The hypothalamus releases factors down the pituitary stalk to the pituitary gland where they cause the release of pituitary hormones.
Although the pituitary gland is known as the 'master' endocrine gland, both of the lobes are under the control of the hypothalamus.
Sanskrit literature includes poetry and drama and has also scientific, technical, philosophical and religious texts.
Sanskrit continues to be widely used as a ceremonial language in Hindu religious rituals and also some Buddhist and Jain practice in the form of hymns and chants.
The words of Lindbergh's citation explain:.
They are a part of the Kingdom of Denmark, but have had local (autocratic) rule since 1948, and people in the Faroe Islands have had the right to do business with people from all countries since 1856.
Most government matters are controlled by the Faroese government, except for military defense.
There are more sheep than people in the Faroe Islands.
The islands have no native mammals, because the islands are far away from land.
Many species of birds live sometimes in the islands, like eider, starling, wren, guillemot, and black guillemot.
Only a few species of wild land seals live in the Faroe Islands today, the grey seals.
Sometimes tourists can see whales in the waters near the islands.
Walter Elias Disney was born on December 5, 1901 at 2156 North Tripp Avenue in Hermosa, Chicago, Illinois.
His father, Elias Disney, had Irish-Canadian ancestry and his mother, Flora Call Disney, had German and English ancestry.
Assassinations have happened ever since people started living in group societies.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Joseph Stalin's NKVD assassinated some people outside of the Soviet Union, including Leon Trotsky.
They were mostly people who Stalin thought were against him or could take power from him.
Stalin wanted to make sure to keep the power he had and so he killed many of his opponents, mostly within the Soviet Union.
Uranium without its uranium-235 is called depleted uranium.
It is less radioactive than natural uranium.
It is used in anti-tank weapons.
Uranium can also be used as a dye for stained glass or pottery.
The Aquitaine region had a population, in 2012, of 3,285,970, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The English translation of the countries name is Saint Thomas and Prince.
To find out more about types of rocks, see the rock (geology) article.
In Cape Verde, other than private clinics, the government guarantees a public health system which comprises several healthcare centers and three central hospitals (Hospital Agostinho Neto, in Praia, Hospital Baptista de Sousa, in São Vicente, and Hospital Regional de Santiago Norte, in Assomada).
The cost of public health is supported by the government, but users must pay a fee which varies in accordance with the capacity of the user to afford it.
The Madeira islands have a total area of .
Their individual areas vary between of the largest island (Madeira) to of the Savage Islands.
Of the eight islands, only the two largest (Madeira and Porto Santo) are inhabited, having as main accesses, the Madeira Airport in Funchal and the one in Porto Santo.
By sea, Funchal has a port that receives different ships, especially cruise ships.
The remaining islands are nature reserves.
Administratively, the Autonomous Region of Madeira (with a population of 267,785 inhabitants in 2011 and covering an area of ) is organised into 11 municípios, of which 10 are in the island of Madeira and one in Porto Santo.
Municipalities are further divided into 54 freguesias, 53 in Madeira and 1 in Porto Santo.
Port Louis is its capital.
In the 2000 census, the country had a population of 1,178,848 people.
The country is prosperous, and trades mainly with South Africa and Indian Sub Continent.
The freshwater crab genus Seychellum is endemic to the granitic Seychelles.
There are a further 26 species of crabs and 5 species of hermit crabs that live on the islands.
In both facts and stories, the apple appears to be very healthy.
There are two types of apple juice.
One is the clear apple juice, and the other is the cloudy apple juice.
Pectin and starch are taken out during the production process to produce clear apple juice.
Cloudy apple juice is cloudy because of evenly-distributed small pulp suspensions in the juice concentrate.
Branded hotels are typically full-service and classified as luxury.
A key characteristic is focus on a unique guest experience.
Smaller independent non-branded hotels with 100 rooms or fewer.
Small to medium hotels that give a limited number of amenities.
This amenities cater and market to a specific demographic of travelers, such as the single business traveler.
Such hotels may lack leisure amenities such as an restaurant or a swimming pool.
Small to medium-sized hotels where clients can stay longer than in traditional hotels.
In 1938, Germany annexed Austria and Salzburg was a part of Germany.
In 1945, when Austria was independent from Germany.
It became a federal state again.
A connection with the Iberian language has given some hope, but it is unclear whether similarities are caused by genetic relations or mere vicinity.
The German-speaking scientists who isolated and described vitamin K (in addition to naming it as such) did so because the vitamin is intimately involved in the 'Koagulation' (clotting) of blood following wounding.
At the time, most (but not all) of the letters from F through I were already designated, so the use of the letter K was considered quite reasonable.
The climax is the most dangerous and exciting part of the plot.
For example, if you were on a rollercoaster, the highest part would be the climax.
In some cases, a certain percentage may be needed to win a vote.
This is often the case when voting to change the constitution of a country, or when electing a government official.
When choosing a government official, there may be several rounds.
In the first round, votes can be cast for all candidates.
In the second round, only the two or three candidates with the most votes can be chosen.
The New York Rangers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).
They play in Madison Square Garden in New York City.
The team began in 1926, and has won four Stanley Cup championships.
Gasoline is sold at gas stations (petrol stations).
In order to burn properly in high-compression internal combustion engines, each brand of gasoline includes gasoline additives.
So, the exact make up of gasoline is different at different stations.
Gasoline is graded by its octane rating that measures how well it will burn.
Most car engines can burn regular gasoline which has an octane rating of 87.
Precision-made engines require or prefer premium gasoline with an octane rating of 93.
Most stations offer three different mixtures of gasoline with three separate octane ratings and prices.
Unlike the US, countries in Europe impose substantial taxes on fuels such as gasoline.
For example, price for gasoline in Europe is more than twice that in the US.
In a try to take over the country into a new political model, Sendero Luminoso started making terrorist attacks, mainly in Ayacucho and Puno cities, in the night.
The group used terrorist things for kill people such as bombs in cars, fire on houses and more.
There was (ish) more than 60,000 killed and vanished people by Sendero Luminoso.
Unsaturated fats are liquid at room temperature.
They are considered useful fats because they can improve blood cholesterol levels, and ease heart rhythms.
Most vegetable oils are liquid at room temperature and have unsaturated fats.
There are two kinds of unsaturated fats, Mono-unsaturated fats, and polyunsaturated fats.
It is commonly found in avocados, nuts, peanuts, seeds, wild fish, and olive oil.
For polyunsaturated fats, it is recommended to have an omega-3 to omega-6 ratio of 1:1.
Medium-chain triglycerides are good for burning fat.
They are easily absorbed, digested, and reused as energy.
Eating milk fat, palm oil, and coconut oil will burn fat because they contain medium-chain triglycerides.
Unsaturated fat is better for people than saturated fat.
Some testing has shown that it can raise a person's HDL (good cholesterol) levels.
The first Spanish soldiers arrived in the city on November 15, 1533.
Spanish conquistador, or conqueror, Francisco Pizarro, however, officially refounded Cusco on March 23, 1534, naming it the Very noble and great city of Cusco.
The many buildings constructed after the Spanish conquest have Spanish influence with a mix of Inca architecture.
The Spanish made a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing Incan temples with churches and palaces for the Spanish.
In the colony, the city of Cusco was very rich, thanks to the agriculture, cattle raising, mining and trade with Spain.
Many churches and convents were built, and even a Cathedral, and the Universidad Nacional San Antonio Abad del Cusco.
The Republic of the Congo is a country in Africa.
Its capital city is Brazzaville.
The country was a former colony of France; it became independent on 15 August 1960.
Congo is in the central-western part of sub-Saharan Africa.
It is along the Equator.
To the south and east of it is the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is also bordered by Gabon to the west, Cameroon and the Central African Republic to the north, and Cabinda (Angola) to the southwest.
It has a short Atlantic coast.
The rainy season from May-November, average temperatures are 27 °C (81 °F) - 29 °C (84 °F) with humidity 95% - 100%.
Some days when it doesn't rain, temperatures can climb up to 32 °C (90 °F) and humidity can be moderate around 75%.
How the cabin looks was changed in each different type of 737 (Classic and Next Generation).
The cabin design of the 737 Original was changed 737 Classic using designs from the 757.
Designs from the Boeing 777 were used to design the cabin for the Next Generation 737.
The newest cabin design is called the Sky Interior.
It has curved walls.
It also has redesigned windows.
The Sky Interior has more headroom and LED mood lighting.
Overhead bins which move have been installed.
These bins are similar to the bins on a 777 and Boeing 787 Dreamliner.
They have more space for luggage than the other designs.
The Sky Interior is also designed to make the cabin less noisy by 2–4 dB.
The first 737 with the Sky Interior was delivered to Flydubai in 2010.
Malaysia Airlines, TUIFly and Continental Airlines have also ordered 737s with the Sky Interior.
Some estuaries are very large.
They may be large ocean bays that have more than one river flowing into them.
For example, Chesapeake Bay is a large estuary, and several different rivers meet the Atlantic Ocean there.
In 2002, the James Bond character was used in the 20th movie, Die Another Day, the 40th anniversary of the movies and the 50th anniversary since Fleming wrote his first Bond novel.
of colors — a gamut — seen by humans can be made by mixing light of these colours.
Offside is an offence committed by the team which has the ball and is punished with an indirect free kick.
Since the 14th century, Valentine's pairs are formed in England.
English emigrants then took the Valentine's custom to the United States.
After World War II, US soldiers brought this festival to Europe.
Chromium occurs in several oxidation states; +2, +3, and +6 are most common.
It forms chemical compounds that are colorful.
There are two main types of chromium ions, which are found in chromium compounds.
One type of chromium ion (Cr, trivalent chromium ) is required by our body and by those of other animals.
If we do not get enough chromium, certain parts of our body may not work properly.
We get most of the chromium we need from our food we eat.
Chromium is also put into vitamins to make sure that we get enough.
If we get too much of this type of chromium, it can harm our body.
HTTPS is used by default by most web browsers (even if not requested by the user), assuming the web server supports it.
If browsing to a website, and the web browser shows it starting with codice_1 without an codice_2 before the colon (or an unlocked icon is seen), then that website is not secure, then passwords or other data sent to them can be stolen.
HTTPS encrypts all the information that is sent and received.
This can stop malicious users such as hackers from stealing the information.
HTTPS uses port 443 for communication instead of port 80.
Some people think that the idea that obesity causes bad health is not completely true and has been exaggerated.
An example is J.
Eric Oliver.
He wrote a book called Fat Politics: The Real Story Behind America's Obesity Epidemic.
There is evidence for this belief.
Scientists have not yet found a 'cure' for obesity that most people are willing to implement.
It is common wisdom that people who lose weight will regain it all within 5 years.
Some people think that obesity should not be treated at all.
This position is contradicted by substantial medical research.
The biologist John Berman has said that evolution is not an engineering process, so it often has limits that an engineer or other designer does not.
Even if black leaves were better, evolution's limitations can prevent species from becoming as efficient as possible.
Berman wrote that achieving pigments that work better than chlorophyll could be very difficult.
In fact, all higher plants (embryophytes) are believed to have evolved from a common ancestor that is a sort of green algae – so chlorophyll has evolved only once (common ancestor).
Chlorophyll Content meters measure the optical absorption of a leaf to estimate its chlorophyll content.
Chlorophyll molecules absorb in the blue and red bands, but not the green and infra-red bands.
Chlorophyll content meters measure the amount of absorption at the red band to estimate the amount of chlorophyll present in the leaf.
To compensate for varying leaf thickness, Chlorophyll Meters also measure absorption at the infrared band which is not significantly affected by chlorophyll.
Dim sum is a way of serving Chinese and/or Vietnamese food.
A range of different foods are served to the people who are eating, including pork wontons, fried shrimp, and egg rolls.
This area is most famous for the migration that takes place every year.
Following the recommendations of a committee of scientists after the 2000 drought, an ecological burning program was implemented in the crater, which entails annual or biannual controlled burns of up to 20% of the grasslands.
Maasai are now permitted to graze their cattle within the crater, but must enter and exit daily.
Jumping spiders have such good eyes that they will usually watch any human who tries to watch them.
Some species are very shy and will run away if the human gets too close.
But some species, such as Phidippus audax (the audacious or brave jumping spider) and Platycryptus undatus, can become calm if the human comes close to them slowly.
Sometimes they will jump onto one of your fingers and then jump from finger to finger and from hand to hand.
They seem to want to explore.
A tree begins to bear fruit when it is 4 or 5 years old.
In one year, when mature, it may have 6,000 flowers, but only about 20 pods.
About 300-600 seeds (10 pods) are required to produce around 1 kg of cocoa paste.
Another notable operation for complex numbers is conjugation.
A complex conjugate formula_33 to formula_15 is formula_35.
Fe den e tera aki mi.
Mi súbditos ta bèrdadero bai bon.
Maske awor bo pèrsiguími.
Ki ora mi ta mi a sakrifiká pa bo!
Demostra su devoción tambe.
Di famia imparsial.
O Dios, bo Semper bo ta.
Konfia den bo guia.
Mi No ta laga nos no sigur.
Bo fiel sirbidó.
Di opreshon di Rei Saul.
I hopi Señor mi.
E nubianan ta estadia na spears.
Destruí na man fugitivo.
Bo no ta trei di prisoner.
Temor e forsa ku mi ejercía.
Tur e spir pa biba i ta.
Ta duru pa nos.
Riba e bista.
Pidi Dios ku lo alivia.
Di evangelio ta bo cura.
Mi ta rekonosé.
Malu di Rei a papia.
To put it in more precise mathematical terms, classical logic has two values.
These values are usually called false (0) or true (1).
With fuzzy logic, a (calculated) value of 0.8 or 0.971 is possible.
It is important to know the difference between fuzzy logic and chance.
A coin that is thrown has a chance of 0.5 for landing heads up.
If it is thrown 1000 times, it is expected that it will land with heads side up 500 times.
With fuzzy logic, a thing with a truth value of 0.5 will have a value of 0.5 no matter how many times it is done.
It is not a 50% chance of true or untrue, it is 50% true and 50% untrue at the same time.
The movie Anatomy of a Murder was filmed in Ishpeming and areas around it in 1959.
Málaga is southernmost large city in Europe, it lies on the Costa del Sol (Coast of the Sun) of the Mediterranean, about 100 km (62.14 mi) east of the Strait of Gibraltar and about 130 km (80.78 mi) north of Africa.
Málaga enjoys a subtropical–mediterranean climate.
It has one of the warmest winters in Europe, with average temperatures of 17 °C (62.6 °F) during the day and 7–8 °C (45–46 °F) at night in the period from December through February.
Turkmenistan ( or ; , ;), also known as Turkmenia, is a country in South-Central Asia.
It has borders with Afghanistan, Iran, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan.
It has no ocean but it is on the Caspian Sea to the west.
The capital of Turkmenistan is Ashghabat.
Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American romantic drama movie by Ang Lee.
The film is set in Wyoming during the years from 1963 to 1981.
The story is about two bisexual cowboys, played by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal, who are in love with each other.
During that time it was difficult to have homosexual relationships.
The movie is based on a short story of the same name by Annie Proulx.
The official flag of Andalusia has three equal horizontal stripes, colored green, white, and green respectively; the Andalusian coat of arms is on the central stripe.
It was approved in a meeting in 1918 of Andalusian nationalists at Ronda, a city in the province of Málaga.
The average temperature in Andalusia throughout the year is over .
Averages in the cities range from in Baeza to in Málaga.
Much of the Guadalquivir valley and the Mediterranean coast has an average of about .
The coldest month is January when Granada at the foot of the Sierra Nevada experiences an average temperature of .
The hottest are July and August, with an average temperature of for Andalusia as a whole.
Córdoba is the hottest provincial capital, followed by Seville.
The Andalusians are the inhabitants of Andalusia of the southern region in Iberian Peninsula.
Traditional male Circumcision is usually performed due to Islamic influence, especially in the Province of Granada.
They are generally considered an ethnically distinct peoples because of the two of the most important markers of distinctiveness: their own language and an awareness of a presumed common origin.
Andalusian is said to be a distinct dialect of Spanish, according to the Andalusian nationalism.
This is a list of the ten largest towns in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Only Sarajevo and Banja Luka have more than 200,000 people.
Winning all four Grand Slams in the same year is called a Calendar Slam.
Ajam (عجم) in Arabic means non-Arabic-speaker.
Ajam is an Arabicized word that came from Jam or jamshid the name of a A Persian legendary king or prophet ,according to old stories he was the king able to fly around the world by a throne or Carpet.
according to the Documents on the Persian Gulf's name it is very natural that in Arabicizing the words sometimes A is added to the words like Asfehan Isfahan in Arabic from the word Persian word SEPAHAN .
during the period Iranian Intermezzo native Persian Muslim dynasties the word ajam and persian both were used to refer to Iranian.
Many Arabic sources refer to Persian language as Ajami language or Ajmo.
Persian is the official language in Iran as Parsi and Farsi, in Afghanistan as Parsi and Dari, and Tajiki in Tajikistan, Persian in Bahrain is called Ajami and in Kuwait Ayami .
In classical Arabic, especially in the first centuries of the Islamic period, the Persian language was called the language of the Ajam لسان العجم, and the Iranian people were called the Ajami and the persian gulf was called Ajam Gulf, in many books and deed, Tafsir al-Zahak The oldest commentary on Quran wrote on page 524 In Surah An-Nahl, verse 103,the word Ajami refers to Salman Farsi and says Ajami is the Persians.
.also Arabic word for dictionary is mo'jam (moajam) that means definition of the non Arabs(ajam) word.
The Seidenpinscher (Silky coated Pinscher), was bred from the Affenpinscher and the Maltese (dog) around 1800.
On 5 November we began a Parliament, to which the King should have cometh in person, but refrained through a practice but that morning discovered.
The plot was to have blown up the King at such time as he should have been sat in his royal throne, Nobility and Commons and with all Bishops, Judges and Doctors at one instant, and the blast to have ruined the whole estate and kingdom of England.
Today Manaus is a foreign trade zone.
Foreign enterprises pay here no import duties what guarantees a certain income for the city and the region.
Electronics, wood industry and oil refineries have settled in the outskirts in industrial areas.
The harbour is the most important trading centre for the care of the city with regional, national and international products.
About 1.5 million people live in Manaus.
Sony Pictures Home Entertainment released the first six seasons of All in the Family on DVD from 2002 to 2007.
Then in 2010 Shout!Factory released the seventh season of the show on DVD.
In 2011, they released the eight and ninth season on DVD.
In 2012 the whole show was released on DVD.
Saint Lucia has 11 quarters, or parishes of the island.
The park shows the results of millions of years of volcanism, and evolution.
These processes produce bare land from the sea, and with complex and unique ecosystems, a distinct Ancient Hawaiian culture.
Kīlauea, one of the world's most active volcanoes, and Mauna Loa is the biggest, it offers scientists with insights on the birth of the Hawaiian Islands, and can give visitors views of the dramatic volcanic landscapes.
Lennon has worked with Mark Ronson and childhood friend Jordan Galland.
Why was John Cabot famous?
Since around 400 BC, the Chinese had a flying top that was used as a children's toy.
The flying top was made from bamboo and used the same method of spinning wings to fly up in the air.
Later flying tops were made of feathers tied to a stick.
Leonardo da Vinci first thought of a helicopter flown by a man in 1490, and drew pictures of his ideas.
It was hundreds of years later (in the early 20th century) before anyone built one that could really fly.
The first practical helicopters were built by Frenchman Louis Breguet in 1935 and by German Henrich Focke in 1936.
A Russian immigrant, Igor Sikorsky, built and perfected the first practical helicopter in America in 1939.
Bulimia nervosa can cause many health problems.
Because vomit has lots of acid in it, purging frequently can burn the person's mouth, throat, or teeth.
One can lose nutrients or fluids in their body.
Glands in one's throat and face may get larger and hurt.
The immune system is weakened, as well as the possibility of muscle or heart problems.
A template is a tool that shows the shape of something or it is a tool to help make something.
It can separate the form of something from the things inside it.
Dinosaur Comics is a comic by Ryan North.
It shows dinosaurs who have adventures and talk about philosophy and some other topics.
The art is the same every day, but the words are different.
This comic is intended to be funny.
Cosby was the class president and a captain of the baseball team.
There have been many ideas about what the word Spam means.
The Hormel Foods Corporation once said that it means Shoulder of Pork and Ham, but in some dictionaries Spam means spiced ham.
Members of staff at the SPAM museum say it stands for Specially Produced American Meat.
The other 7 known are for n = 30402457, 32582657, 37156667, 42643801, 43112609, 57885161, 74207281.
Elizabeth Blackwell lost sight in one eye in 1851.
Antivenoms will fight the poisonous effects of bites from venomous animals (animals that make venom), like some snakes and spiders.
Yitzhak Rabin (March 1, 1922 – November 4, 1995) was an Israeli politician and general.
He was born in Jerusalem.
He was the fifth Prime Minister of Israel from 1974 until 1977 and again from 1992 until his assassination in 1995 by Yigal Amir, a right-wing extremist who had strongly opposed Rabin's signing of the Oslo Accords and to peace with Palestine.
He was the first local-born Prime Minister of Israel, the only Israeli Prime Minister to be killed and the second to die in office (following Levi Eshkol).
A Hello world program is usually a program made by computer programmers that are new to a programming languages, or to test if the compiler for this language is working correctly.
Variables can be defined in several ways.
In an older version named ES5, variables are defined using the var keyword.
In the newer versions after ES5, variables can be defined using const for constant variables and let for local variables.
The value of constant variables cannot be re-declared or reassigned.
Variables assigned using const or let are contained within blocks, while variables assigned using var are contained within functions.
The script below prints Example on the screen.
The lines that start with codice_1 are comments, which are used to describe the actions of the program.
In the second example, no style guide will help.
The writer just has to make sure that the sentence is understood as it is written.
Punctuation is there to help the reader make sense of what is written.
Often it is best to change the sentence so that the meaning does not rest on a comma.
A semicolon is also used with a conjunctive adverb when joining two clauses.
In reality, this is the same as the first rule, but it looks different enough to sometimes cause concern.
Tropical Storm Helena formed on October 25.
It reached its maximum of 50 mph (80 km/h) before it hit the Lesser Antilles.
Helena's strength changed a lot for the next 3 days.
Though it was weak, Helena was able to kill 5 people and create $500,000 in damage.
Deciduous means temporary or tending to fall off (deriving from the Latin word decidere, to fall off).
Atharvaveda is the fourth of the four Vedas.
Atharvaveda means the Veda of knowledge.
Anger may be passive anger or aggressive anger.
Big Five are the United States's major movie production studios which also distribute their product.
All of them have historic flagship production facilities near Hollywood.
All Big Five major studios (Walt Disney Pictures, Warner Bros.
Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, and Columbia Pictures) are parts of much larger business enterprises, with their corporate headquarters offices far from Hollywood.
The group of major studios long numbered seven, but was reduced to six with the fading from importance of MGM in the 1980s.
Paganism is a term that covers a great number of spiritual and religious beliefs, and someone who follows one of these beliefs is known as a Pagan.
Some of those in ancient times, who are called Pagans today, believed there was not just one god but a number of gods and goddesses.
The stories from Greek mythology are famous examples from a pagan religion.
Pagans usually focus on spirituality and nature, rather than on doctrines and dogma.
Not all pagans are polytheists (belief in more than one god).
Some of them are monotheists (belief in only one god).
The soundtrack of the movie was released by Walt Disney Records on June 21, 2002.
At least thirty species of shark can be found in the Irish Sea at different times.
These include the basking, thresher, blue, mako and porbeagle sharks.
There are about 12 species of Dolphin, porpoise and whales in the Irish Sea.
These include the common dolphin, bottlenose dolphin and the harbor porpoise.
The city is home to the Dallas Cowboys, a professional American football team.
In 1998 the United States Library of Congress chose the movie to keep in the National Film Registry.
Density is a measurement that compares the amount of matter an object has to its volume.
An object with much matter in a certain volume has high density.
An object with little matter in the same amount of volume has a low density.
Every continent is in the sea, like an island.
Most of the island is above the water line, and we see it as a continent.
Some of it though, is below the water line.
Beyond the continental shelf, the bottom goes down to much greater depths.
A 2009 sonar mapping of the Challenger Deep from the Kilo Moana found a spot with a depth of (6.82 miles).
The sonar system has an accuracy of better than 0.2% of water depth.
<ref name=Daily reports for R/V KILO MOANA></ref><ref name=Scientic Equipment aboard the R/V KILO MOANA></ref> Water pressure is more than a thousand times as great as at the surface.
The term cup, in relation to bras, began being used in 1916 when two patents were issued.
Cup sizes are given in letters such as A, B, C, D, E, F and G the Further the letter is the bigger the bra needed so for example a C size bra is bigger than an A size bra.
A common reason for torture is to get information from the victim, for example, to get confessions or the names of accomplices.
Information got by torture is unreliable, because people suffering tend to say whatever the questioner wants them to say.
Nevertheless, it was used for centuries by all kinds of societies.
It was authorised by the Christian Church during the Inquisition from 1252 to 1816.
On 31 December 2023, during her annual New Year's Eve address, Margrethe announced that she will abdicate the throne in favour of her son, Crown Prince Frederik, on 14 January 2024, exactly 52 years after she ascended the throne to Frederik X.
The atomic mass of an atom is not the same as its mass number.
The mass number (symbol: A) of an atom is the sum of the number of protons and the number of neutrons in the nucleus.
Mass numbers are always whole numbers with no units.
Also, relative isotopic mass is not the same as isotopic mass, and relative atomic mass (also called atomic weight) is not the same as atomic mass.
Here is an example about price: Peter raises sheep for their wool.
Sally raises chickens for their eggs.
Winter is coming, so Sally wants to make a warm wool coat.
People with Autism and other mental disabilities are mistreated in the workplace, leading to only around 15% of autistic people being employed at all.
Malayalam is a language.
Most people that speak Malayalam live in Kerala, in India.
A speaker of Malayalam is called a Malayali.
According to a 2021 survey, about 55% of the people are Hindus.
About 40% are Muslim.
There is a small (4%) Christian minority.
Others (1%) consists of (Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism, and Animism).
The capital at present is Raipur which would change to 'Naya Raipur' near Raipur.
It has eighteen districts: Raigarh, Bilaspur, Bijapur, Korba, Durg, Janjgir, Raipur, Koria, Sarguja, Bastar, Dantewada, Narayanpur, Rajnandgaon, Kanker, Mahasamund, Dhamtari, Jashpur and Kabirdham (Kawardha).
The word Doab is a combination of the Indo-Iranian words Doab (two) and āb (water), and thus the (land of) two rivers.
The two rivers are the Beas and Sutlej.
Sometimes, in English, there can be a definite article before the name i.e.
the Doaba.
The name is also sometimes spelled as Duoab or Douaab or Doaab.
Sikhs believe in equality therefore the are all equal in money.
Nobody is poor and nobody is rich.
There is a Sikh alphabet.
Sikhism, religion and philosophy founded in the Punjab region of the Indian subcontinent in the late 15th century.
The Sikhs call their faith Gurmat (Punjabi: “the Way of the Guru).
According to Sikh tradition, Sikhism was established by Guru Nanak (1469–1539) and subsequently led by a succession of nine other Gurus.
The West Bank is a piece of land in the Middle East.
It touches the Dead Sea and the River Jordan.
The landscape is mostly hills or desert.
The weather in the summer is hot and dry.
It is cooler and rainy in the winter.
Right now, the area is under the control of Israel.
Some Israelis and other nations disagree on whose it really is.
Intuitively, the four color theorem can be stated as 'given any separation of a plane into contiguous regions, called a map, the regions can be colored using at most four colors so that no two regions which are adjacent have the same color'.
To be able to correctly solve the problem, it is necessary to clarify some aspects: First, all points that belong to three or more countries must be ignored.
Secondly, bizarre maps with regions of finite area and infinite perimeter can require more than four colors.
For the purpose of the theorem every country has to be a simply connected region, or contiguous.
The four color theorem is the first big mathematical problem that was proved with the help of a computer.
Because the proof cannot be done by a human, some mathematicians did not recognize it as correct.
To verify the proof, it is necessary to rely on a correctly working software and hardware to validate the proof.
Because the proof was done by computer, it is also not very elegant.
Triceratops were long thought to have used their horns and frills in combat with predators such as Tyrannosaurus.
The idea was discussed first in 1917 and again 70 years later by Robert Bakker.
There is evidence that Tyrannosaurus did have aggressive head-on encounters with Triceratops, based on partially healed tyrannosaur tooth marks on a Triceratops brow horn and squamosal; the bitten horn is also broken, with new bone growth after the break.
Since the Triceratops wounds healed, the Triceratops survived the encounter.
Tyrannosaurus is also known to have fed on Triceratops.
Evidence for this includes a heavily tooth-scored Triceratops ilium and sacrum.
In addition to combat with predators using horns, Triceratops are classically shown engaging each other in combat with horns locked.
While studies show that such activity would be feasible, if unlike that of present-day horned animals, there is disagreement about whether they did so.
In the Upper Cretaceous, chalk, a type of limestone, was laid down in warm shallow seas.
Chalk is 95% to 99% made up of coccoliths, the calcium carbonate (CaCO3) plates which tiny single-celled algae (coccolithophorids) produce.
Two sets have the same cardinality if we can pair up their elements—if we can join two elements, one from each set.
The set formula_14 and the set formula_16 have the same cardinality.
E.g., we could pair apple with sun, and orange with moon.
The order does not matter.
It is possible to pair all the elements, and none is left out.
But the set formula_17 and the set formula_18 have different cardinality.
The union formula_41 of two sets formula_26 and formula_27 is a set that contains all the elements that are in set formula_26 or in set formula_27.
This or is the inclusive disjunction, so the union also contains the elements, that are in set formula_26 and in set formula_27.
One way of showing a set is by a list of its members, separated by commas, included in braces.
Some sets are very important to mathematics.
They are used very often.
One of these is the empty set.
If the barber shaves himself, he cannot be a barber, since a barber does not shave himself.
Many early hardcore punk bands had songs about liberal politics such as anarchism and socialism.
They spoke against political leaders, such as American president Ronald Reagan and British prime minister Margaret Thatcher.
While George W.
Bush was President of the United States, a number of hardcore bands criticized him.
The term protist includes microorganisms from several distantly related phyla.
Some are autotrophic (which means they make their own food by photosynthesis), and others are heterotrophic (which means they eat organic material).
Erode is a city in Tamil Nadu, India.
It is the capital of the Erode district.
About 500,000 people live in the city.
Thiruvananthapuram () is the capital city of the Indian state of Kerala.
The city used to be known by the name of Trivandrum.
It is on the west coast of India near the far south of the mainland.
Apart from being the capital of India’s most literate and socially developed state, Thiruvananthapuram is a strategically important city in Southern India.
Being the largest city in India’s deep south, it is important for both military logistics and civil aviation in the southern part of the country.
It is the headquarters of the Southern Air Command(SAC) of the Indian Air Force.
The city is very close to the international shipping route and east–west shipping axis.
Also, it falls under the international air route.
Due to the strategic importance of the city, the Indian Air Force authorities have planned to make an aerospace command in SAC.
There are many characters in the book who are based on real people.
They are grouped into pigs, horses, humans and other animals.
These are the original commandments laid down by the pigs.
Soy milk (also called soymilk, soya milk, soybean milk, soy bean milk, soy drink, or soy beverage) is a milk-like product made from soybeans.
The kernel provides services so programs can request the use of the network card, the disk or other pieces of hardware.
The kernel forwards the request to special programs called device drivers which control the hardware.
It also manages the file system and sets interrupts for the CPU to enable multitasking.
Many kernels are also responsible for ensuring that faulty programs do not interfere with the operation of others by denying access to memory that has not been allocated to them and restricting the amount of CPU time they can consume.
Kanpur is a city in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Almost three million people live in Kanpur.
Giant kelp uses gas-filled floats to keep the plant suspended, allowing the kelp blades near the ocean surface to capture light for photosynthesis.
Al Ain is the fourth largest metropolitan area by population in the Emirates, with a population of 348,000 (2003 census estimate).
There are more Emirati nationals in Al Ain than other places in the country, but most who live there are people who left other countries, particularly from the Indian sub-continent.
There are fewer Western people than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai.
This gives Al Ain a more 'Arabic' look and feel, compared to the larger cities of the Emirates.
Al Ain is becoming a place that tourists visit, with attractions such as Jebel Hafeet, a 1340 metre high mountain that dominates the surrounding area.
Many tourists like to visit the mineral springs at the base and drive to the top of this mountain for sunset.
Al Ain regularly records the highest summer temperatures in the country, but the dry desert air makes it a welcome escape from the coastal humidity of the larger cities.
Other attractions include the Al Ain Oasis in the city centre, and other oases around the area, cool places to escape the summer heat, a zoo, amusement park named Fun City, many well kept parks, popular with families in the summer evenings, a heritage village, as well as malls and other modern sites.
Important buildings include United Arab Emirates University, Higher Colleges of Technology, well-equipped medical facilities, including the teaching hospital at Tawam, military training areas and Al Ain International Airport.
There are two bridges which link the central part ofJutland to the island of Funen to the east.
They are the Little Belt Bridge and the New Little Belt Bridge.
The roads which use these bridges are part of the European road network.
Dubai is a city and emirate in the United Arab Emirates known for luxury shopping, ultramodern architecture and a lively nightlife scene.
Burj Khalifa, an 828m-tall tower, dominates the skyscraper-filled skyline.
At its foot lies Dubai Fountain, with jets and lights choreographed to music.
On artificial islands just offshore is Atlantis, The Palm, a resort with water and marine-animal parks.
A park is an open area,often found with trees,benches,statues,etc.
There is also lots of nature around, such as flowers, animals, trees, and much more.
It is mostly used for recreational activities such as walking, exercising, cycling, playing,etc.
An example of a national park is Yellowstone National Park.
A pond is a body of water smaller than a lake.
Ponds support wide range of wildlife: ducks, turtles, swans, small fish, and frogs can live in a pond.
Usually, in most ponds sunlight can reach to bottom.
In some cases ponds do not last all year round.
This type of pond is called a vernal pond, or ephemeral, seasonal, or temporary wetlands.
These types of ponds do not have any fish.
Some ponds are now getting polluted because of humans.
In Brazil, ethanol fuel made from sugar cane provides 18 percent of the country's fuel for cars.
Because of this, Brazil does not have to buy oil from other countries.
The boiling point of a liquid depends on the pressure of the surrounding air.
An increase in air pressure increases the boiling point; a decrease decreases the boiling point.
In the low pressure environment at the top of Mt Everest for example, water boils at only 69 °C.
(156.2 °F).
Eukaryotes have sets of linear chromosomes in the nucleus and the number of chromosomes is usually typical for each species.
We know, from their cell structure, that multicellularity has evolved independently many times in Earth history, for example in plants and animals.
Rabbits have a complex social structure and, like dogs, they have a hierarchy.
Rabbit ears probably have several functions.
The main function is to give warning of predators, but they may be used for signalling, and temperature regulation.
Louis Pasteur (December 27, 1822 – September 28, 1895) was a French microbiologist and chemist.
Many people also believe that their claws, or pincers, were once front legs that have turned into what they now are by going through evolution.
Nevertheless, the scorpions' claws play a crucial part in their hunting and mating rituals.
Scorpions also possess a special, feather-like pair of organs, called pectines that they use to sense even the smallest of movements around them.
This allows them to effectively track down and hunt their prey, either above or below the surface.
This also warns them of possible dangers, such as other bigger hunters.
Currently, the city is one of the main tourist attractions in the area.
It attracts hundreds of thousands of visitors every year.
There are many philosophical interpretations of the wave function, and a few of the leading ideas will be considered here.
The main idea, called the Born probability interpretation (named after physicist Max Born) comes from the simple idea that the wave function is square integrable; i.e.
An extension of the above ideas can be made.
Since the Born interpretation says that the actual position particle cannot be known, we can derive the following.
If formula_24 are solutions to the wave equation, then the superposition of those solutions, i.e.
The International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF), a worldwide organization, was founded in 1926, precisely 46 years after its invention.
Table tennis has been an Olympic sport since 1988, 108 years after its invention.
Nayarit is a middle sized Mexican state.
It is on the West coast of Mexico (on the Pacific Ocean shore).
He was also honored with the Award of the Yugoslavian Radio-Television (Ohrid, 1972), awards of the City of Belgrade for the best concert in the previous concert season (1976, 1981, 1986), as well as with 7th July Award (1962), the state’s highest award for the arts.
A birthday is the day when a person was born.
In many places, on a person's birthday, he or she celebrates with friends and family at a party, where they eat cake or other foods, and get gifts.
It is a common use to offer gifts in packages decorated for the occasion and accompanied by greeting cards.
Otherkin is a subculture where people identify as a non-human thing.
Some otherkin believe their identity comes from a non-human spirit, ancestry, or symbolism.
People also believe that Otherkin get their identity from neurodivergence.
In Brussels in Belgium, the main Carnival procession is held in the Grande Place, the town square in front of the Gothic Town Hall with its huge tower.
Every part of the procession is ruled by a tradition, but some of the traditions are so old that no-one remembers what they mean anymore.
At the beginning of the procession is a large group of people dressed in beautiful costumes of silk and velvet, who act out an historic scene of the coming of the King of Spain and his royal court to Brussels 500 years ago.
When they have taken their seats, there comes an amazing procession which includes stilt walkers, fire eaters, Goldilocks with a dancing bear, a mad camel, a wizard, lots of men in huge feathery headdresses, and the Archangel Michael whose job is to frighten the Devil.
These characters are traditional to Brussels.
In every city, the characters that take part are different.
The country of Uruguay in South America is a fun place to be during Carnival.
In Uruguay, Carnival has its own special musical performance.
During February and March, it is summer in Uruguay.
Everybody goes into the streets, from old people to children.
There are people dancing, singing, and playing a special kind of music.
This kind of dance and music is called murga.
People do murga performances in groups.
The biggest groups have 17 people.
They wear funny clothes with lots of colors.
They play the drums and sing.
The members of the groups are not professional singers or dancers.
They are people with other jobs.
Each group prepares and practices their own dance and songs for months.
Then, they try to be the best group at the festival.
Each group's dance and songs last about 45 minutes.
The songs are stories about important people or events in the news, so people think watching murga is like watching a play at the theater.
It may also be that the person only eats and drinks certain kinds of food.
Most often, fasting is done for religious reasons.
Depending on the tradition, fasting practices may forbid sexual intercourse, (or any sexual desire), masturbation, as well as refraining from eating certain types or groups of food (e.g.
meat).
This is a form of fasting when a person totally abstains from eating any food or drinking water.
On 21 January 2024, Isaiah Ogedegbe warned that a prolonged dry fasting is dangerous to health, for which reason it is inadvisable to do it for a very long time.
He also said that such a prolonged dry fasting has caused the deaths of some religious figures.
Early in 2023, the BBC reported that a Mozambican pastor Francisco Barajah also lost his life in a similar way after he did a 25-day dry fasting, but his initial plan was to complete a 40-day dry fasting just like Jesus Christ.
Later in 2023, a Nigerian pastor Victor Great was reported to have done a 21-day dry fasting; at the end of which he could not walk and several church workers assisted him from his car to the altar.
In addition to the standard HTST and UHT pasteurization standards, there are other lesser-known pasteurization techniques.
The first technique, called batch pasteurization, involves heating large batches of milk to a lower temperature, typically .
The other technique is called higher-heat/shorter time (HHST), and it lies somewhere between HTST and UHT in terms of time and temperature.
Pasteurization causes some irreversible and some temporary denaturization of the proteins in milk.
Ownership of weapons and violence has occurred in some cults.
The Branch Davidians under the direction of David Koresh used violence against Federal agencies, with tragic results for both sides.
The later FBI report reveals the extent of their arms stockpile.
Chip 'n Dale, two Disney cartoon characters, are famous chipmunks in pop culture.
Another such trio is Alvin, Simon and Theodore (created by Ross Bagdasarian).
It is often thought that opening windows will lessen the damage caused by a tornado.
While there is a big drop in atmospheric pressure inside a strong tornado, it is unlikely that the pressure drop would be enough to cause the house to explode.
Opening windows may actually increase the tornado's damage.
A violent tornado can destroy a house whether its windows are open or closed.
He got a job teaching at the Paris Conservatoire starting in 1867.
Every game consists of 4 quarters, being 20 minutes and overtime (stoppage time, time-keepers acting upon central umpire signals to determine how long).
After every quarter the teams swap direction.
The quarter is started when the umpire blows his whistle and bounces the ball in the middle of the field (similar to a basketball tip)and opposing players try to tap or punch the ball to their team-mates.
On a flying roller coaster riders lie face down so they feel like they are flying.
Cars hang below the track.
A capillary is a blood vessel.
It does not have the muscular/elastic tissue of other blood vessels.
It has a single celled wall to help substances be transported through organisms.
Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St.
Alban KC, (22 January 1561 – 9 April 1626), was an English philosopher, statesman, and author.
He has been described as one of the greatest thinkers ever whose ideas have changed the way people think.
He used his positions to make more money for himself, and in 1621 the Parliament found that he was corrupt.
He was fined £40,000 and removed from all his jobs.
King James overturned the fine, but he was kept as a prisoner in the Tower of London for a while.
They were materially aided by Mr.
W.T.
Lopp, agent of the American Missionary Society at Cape Prince of Wales, and Artisarlook, a native of that region, both of whom, at great personal sacrifice, left their families and accompanied the reindeer herd to Point Barrow.
The British took Yangon and all of Lower Burma in the Second Anglo-Burmese War of 1852, and then changed Yangon into the most important city of British Burma.
The British constructed a new city on a grid plan on delta land.
It was bound to the east by the Pazundaung Creek and to the south and west by the Yangon River.
Yangon became the capital of all British Burma after the British had captured Upper Burma in the Third Anglo-Burmese War of 1885.
By the 1890s Yangon's increasing population and commerce gave birth to prosperous residential suburbs to the north of Royal Lake (Kandawgyi) and Inya Lake.
The British also established hospitals including Rangoon General Hospital and colleges including Rangoon University.
All kinds of clothing send social messages as to what the person is.
For years workmen in Britain wore caps, but foremen (supervisors) wore bowler hats.
So, in traditional societies it was expected of a person that he or she would dress appropriately.
Other people would know from their clothes what kind of person was on view.
That aspect of hats and clothing in general is much less true today.
Highlights shining on the reflective petals of the buttercup can be seen in the images at left and above.
Many engineering projects are large and very complicated.
WordPress is a piece of software which has become the most widely used content management system and is used for setting up blogs.
It is open source, licensed under the GPL, and written in PHP.
WordPress provides plugins which provide additional functionality through WordPress Plugin Directory.
There are over 54,000+ Plugins available in WordPress repository, and they can be installed through either upload or by one-click installation through the WordPress Plugin Library.
Users can write posts into the software and other people reading the post can write comments about it.
Since the release of WordPress version 4.7 the software had been downloaded more than 36+ million times.
The fertile parts are known as Rangelands and have been traditionally used for sheep or cattle farming.
The Gita posits the existence of an individual self (Atman or Soul) and the supreme self (Brahman or Supreme Soul) within each being.
The dialogue between the prince and his charioteer has been interpreted as a metaphor for an immortal dialogue between the human self and God.
The text covers the philosophy of Yoga in terms of Gyan (Knowledge) yoga, Bhakti (devotion) yoga, Karma (action) yoga, and Rāja (governance) yoga.
Many scholars believe that originally Upanishads are rebellion against Vedas and it has added to Vedas by its unique spiritual quest.
Upanishad means sit down with master to learn about the Atman(soul).
The Upanishads do not belong to a specific period of Sanskrit literature.
The oldest, such as the Brhadaranyaka Upanishad and Chandogya Upanishad, may be as old as 8th century BC, while the youngest, depending on the specific Upanishad, may date to the medieval or early modern period.
More than 300 text about Upanishad have been found but we have 108 Upanishad in written.
The palm has many meanings in both ancient and modern Middle Eastern religions.
A mirror or looking-glass is something that reflects light.
One common plane mirror is a piece of special flat glass that a person can look into to see a reflection of themselves or what is behind them.
Constable's watercolours were also remarkably free for their time.
The almost mystical Stonehenge, 1835, with its double rainbow, is often considered to be one of the greatest watercolours ever painted.
When he exhibited it in 1836, Constable appended a text to the title: The mysterious monument of Stonehenge, standing remote on a bare and boundless heath, as much unconnected with the events of past ages as it is with the uses of the present, carries you back beyond all historical records into the obscurity of a totally unknown period.
The sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air.
To convey the effects of light and movement, Constable used broken brushstrokes, often in small touches, which he worked over lighter passages.
This gave an impression of sparkling light over the landscape.
One of the most expressionistic and powerful of all his studies is Seascape Study with Rain Cloud, painted in around 1824 at Brighton, which captures with slashing dark brushstrokes an exploding shower at sea.
Constable also became interested in painting rainbow effects, for example in Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows, 1831, and in , 1833.
Claude Monet (14 November 1840 – 5 December 1926) was a French impressionist artist.
After the Hebrews went to Egypt to get food, the old Pharaoh died, and a new Pharaoh came to power and made each Hebrew a slave.
The Pharaoh made the Hebrews work very hard and told his soldiers to throw their babies into the Nile River.
One baby, was put in a reed basket and floated on the Nile.
He was later rescued by an Egyptian princess who named him Moses.
Moses grew up in Pharaoh's palace, and later killed an Egyptian slavedriver.
Moses escaped from Egypt and lived away from his people in Midian.
He lived with Jethro, his father-in-law.
The accident raised concerns about the safety of the Soviet nuclear power industry.
The Soviet Union slowed the process of making its nuclear industry bigger for some time.
The government also had to become less secretive as a result of the accident.
Since 1991, Russia, Ukraine and Belarus have become separate countries.
Those countries have continued to pay the high costs for decontamination (removing the radiation) and health care because of the accident.
Exposure to radiation leads to a higher risk of getting cancer.
Pripyat (Ukrainian: При́п'ять, Prypiat’) is an abandoned city in northern Ukraine.
It lies in Kyiv Oblast, near the border with Belarus.
It was home to Chernobyl nuclear power plant workers.
The city was abandoned in 1986 after the Chernobyl accident, the worst nuclear reactor accident in history.
Before being abandoned, about 48,000 people lived in the city.
The city was founded in the 1970s, when the nuclear power plant opened.
The Sino-Soviet split (1956-1966) was a time when the relations between the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union weakened during the Cold War.
Eventually, China's leader, Mao Zedong, decided to break the alliance with the Soviet Union.
Cao Cao gathered an army in 184 to fight against the Yellow Scarves rebellion.
After the Dong Zhuo had seized the Emperor Liu Bian in 189 and deposed him in favour of his brother Liu Xie (Emperor Xian), a coalition of local warlords all over the country arose against Dong.
It was called by Cao Cao and led by Yuan Shao, and many powerful warriors joined it.
Later influences on the development of Scots were from Romance languages via ecclesiastical and legal Latin, Norman and later Parisian French from the Auld Alliance and Dutch and Middle Low German influences by trade and immigration from the Low Countries.
Scots also includes loanwords from contact with Gaelic.
From the 13th century, Early Scots spread further into Scotland through the burghs established by King David I.
The growth in prestige of Early Scots in the 14th century and the decline of French in Scotland made Scots the prestige dialect in most of eastern Scotland.
(manger is the infinitive of the verb.
The infinitive is the un-conjugated form of the verb, literally the to do something form such as to walk, to play, to eat.
In English one does not say I like eat one must say I like to eat.
In both English and French (J'aime manger) the infinitive form of the verb would be used in this case.
Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (7 March 1850 - 14 September 1937) was the first President of Czechoslovakia.
He led the country between years 1918 and 1935.
He was a scientist, philosopher, pedagog, politician, and journalist.
He studied in Brno, Vienna, and Leipzig, and he spoke many languages (Latin, French, Polish, German and English).
Ebert co-wrote the screenplay for the 1970 Russ Meyer movie Beyond the Valley of the Dolls and likes to joke about being responsible for the movie, which was poorly received on its release but is now regarded as a cult classic.
Ebert and Meyer also made Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens, Up!, and others, and were involved in the ill-fated Sex Pistols movie Who Killed Bambi?
In April 2010, Ebert posted his screenplay of Who Killed Bambi?
aka Anarchy in the UK on his blog.
Traffic cones are usually placed around construction sites or roadside accidents.
As well, many utility companies such as telephone companies and electric companies place cones on the road when utility workers are working on or near the road.
Cones are also used by driving schools to set up tests of turning and parking skills.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef.
It is near the coast of Queensland, Australia.
It is made up of nearly 2900 coral reefs and over 600 islands.
It is 327,800 km big and 2600 km long.
It has been listed an important World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
The Great Barrier Reef is the biggest structure made by living things.
It can be seen from outer space.
The Reefs are threatened.
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority and Australian Institute of Marine Science say the current, living reef started growing about 20,000 years ago.
It started to grow on an older reef.
This makes the beginning of the reef duringay.
The land that forms the bottom of the Great Barrier Reef was a coastal plain.
The plain had some large hills.
Some of these hills were parts of older reefs.
The Great Barrier Reef has 1,500 species of fish, and many other animals, algae, and corals.
This includes many vulnerable or endangered species.
Some of these exist only on this reef system.
Four hundred species of corals, both hard corals and soft corals live on the reef.
Most of these spawn, releasing thousands of eggs, in huge events.
This spawning is controlled by the rising sea temperatures.
This happens in spring, summer and some parts of autumn, as part of the moons lunar cycle, and the day/night diurnal cycle.
Reefs in the inner Great Barrier Reef spawn during the week after the full moon in October.
Outer reefs spawn in November and December.
The common soft corals on the Great Barrier Reef belong to 36 different types.
Five hundred species of marine algae or seaweed live on the reef.
This includes thirteen types of Halimeda.
These deposit chalky (calcareous) mounds up to 100 metres wide.
They have mini-ecosystems on their surface which have been compared to rainforest cover.
A dachshund that is obese (fat) can have a higher risk of getting injured.
That is because the extra weight puts more strain on the backbone (vertebrae).
The restaurants that sell fast food are called fast food shops or fast-food restaurants.
Some of the more common fast food restaurants are McDonald's, Wendy's, Burger King, Culver's, Taco Bell, and KFC.
All these chains have a limited short menu and serve the same kind of food in all their outlets.
The shops are subcontracted by the supplying company and tied absolutely by contract to that single supplier.
However, the same kind of criticism could be (and is) directed at some other kinds of restaurants.
The problem is seen by many critics as being one of over-eating, rather than one of the specific food types.
The flag of Japan shows a red sun (rising sun) in the middle of a white field.
It is called Nisshoki (日章旗) formally in Japan.
But Japanese people usually call it Hinomaru (日の丸) which means circle of the sun.
The Japanese navy uses the other flag; the sun has rays.
Unlike most other cephalopods, most octopods have only soft body with no internal skeleton.
They have no protective outer shell like the nautilus, which is another type of cephalopod.
In women, the urethra is 3-4 cm (1.5 in) long.
It's opening to the outside of the body is part of the vulva (the area between a woman's legs).
The female urethra is between the clitoris and the opening to the vagina.
Men's urethra goes through their penis, but in women, it is not in the clitoris.
In men, the urethra is about 20 cm (8 in) long and its opening to the outside of the body is at the end of the penis.
Belgium was allowed to have Moresnet and Eupen and Malmedy.
That is the main reason that Belgium has a German-speaking community.
The treaty also split up many large empires on the losing side.
US President Woodrow Wilson thought that was a very good idea because many people in Europe wanted to be free from the big empires.
But that also created problems such as having many little countries next to a much bigger Germany.
New countries by the Baltic Sea (Estonia, Finland, Latvia, and Lithuania) were also created in other treaties after World War I.
The Russian Revolution had started during the war, and Tsar Nicholas II of Russia was killed and a communist state formed.
A civil war raged in Russia between the anticommunist Whites and the communist Reds.
Russia had lost control of its western territory (Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Poland).
Later, during World War II, the Soviet Union took over Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and half of Poland.
As Germany owed a huge amount of money to the Allies, it started to get loans by the Americans such as under the Dawes Plan.
During the Great Depression in 1932, the United States wanted all its money back.
Germany refused to pay and printed more and more money to pay its debts.
That led to hyperinflation and the Reichsmark was worthless.
Some Germans even wanted to fight another war to get rid of it.
It was already mentioned in the years 788/789 in a document of the monastery of Lorsch.
Afterwards there was no documentation until the end of the 13th century when it became part of the restrict of Speyer.
The first mayor was Heinrich von Eschelbrunnen in the year 1261.
In 1267 a castle made of wood was built and later rebuilt into a water-castle of stone in 1375.
In 1526 the village became Protestant.
Some scholars have associated the Kurds with the Medes, an ancient Iranian people.
Gernot Ludwig Windfuhr, professor of Iranian Studies, states that the majority of those who now speak Kurdish most likely were formerly speakers of a Median dialect.
Windfuhr also states Kurdish languages as Parthian, albeit with a Median substratum.
Set theory was created around 1874 by Georg Cantor.
It had to be made better because collections of objects can cause problems if we work with them without explaining them better.
Russell's paradox was one of the problems.
Think about the set of all sets that are not members of themselves.
If it were inside itself, then the rule which defines it would mean that it is not inside itself.
But, if it were not inside itself, then the rule which defines it would mean that it is inside itself.
This was a serious problem, and it meant that the old set theory was broken.
When Crazy Horse was first born he was given the name 'Curly'.
When he was young, he had a vision when he was not supposed to and his family did not know where he was.
His father found him and was very unhappy at what young Curly had done.
Khartoum has a hot desert climate (BWh in the Koeppen climate classification).
Canidae is a family of carnivorous and omnivorous mammals of the order Carnivora.
Animals that belong to the family Canidae are called canids.
The family Canidae is divided into two tribes: Vulpini (true foxes), and Canini (true dogs).
Nickel is a silver-white metal.
It is easily polished (made shiny).
It is magnetic.
It is not magnetic when heated above .
It is not soft like many other metals.
It can be stretched into wires easily.
It is not radioactive.
Most rodents are small.
Examples of commonly known rodents are mice, rats, chipmunks, and squirrels.
Some other small rodents sometimes kept as pets are Guinea pigs, hamsters, and gerbils.
Brockton is a town in Plymouth County in the U.S.
state of Massachusetts.
It and the town of Plymouth are the county seats of Plymouth County.
Rabat will bid to host the 2020 Summer Olympic Games.
Overland Park is in between North America's humid subtropical climate and humid continental climate zones.
They usually have hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
Every two years, an event called Bedford River Festival is held near the river in Bedford during early July.
The event lasts for two days.
About 250,000 people go there to enjoy all the events, the sports, food, funfairs and live music.
When a man is stimulated, his penis becomes erect.
When he has an orgasm, semen comes out from the end of his penis.
Semen contains sperm and other substances.
How long a man can be stimulated before ejaculating, how long the ejaculation lasts, the strength of the ejaculation, and the amount of semen that comes out, all vary from one man to another.
When a man ejaculates, he has a very good feeling in his penis and in his groin area (the part of his body where his torso joins the top of his legs).
A man can ejaculate after he masturbates, is touched by someone else sexually, and sometimes, even if he is not touched (for example, if he looks at pictures and videos on the internet that cause sexual arousal, or thinks about sex).
Ejaculation can also happen without control when a man is sleeping, which is called a wet dream.
Urine can sometimes also come out with the ejaculatory fluid during sex.
Emperor Shōwa is buried in the Imperial Mausoleum in Hachiōji, along with Emperor Taishō.
Ancient Rome was a civilization that started in the city of Rome on the Italian Peninsula.
Roman civilization was the most important civilization in the Mediterranean region, Europe and the Near East from the late 3rd century BC.
Roman civilization existed throughout Classical Antiquity, Late Antiquity, and the Middle Ages.
However, Ancient Rome means the ancient history of Roman civilization before the Middle Ages.
Traditionally, the fall of the western Roman Empire during the 5th century AD is the start of the Middle Ages in Western Europe.
At the end of the wars, Augustus overcame his Roman enemies and the Ptolemaic dynasty, which controlled the Kingdom of Egypt.
Augustus became the first Roman emperor, and Roman civilization controlled all lands around the Mediterranean Sea.
The fourth manual is called the Solo because the stops on this manual are used to play out the tune as a solo.
This manual is even farther away from the player than the Swell.
Large cathedral organs usually have four manuals.
The Solo will probably have a very loud stop indeed called the “Tuba or “Tuba Mirabilis.
The notes on the pedals are arranged like the notes on a keyboard, but are obviously much bigger.
The player needs to learn to play by 'feel', otherwise he will have to spend all his time looking at his feet.
He plays each note, either with the toe or the heel and either on the inside of the foot or the outside.
The American and British Standard organ contains 30 notes giving a range of nearly 2 octaves (C to F, or sometimes C to G: 32 notes).
They are not quite in a straight line but fan out a little to make it easier to play (it is called a radiating, concave pedalboard).
In German and French organs and organs built before 1920, the pedalboard will be straight without any fan curvature to it.
Many organists find that this makes it more difficult to play.
Organists need a good pair of shoes: ones which have good narrow heels and preferably pointed toes.
The soles need to be fairly slippery, but not too much, so that the player can slide the foot from one pedal to another.
Organists usually like to keep a pair of shoes which are worn only for playing the organ so that the soles do not have grit or dirt from the street.
By about 1450, the organs that were being built in Germany and the Netherlands had two or three manuals and pedals.
There were stops so that the player could choose which ranks he wanted to sound.
The collection of pieces called the Buxheimer Orgelbuch (about 1470), is one of the first collections we have of organ music.
French organs, too, were developing.
In England, organs were quite small.
Composers like John Bull, William Byrd and Orlando Gibbons wrote music for chamber organs.
In the Netherlands Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck was a very famous organist and teacher.
Organ composition reached a great peak in the work of J.S.Bach, but then people started to lose interest.
Not many developments took place in organ-building during the Classical music period.
Although Mozart played the organ and called it the “King of Instruments he did not often write music for it.
Among the organ builders at this time were Joseph and Claude-Ignace Callinet who built the organ at Notre-Dame's (St.
Etienne, Loire) in 1837.
In the 19th century, many organs in England and America were placed in corners of churches where they could not be heard very well.
In the 20th century, organ builders thought more about the best position for the organ, so that the sound would fill the main part of the church, the nave.
Hyves is a website where people can have contact with friends online.
It can be used to make new friends or to stay in touch with old friends.
It was started in 2004 and has over 9 million users; most of them are Dutch.
That is the reason why it is very popular in the Netherlands.
Inside a man's body, the testicles make tiny cells called sperm, which are needed for sexual reproduction.
The testicles also make a hormone called testosterone.
This is a chemical that makes a person grow into a man and feel like a man.
The testicles are glands, which are special parts of the body that make chemicals.
Other glands that make up the genitals are the prostate, seminal vesicles, and bulbourethral glands (also called the Cowper's glands).
Together, these glands make a white, sticky fluid called semen that sperm float in.
Finally, a man's body contains ducts (tubes) such as the two vasa deferentia or ducta deferentia, which carry sperm out of the testicles; and the urethra, which carries semen through the penis and out of the body.
The urethra also carries urine away from the bladder.
Alexa was an Internet service that measures how many Internet users visit a website.
At Alexa.com, people entered a website address and Alexa showed them how well-visited the website is.
It can also tell them how its popularity has changed over time.
Alexa was created in 1996 by American businessman Brewster Kahle and Bruce Gilliat.
In 1999, Alexa was bought by Amazon.com for about US$250 million in Amazon stock.
When President Barack Obama did this, he also worked with NASA to create the Space Launch System.
This, with commercial launch vehicles (launch vehicles that are not owned by NASA), will take humans to the Moon, Mars and Ceres.
Jackals are not a clade.
They have several times developed from canid ancestors.
However, they are closely related.
It could be put this way: jackals are dogs which have a certain similar appearance and behaviour.
They all have 78 chromosomes.
Its members in 1949 were the United States, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, the United Kingdom, Canada, Portugal, Italy, Norway, Denmark and Iceland.
On 18 February 1952, Greece and Turkey also joined.
North Macedonia joined NATO on 27 March 2020 and became its 30th member.
The Iberian lynx is the most endangered feline in the world.
There are only two populations (together, 300 animals), in the southern Spain.
There are four versions of the game each with different breeds.
One of the reasons why many companies are using RAID is that the data in the array can simply be used.
Those using the data need not be aware they are using RAID at all.
When a failure occurred and the array is recovering, access to the data will be slower.
Accessing the data during this time will also slow down the recovery process, but this is still much faster than not being able to work with the data at all.
In the diagram to the right, data are concatenated from the end of disk 0 (block A63) to the beginning of disk 1 (block A64); end of disk 1 (block A91) to the beginning of disk 2 (block A92).
For example, if you wanted to add 2.0002 and 2.0003, you can add 2 and 2, and it would be an approximation.
In later vedic texts, Shiva becomes a deity.
Shiva is also called as Brahman, the supreme universal consciousness.
The word shivo'ham translates as I am Shiva, conveying that one's consciousness is where the lord resides, uniting it with the supreme transcendence.
In Tamil, he was called by different names other than Sivan.
Nataraja (Dancing form of Shiva), Rudra (Enraged form of Shiva), and Dhakshinamoorthy (Yoga form of Shiva).
Nataraja is the only form of Shiva worshipped in a human figure format.
Elsewhere he is worshipped in Lingam figure.
Pancha Bootha temples are located in south India.
Pancha Bhoota Stalam refers to five temples dedicated to Shiva.
Tamil literature is enriched by Shiva devotees called 63 Nayanmars (Nayanars).
Seal discovered during excavation of the Indus Valley archaeological site in the Indus Valley has drawn attention as a possible representation of a yogi or proto-Shiva figure.
Vima Kadphises with ithyphallic Shiva.
Ardhanarishvara sculpture, Khajuraho, depicting Shiva with goddess Parvati as his equal half.
In the Ardhanarisvara concept, the icon is presented as half-man and half woman.
Oleograph by Raja Ravi Varma depicting a Shiva-centric Panchayatana.
A bearded Shiva sits in the centre with his wife Parvati and their infant son Ganesha; surrounded by (clockwise from left upper corner) Ganesha, Devi, Vishnu, and Surya.
Shiva's mount is the bull Nandi below Shiva.
An art depiction of the Trimurti, with Shiva depicted on the right, at the Hoysaleswara temple in Halebidu.
Shiva is depicted both as an ascetic yogi, and as a householder with goddess Parvati.
Chola dynasty statue depicting Shiva dancing as Nataraja (Los Angeles County Museum of Art).
Shiva is often depicted as an archer in the act of destroying the triple fortresses, Tripura, of the Asuras.
Shiva's name Tripurantaka ('Tripurāntaka'), ender of Tripura, refers to this important story.
The 10th century five headed Shiva, Sadashiva, Cambodia.
Shiva has been adopted and merged with Buddhist deities.
Left: Daikokuten is a Shiva-Ōkuninushi fusion deity in Japan; Right: Acala is a fierce Shiva adaptation.
The statue of Shiva engaging in the Nataraja dance at the campus of European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in Geneva, Switzerland.
Freshwater eels (unagi) and marine eels (Conger eel, anago) are used in Japanese food.
Eels are used in Cantonese (Hong Kong) food and Shanghai food.
Some people eat the European eel and other eels that live in lakes all around the world.
A traditional London food is jellied eels.
The Spanish meal, angulas, consists of deep-fried elvers.
Pilate had Jesus whipped, then tried to let him go.
The chief priests demanded that Jesus be sentenced to death because he claimed to be God's son.
This filled Pilate with fear.
He brought Jesus back inside the palace and demanded to know from where he came ().
Coming before the crowd one last time, Pilate declared Jesus innocent.
He washed his own hands in water to show he has no part in this.
However, Pilate handed Jesus over to be crucified so that the crowd would not get angry () and that he could keep his job.
Goldman faced many legal troubles.
In 1893 she was convicted of starting a riot and spent a year in prison.
She was arrested in 1901 for allegedly conspiring in the assassination of President McKinley, but was never found guilty.
In 1919, Goldman and Berkman were sent back to Russia because the American government thought they were too dangerous.
The Russian Revolution had just happened and Goldman was hopeful that Russia might end up being a good place.
She ended up deciding that the revolution in Russia was not as good as she thought and that the Bolsheviks tricked many of the people in Russia.
She thought the Bolsheviks were too controlling and were too powerful.
She also did not like that the Soviet Union put lots of anarchists in jail for not agreeing with them.
She and Berkman left after two years and Goldman lived in many places in Europe, including England and France.
In 1936 she moved to Spain to help the anarchists fight the fascists during the Spanish Civil War.
Computer engineering is the practice of making computers and their parts.
Computer engineers are always trying to make new parts smaller and better.
They can also work on software, especially software for embedded systems (specialized electronics like cell-phones and satellite receivers, not a general-purpose computer).
Hannibal is listed as one of the greatest military commanders in history.
The military historian Theodore Ayrault Dodge once called Hannibal the father of strategy because even his greatest enemy, Rome, copied his military ideas.
In the Spring of 216 BC Hannibal captured the large supply depot at Cannae in the Apulian plain, effectively placing himself between the Romans and their source of supply.
The Roman Senate resumed their consular elections in 216.
They chose Caius Terentius Varro and Lucius Aemilius Paullus as consuls.
The Romans raised largest army so far their history to defeat Hannibal.
It is estimated that the total strength of the army was around 80,000 men.
Fenerbahçe is a sports club in Istanbul, Turkey.
It was officially founded in 1907.
Fenerbahçe's home stadium is the Fenerbahce Şükrü Saraçoğlu Stadium in Kadıköy, Istanbul.
Nevertheless, there were positive reactions to the movie as well.
Archer Winsten, who had criticized Snow White, said that The faults (mistakes) that were in Snow White no longer exist.
In writing of Pinocchio, you are limited only by your own power of expressing enthusiasm.
Also, despite the poor timing of the release, the movie did do well both critically and at the box office in the United States.
Jiminy Cricket's song, When You Wish Upon a Star, became a major success and still is today, and is the fanfare for The Walt Disney Company.
Pinocchio also won the Academy Award for Best Song and the Academy Award for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture.
In 1994, Pinocchio was added to the United States National Film Registry as being very important in culture, history, or aesthetic.
In 2001 Terry Gilliam picked it as one of the ten best animated movies of all time and in 2005 Time.com named it one of the 100 best movies of the last 80 years.
Many movie historians consider this to be the movie that is the closest to technical perfection of all the Disney animated features.
There is a collection of CDs named Classic Disney: 60 Years of Musical Magic.
It includes When You Wish upon a Star on the second disc (the blue one), Give a Little Whistle on the fourth disc (the purple one), and I've Got No Strings on the fifth disc (the orange one).
Trying to confirm the facts in Haley novel in regards to Africa and the Waller, Lea, and Murray families raised doubts.
When he saw that the Xia Dynasty was starting to be weak, Tang started 16 wars fighting the Xia Dynasty, getting many lands.
Tang finally defeated the dynasty in 1600bc.
Specialized fighters have been made, such as night fighters, interceptors, and air superiority fighters.
Before the invention of the printing press, knowledge had belonged to priests, monasteries and universities.
Suddenly many thousands of people, even merchants, could learn far more than they ever could before.
Greenwich Village is bordered by Broadway to the east, Hudson River to the west, Houston Street to the south and 14th Street to the north.
This code is in Python.
In 1481, Pope Sixtus IV summoned him and prominent Florentine and Umbrian artists who had been summoned to fresco the walls of the Sistine Chapel.
The iconological program was the supremacy of the Papacy.
Sandro's contribution was moderately successful.
The main difference between sign languages and spoken languages is that sign languages use hand and body movements to form signs while spoken languages use sounds to form words.
Really, each sign in a sign language is like a word in a spoken language.
Both types of languages use grammar rules to combine words/signs into sentences.
That's what makes them languages, and why both types of languages are different from mime or simple gestures.
Electronics, computer science, graphic design and communication are studied at the University Institute of Technology.
Veins are mainly seen just below the skin, and could easily be seen from the outside, where they look blue because of the lack of oxygen.
The Philadelphia Flyers are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).
They began in 1967, and have been a strong team for most of their history.
The Flyers won the Stanley Cup championship in 1974 and 1975.
They also made the finals in 1976, 1980, 1985, 1987, 1997, and 2010.
They won the President's Trophy as top team in the regular season in 1975, 1980, and 1985.
In 2005, the Penguins were one of the worst teams in the league, but they were able to draft Sidney Crosby.
Crosby was 6th in NHL scoring in his rookie (first) season in 2005-06, at the age of 18.
In 2007, the Penguins made the playoffs, but were eliminated in five games by the Ottawa Senators in the first round.
The next year, the Penguins advanced to the Stanley Cup final.
However, the Detroit Red Wings beat them in six games.
The Los Angeles Kings are an ice hockey team in the National Hockey League (NHL).
The Kings have been known for their high scoring teams.
Marcel Dionne won the Art Ross Trophy as NHL scoring champion in 1980, and Wayne Gretzky won it on the Kings in 1990, 1991, and 1994.
Gretzky also won the Hart Trophy as the NHL's most valuable player on the Kings in 1989.
Charlie Simmer tied for the most goals (now the Richard Trophy) in 1980.
Luc Robitaille, one of the ten highest goal scorers in NHL history, spent most of his years on the Kings.
Spokane was founded in 1871 when a sawmill was built on the Spokane Falls.
In 1889 a fire burned down the downtown area of Spokane.
In 1892 the railroad came to Spokane, and this made it easier for people to get into and out of the city.
The characters' Japanese names are followed by their English names.
In 686, the community was taken over by Ceolfrid, and Wearmouth monastery and its other site in Jarrow became very important places of learning in Anglo-Saxon England.
The library had about 300 books; all of them were hand written and painted.
The Codex Amiatinus, was written and painted at the monastery and was probably worked on by Bede who was born at Wearmouth in 673.
Bede wrote the Historia ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum (The Ecclesiastical History of the English People) in 731.
This is why he is often called The father of English history.
Sunderland was the one of the most heavily bombed areas in England during World War II.
As a result, much of the town centre was rebuilt in a boring concrete style.
But some fine old buildings remain.
These include Holy Trinity, built in 1719 for an independent Sunderland, St.
Michaels's Church, built as Bishopwearmouth Parish Church and now known as Sunderland Minster and St.
Peter's Church, Monkwearmouth, part of which dates from 674 AD, and was the original monastery.
Most of the suburbs of Sunderland are west of the city centre with 70% of its population living on the south side of the river and 30% on the north side.
The city extends to the seafront at Hendon and Ryhope (on the south) and Seaburn (on the north).
Sunderland has produced a number of musicians that have gone on to reach international fame, most notably Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics.
Kenickie, which featured Lauren Laverne on vocals, also achieved a top ten album and wide critical acclaim in the mid-to-late-1990s.
Once called the Greatest Shipbuilding Town in the World, ships were built on the Wear from at least 1346 onwards.
The Port of Sunderland was expanded in the 1850s when the Hudsons Dock were built for the River Wear Commissioners.
Robert Stephenson helped the engineers.
Wilhelm Busch (born April 15, 1832 in Wiedensahl, near Hannover; died January 9, 1908 in Mechtshausen) was a German painter and poet who is known for his satirical picture stories.
Electronic sports (Also called esports) is term for video games that are played competitively.
Popular electronic sports games are Counter-Strike, League of Legends, Warcraft, Starcraft, Dota 2, Quake, Fortnite and Valorant.
Electronic Sports is played over the Internet or via LAN.
There are professional leagues and tournaments like the Cyberathlete Professional League, ClanBase, Electronic Sports League and the World Cyber Games where electronic sports players can earn thousands of US Dollars.
One example is Starcraft in Korea where they have many players who are very competitive.
Sustainable development is a way for people to use the things they need so there will be left.
It means building things without harming the natural world.
Fasting is supposed to teach Muslims about patience and ibadah (faith).
It is a time for Muslims to think about how the poor and homeless suffer without lots of food, it helps Muslims to be more obedient, and less greedy.
During Ramadan, Muslims ask to be forgiven for their sins, and they pray for help in stopping them from doing bad things.
There are different views about his early life.
The account that he gave in his first autobiography, accepted for several years, is that he was a Sherpa born and brought up in Khumbu in Nepal.
However more recent research has led to the claim that he was born a Tibetan in Kharta valley, Tibet, but his family were left destitute when their yaks were killed by disease, and he was sold as a bonded servant to a Sherpa family in Thamey in Nepal.
Khumbu lies near Mount Everest, which the Tibetans and Sherpas call Chomolungma which in Tibetan means Mother Goddess of the Earth.
Nicolaus Copernicus (19 February 1473 – 24 May 1543) was a Polish astronomer.
People know Copernicus for his ideas about the sun and the earth.
His main idea was that our world is heliocentric (helios = sun).
His theory was that the sun is in the middle of the solar system, and the planets go around it.
This was published in his book, De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres) in the year that he died.
Lightning is a very powerful electrical discharge made during a thunderstorm.
The electric current makes the air very hot.
The suddenly heated air expands very quickly, which causes thunder.
Sometimes lightning happens between clouds.
Sometimes (in the rain) lightning goes from cloud to ground.
If it goes from cloud to ground, it can strike a person.
Around 2000 people are struck by lightning each year.
A few of them are not killed.
There is a prominent diocese called Roman Catholic Diocese of Roseau.
European plaice (Pleuronectes platessa) is the name for a kind of fish.
They are a commercially important flatfish.
They live on the sandy bottoms of the European shelf.
Its geographical range is from the Barents Sea to the Mediterranean.
Plaice are characterised by their smooth, brown skin, red spots and bony ridge behind the eyes.
The show Danny Phantom is about a fourteen-year-old boy named Danny Fenton His parents, Jack Fenton and Maddie Fenton, are ghost hunters and also create machines that help them to catch ghosts.
Danny's parents were creating a portal, but when they were finished and tried to make it work, it failed to work and they quit.
Danny, however, who had been watching them, put on a white suit and went inside the machine out of curiosity.
He accidentally pressed a button and got an electric shock, which gave him his ghost powers.
An odd number is an integer when divided by two, either leaves a remainder or the result is a fraction.
One is the first odd positive number.
Some examples of odd numbers are 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, and 11.
Jackson had several hit singles worldwide.
Among them are What Have You Done for Me Lately, Control, Nasty, Rhythm Nation, Miss You Much, Escapade, Love Will Never Do (Without You), and That's the Way Love Goes.
The reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) is an even-toed ungulate mammal of the deer family.
In North America it is also called caribou.
reindeers shed their antlers, the bucks just before Christmas and the females later in the spring.
DHCP is one of the most complicated IP protocols in networks of computers.
The first cellular mobile phone networks were created in 1979 in Japan.
Now almost all urban areas, and many country areas, are covered by mobile phone networks.
Hemera's mother was the goddess of the night and her father was the god of darkness.
they were brother and sister and married and had kids Hemera was one of them.
Like many other religions and practices, people learn about voodoo and hoodoo through movies and TV shows, where it has gained the popularity it has today as a form of entertainment.
Hoodoo was showcased in the 2005 horror-suspense movie, The Skeleton Key, starring Kate Hudson (correctly emphasizing that it was hoodoo that was being used), and in the 2009 Disney movie The Princess and the Frog.
Just as there is Christian music, there is music that came from voodoo rituals, which influenced jazz, and many of the original jazz players are rumored to have had a connection to voodoo in some way, including Jelly Roll Morton and Louis Armstrong.
Storyville, a district in New Orleans, was a place where, at night, Jazz was played and hoodoo was sold.
There, jazz thrived and pulsed with the voices and instruments of Jelly Roll, Sweet Emma Barrett, and many others.
Pooh is a small yellow bear.
He is nearly tall.
He wears an old red t-shirt.
His favorite food is honey.
The first thing he says when he gets up in the morning is What's for breakfast?.
He invented the game Poohsticks.
A NAND gate is a logic gate used to build digital logic circuits.
It is a combination of an AND and NOT gate.
The name refers to this.
Given two inputs, A and B, A NAND B will be true if at most one of A and B is true.
the distinctive shape symbol, the “military symbol, and the “rectangular symbol.
Since a NAND gate is a universal gate, microprocessors can be built using this type of gate only.
Gilli िगल्ली -danda डन्डा is a game played by children in South Asia.
It is usually played by using a small round stick, about as long as a baseball or cricket bat.
This is the danda.
There is another smaller stick, round in the middle and tapering towards the ends.
This is the gilli.
The game gilli-danda is similar to cricket.
It is also believed to be the origin of cricket.
This game is also know as Viti Dandu, Kitti Pul and by other variations as well.
It is a sport originated from the Indian subcontinent and is also played in the rural areas as well as in small towns over southern Asia, Cambodia, Turkey, South Africa, Italy, Poland and in some Caribbean Islands like Cuba.
Omaha can also be played as Omaha Hi Lo, where the best hand and the lowest hand splits the pot.
Neustadt have two on-ramps (North and South) of the highway A 65.
Ancient Australia (also called the Prehistory of Australia), is the time from when the first humans came to Australia to the arrival of the First Fleet in 1788.
The middle part of the walls has 12 large paintings called frescoes, done by famous artists in 1481.
The artists' names were Domenico Ghirlandaio, Sandro Botticelli, Perugino, Cosimo Rosselli, Pinturicchio, Benedetto Ghirlandaio, Luca Signorelli and Bartolomeo della Gatta.
Banquo is alone on stage at the start of Act III.
He realizes that Macbeth has become everything the witches said he would become.
He thinks that Macbeth did wrong to get the crown, but he does not want to say anything.
He hopes that his son will also be king, as the witches said.
Macbeth, Lady Macbeth, and the lords enter.
Macbeth asks Banquo if he is going riding that afternoon, and if Fleance is going with him.
Banquo says yes to both.
Two men come to see Macbeth, and he goes to meet them.
He is angry that he has risked everything to become king, but that Banquo's sons will be kings after him.
The men are actually murderers.
Scene (i) starts with the witches, who are standing in a circle around their cauldron, throwing things in, like the tongue of a dog.
Then suddenly Macbeth arrives and asks them to tell him some more prophecies.
As the first prophecy they tell him to be careful of Macduff, Thane of Fife.
As the second prophecy they say he can't be killed by anyone who was born of a woman and as the third prophecy the witches say if Birnam Wood stays at its current position Macbeth is okay but if the wood moves he will have problems.
Macbeth is happy because he thinks that all of these things are impossible.
He wants to know a fourth thing but suddenly the witches dance crazily and then run away.
Raphael was born in Urbino, in the region of Umbria, Italy.
He was the son of Giovanni Santi (d.
1494), who was also a painter, and Magia di Battista Ciarla (d.
1491).
Giovanni Santi was Raphael's first teacher, but he died when Raphael was only eleven.
As of September 2011, Wikipedia had about 18 million pages in about 300 languages and more than 3.50 billion words across all Wikipedias.
The regular English Wikipedia is the largest Wikipedia edition.
The name Billy Goat comes from a bar known as the Billy Goat Tavern, located on lower Wacker drive in downtown Chicago.
By the time the story of this curse started to get out, all the main characters were conveniently dead.
The next day, Edwin finds Rosa in a nun’s house which is a school.
At the same time, Jasper wants to learn about the graveyard, so he goes to find a man called Durdles, who knows a lot about the graveyard.
A person called Neville Landless has a twin sister called Helena.
They are both sent to a school in Cloisterham.
Helena goes to live with Rosa in the nuns’ house, and Neville is taught by a reverend named Crisparkle.
Peter Falconio (20 September 1972 - c.
14 July 2001) was an English tourist who went missing in Northern Territory, Australia in 2001.
Falconio was last seen near a place called Barrow Creek.
This is one of Australia's greatest murder mysteries.
Police say that he is dead.
A trial decided that Bradley John Murdoch murdered Falconio.
One of Howard's first initiatives was to unite the state governments of Australia to place restrictions on gun ownership in Australia.
This move came after the Port Arthur Massacre in Tasmania in 1996, where 35 people were killed and a further 23 injured at the hands of a gunman.
In 1998, Howard and his Treasurer, Peter Costello took a big tax reform (the GST) to the election and won.
Mark Brandon Chopper Read (November 17, 1954 – October 9, 2013) was an Australian mobster who was born in Melbourne, Victoria.
During his criminal career in the Melbourne mafia scene, he was convicted of many crimes, including armed robbery, assault, attempted murder, arson, impersonating a police officer and kidnapping.
Read retired from a life of crime and wrote a series of fiction books based on his life as a criminal.
Macpherson met Gilles Bensimon in 1984 on a photo-session for Elle magazine.
They were married in May 1986, and divorced in 1989.
Blackburn is a town in Lancashire, England.
The town has a population of about 105,000 people.
In 2010, he had the main role in a play on Broadway, in The Pee-wee Herman Show.
In 2016, Reubens co-wrote and had the main role in the Netflix original film Pee-wee's Big Holiday, in the role as Pee-wee Herman.
Duncan, Tom.
Advanced Physics for Hong Kong: Volume 1 Mechanics & Electricity.
John Murray Ltd, 1995.
Port Arthur was a natural prison.
It is on the Tasman Peninsula which is almost completely surrounded by the sea.
It is joined to the rest of Tasmania by a small narrow piece of land about 30 metres wide.
This is called Eaglehawk Neck.
The Neck had a fence, prison guards, and savage dogs to stop prisoners from leaving.
There was no contact between visiting seamen and prisoners.
Ships had to give the guards their sails and oars when they arrived to stop people leaving without permission.
A semaphore message system was also set up between Port Arthur and Hobart.
Messages could be sent in just 15 minutes.
Isaac Newton (1642–1727) is widely known as the father of dynamics, the study of motion.
He developed three laws that are the foundation of classical mechanics.
They are believed to be true because the results of experiments by scientists agree with his .
The SAS is thought of all over the world as one of the best, if not the best Special Operations organisations.
Lancashire is a ceremonial county in the North West of England.
Its two cities are Lancaster and Preston.
Before 1974, Liverpool and Manchester were part of the administrative county of Lancashire.
The county has developed a fierce rivalry with Yorkshire, the next county east.
This comes from rivalry in sport, such as in cricket, and comes from the War of the Roses.
Lancashire has market towns (like Chorley) and small villages (like Bretherton, Croston and Eccleston).
It is just south of an area of outstanding natural beauty called the Lake District.
Lancashire also has a lot of pleasant countryside such as White Coppice and the Rivington Moors.
A theme park or amusement park is a place with attractions made up of rides, such as roller coasters and water rides.
They usually contain a selection of different types of rides, along with shops, restaurants and other entertainment outlets.
Theme parks can be enjoyed by adults, teenagers and children.
CONMEBOL Libertadores or Copa Libertadores (Libertadores Cup) is a football competition between the best club teams in South America.
The teams are qualified based on how well they did in the national tournament.
The last year winner has assured participation.
The tournament is run by Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol (CONMEBOL).
The better qualified clubs in the Main Draw take advantage of playing the second game of each round of the playoffs at home.
Libertadores goes on with clubs playing home and away, round after round till the Finals.
The people of Paris attacked the Bastille on 14 July 1789, following several days of protests.
They wanted the gunpowder and weapons that were kept at the prison.
They were not attacking the Bastille to free the seven prisoners inside.
The prison was guarded by about 80 invalides (old soldiers) led by Governor Bernard-René de Launay.
There was also an extra group of 32 grenadiers from one of the Swiss mercenary regiments brought to Paris by the King shortly before 14 July.
Jerk is used in engineering, particularly in making roller coasters.
Weak objects such as people can be damaged by high acceleration or high jerk.
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn received often good reviews, but the novel was controversial from the beginning.
When the American edition came out in 1885 some libraries banned it.
It is played on a large (12 by 6 feet) table that is covered with a smooth green cloth called baize and has holes (called pockets) in each of the four corners and in the middle of each of the long side cushions.
The amount of nicotine in one cigarette varies greatly.
Factors which influence the amount include type of tobacco; brand of cigarette; and country or region (some markets restrict maximum average nicotine levels).
Different ways of smoking a cigarette influence how much nicotine gets into the smoker.
Some dispute psychometrics entirely.
Paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould argued that intelligence tests were based on faulty assumptions and showed their history of being used as the basis for scientific racism.
In his opinion, the general intelligence factor g (which these tests measure), is simply a mathematical artifact.
Event Horizon is a 1997 Anglo-American science fiction horror movie.
Wittenberg ( , ; Low Saxon: Wittenbarg; meaning White Mountain; officially Lutherstadt Wittenberg (traditional English: Luther City Wittenberg, Low Saxon: Lutherstadt Wittenbarg)) is a town in Germany.
It lies in the eastern part of Saxony-Anhalt.
Wittenberg became one of the most important German towns of political, cultural, historical, and artistic advances in the 16th century.
The famous reformation places in the old town, and the buildings developed in different epochs, make up the architecture of the town.
Electric Potential Difference is the true scientific term but is commonly called Voltage.
Informally, voltage or electric potential difference is sometimes called Potential Difference.
Voltage is also called, in certain circumstances, electromotive force (EMF).
or the change in Electric Potential Energy per coulomb between two places.
The University of Leeds (sometimes called Leeds University) is a university in Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK.
It first started in 1831 with the opening of a school to teach medicine which was one of the first outside of London, Oxford, and Cambridge.
The color strong force is the strong interaction between the three quarks that a proton or neutron is made of.
It is called the color strong force because, like the electromagnetic force, the strong force has charges.
The electromagnetic force has only one type of charge, which can be either positive or negative (magnetic charges are just slow-moving electric charges), but the strong force has three types.
These three types of charges are named after colors: red, green, and blue.
They also have anti-colors: anti-red, anti-green and anti-blue.
Like the electromagnetic force's positive and negative charges, different colors attract, and the same colors repel.
Some particles that have color charge are quarks and antiquarks.
The type of quark is not related to that quark's color charge at all.
Quarks are one of the smallest particles currently known.
They take up no space because they are points, and they are the only particles that we have not been able to break apart from other particles yet.
This is because the nature of the strong force between particles is that it becomes stronger the further away the particles are.
The force carrier of the strong force is called the gluon.
Gluons also have color charge.
Both quarks and gluons have properties that make them unique from other particles, as described in the Standard Model.
Quarks are grouped into three pairs.
Each pair is called a generation.
The first quark in each pair has charge 2/3, and the second quark has charge -1/3.
The three kinds of neutrino have a charge of 0.
The electron, muon, and tau have charge -1.
There are four basic known forces of nature.
Three of these forces affect fermions, and are carried by bosons traveling between those fermions.
The standard model explains these three forces.
When a coiled wire is introduced near a magnet, the magnetic lines of force pass through the coil.
This causes the magnetic flux to change.
Janus presided over the beginning and ending of conflict, and hence war and peace.
The doors of his temple were open in time of war, and closed to mark the peace.
As a god of transitions, he was remembered at births, and journeys: he was concerned with travelling, trading and shipping.
Flip-flops are mainly used as static RAM to store data in a computer.
That data is represented in binary.
Binary is represented in a 1 (“high state) and 0 (“low state).
The structure of flip flops vary, but the general characteristic is that two branches affect each other's state by putting the current resulting state of one branch and using that as input for the next iteration of the other branch.
Since the voltage rating can be low, it is important to check that the electrolytic capacitor is not overcharged.
Capacitors can be separated from a battery, then connected in series.
Because the capacitor is polarized, the positive terminal must be connected to a negative terminal.
This creates correct polarity through the electrical circuit and prevents breakdown.
These examples are actual examples of design patterns as they are in use.
They have not been simplified.
It is only the language used to describe them that has been made simpler.
Koalas are mostly active at night.
They live in trees and are rarely found on the ground.
Koalas have two unusual characteristics.
To show how serialism works we can take a very simple example.
Let us use just five notes from the white notes of a keyboard.
We can use the notes A, B, C, D and E.
We are going to make a “tune using all these five notes, but not repeating any until all five have been used (although we are allowed to repeat the note we have just had).
We can also change it by playing it upside down.
This means that instead of going up one step we go down one step, or instead of going up two steps we go down two steps etc.
If we start on the same note D we now get: D, E, G, G, G, G, F, C.
This is called inversion.
More recently, the meaning of the pentagram was discussed in The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown.
According to the book, the pentagram actually belonged to the ancient religion of Pagan Sun Worship, and was tied to the female planet Venus: every 8 years Venus traces a perfect pentagram across the sky.
The book says that the pentagram was a symbol for the sacred female, but was later taken by Christianity and said to mean the devil in order to destroy beliefs that females were sacred.
Benzene is carcinogenic, which means it can cause cancer.
It has many real-world uses.
It is used as an additive in gasoline, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes and it is an industrial solvent, which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules.
Benzene is also a natural part of crude oil and is therefore present in gasoline.
Many medicines contain parts made from benzene.
Fusion happens in the middle of stars, like the Sun.
Hydrogen atoms are fused together to make helium.
This releases lots of energy.
This energy powers the heat and light of the star.
A dam is a large wall or barrier that blocks or stops the flow of water, forming a reservoir or a lake.
Most dams have a section called a spillway or weir over which, or through which, water flows, either sometimes or always.
An aria is a long song accompanying a solo voice.
An aria is usually in an opera.
It is an Italian word of the 18th century meaning “air (i.e.
a tune).
In operas of the Baroque period most of the music was either “recitative or “aria.
Recitative (from a word meaning: “to recite i.e.
“to tell) was sung quickly, almost as if it were being spoken.
The singer was accompanied just by a few supporting chords, usually on a harpsichord.
The story was being told in the recitative.
Meanwhile, he wrote another opera: Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg (The Mastersinger of Nűrnberg).
It is the only comedy Wagner wrote.
The sword was obtained by the king with the advice of his wizard-adviser .
But it was considered that there existed two Excalibur swords.
The first was the one Merlin put into the stone and said that the throne will be taken by the one who will take the sword out of the stone.do it.
The second Excalibur was the one to which Merlin took the King.
The sword was located at a magical lake where the Lady of the Lake gave it to Arthur.
The Excalibur was made by an elf.
Later the sword was stolen by his sister and it was the time when the scabbard (sword coverage) was lost.
In the battle of Camlann, Arthur was hurt, and he told Bedwyr (Griflet) to return the Excalibur to the lake.
Tom Sawyer is 12 years old and lives with his Aunt Polly, his half-brother Sid and his cousin Mary in St.Petersburg, a small town along the Mississippi River.
As the story goes on, Tom falls in love with Becky Thatcher, the Judge’s daughter.
He convinces her to get “engaged to him but when she finds out that she is not the first girl he is engaged to, she breaks up with him.
As well as being an actor, he can sing, and play the guitar, bass, and drums.
He wrote and sang a song in Peter Jackson's .
John called people to turn to God and to prepare for the coming of the messiah (Jesus).
He baptized Jesus in the Jordan River.
John D.
Carmack II (born August 20 1970) is a well known video game creator.
He was one of the creators of id Software, a video game company, in 1991.
Carmack was the main programmer of the first-person shooter games Wolfenstein 3D, Doom, Quake, and their sequels.
On May 22 2009, the website said that the album would be called The Resistance.
It also said that one of the songs would be called United States of Eurasia.
Muse are an alternative rock band.
They are often called space rock and progressive rock bands.
Their music also mixes elements from different genres.
These genres are electronic music, hard rock, classical music and rock opera.
The band was described as a trashy three-piece by Matthew Bellamy on the BBC during 2002.
After ten half-lives, about 99.9% of the atoms have decayed into different atoms, so only 0.1% of the original atoms are left, and 99.9% of the radioactivity from the original kind of atom is gone.
Some atoms decay into other atoms that are also radioactive, so the remaining radioactivity depends on the type of atom.
According to the OED Forehead can be pronounced either 'forhed' or 'forrid'.
The orbit varies over long periods of time according to the Milankovitch cycles.
These cycles are one of the main causes of climate change.
When her husband Odysseus was on his long journey home, many people thought he was dead.
Because of this, many suitors came who wanted to marry Penelope, because then they would own her land and wealth, and become king of Ithaca.
The Yerevan Metro is a rapid transit system that serves the capital city.
Poland's situation was not good and the politicians argued a lot.
Many people, especially the soldiers, wanted Piłsudski back, so he told Wojciechowski to resign.
When Wojciechowski said no, Piłsudki took over with the help of the Army.
Parliament elected Ignacy Mościcki, Piłsudski's close friend to be the new president.
.
Together, they changed the Polish constitution and made other changes which made Poland stronger in the 1920s and 30s.
Today, Piłsudski is remembered as a heroe.
He has many statues and streets named after him.
Some people call the time between 20 April 1792 and 20 November 1815 the Great French War.
UNESCO wants everyone in the world to work to protect each site.
Sometimes UNESCO provides funds to help protect a site.
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant have destroyed some sites.
Mošovce has existed for 770 years.
In this time people built many old and beautiful buildings.
King Andrew II wrote about the village for the first time in 1233.
At first, Mošovce had two parts: The first one, Machyuch, was in the area of today’s Starý Rad Street.
The village took its today's name from the second part, Terra Moys, which was in the place of the present day Vidrmoch Street.
Because of the name of the second part, which means The Land of Mojš, we believe that all the village was the property of a certain Mr.
Mojš.
His name could be a short form of a longer Slavic name Mojtech, similar to the names Vojtech or Mojmír.
In the history the name of the village changed from Mossovych, Mosocz, Mossowecz, villa regia Mayos alio nomine Mossovych, oppidioum Mayus sue Mosocz, Mosocz olim Mayus to the present-day Mošovce.
Dorset is a county in south England which is by the sea.
The biggest towns in it are Bournemouth and Poole.
There are other smaller towns, some by the sea, like Weymouth, Swanage, West Bay, the Isle of Portland, Dorchester, Wareham, Lyme Regis, Blandford and Wool.
Dorset is next to Devon, Somerset, Wiltshire and Hampshire.
There is a lot of countryside in Dorset, so there are quite a few farmers.
Other people work in offices, shops or the holiday business.
There are not many factories or industry in Dorset.
People come on holiday to Dorset because the countryside and sea is peaceful and pretty, and there are not many big towns and no cities at all.
Bournemouth, Poole, Weymouth, Swanage and Lyme Regis are quite famous seaside towns, where most holidaymakers go when they come to Dorset.
Ram is known as the son of Lord Surya and Seventh Avatar of Vishnu in Hinduism.
However, in Valmiki Ramayana, he was the son of Lord Sun (also surya).
When king Dashrath conducted the sacrifice, lord sun presented his portion Rama.
Rama's character purely resembles Karna(the chief protagonist of the Mahabharata).
Both were the protagonists of the two greatest epics.
Both were the eldest brother but however Yudhisthira and Bharat were crowned the king.
Both had to be deceived by their mother-Kunti and Kaikeyi.
Both were the most handsome good-looking person of their respective eras.
Both learnt weaponry through the greatest teacher of all time- Parshurama and Vishwamitra.
Despite being a part of royal family, they had to suffer their entire life.
Both possessed not more than 1 wife.
Both possessed the bow of Shiva.
Parshurama too had a place in the epic of Mahabharata and Ramayana because of the protagonist of the epics- Lord Rama and Karna.
In the winter and spring of 1893, while in New York, Dvořák wrote his most popular work, the Symphony No.9, From the New World.
He spent the summer of 1893 with his family in the Czech-speaking community of Spillville, Iowa, where some of his cousins lived.
He also composed chamber music there, including a String Quartet in F which is known as the “American, and a Sonatina for Violin and Piano.
Janáček grew up in the middle of the Romantic period, but most of his best music was written in 1920s, by which time musical styles had changed.
Although he never wrote music which sounded as modern as that of Stravinsky or Schoenberg his music is Romantic, combined with Moravian folksong and sometimes with ideas from French impressionist composers such as Debussy.
The music he wrote for choirs often continued in his operas.
His music for instruments often started as programmatic, although a lot of it can be enjoyed without knowing the story it tells.
He learned to write operas by learning from the operas of Smetana, but he made many changes such as shortening the duets and ensembles and using folksong in his melodies.
In Japan, there are unique local Ramen in various areas where local tastes are enjoyed.
It is called gotouchi ramen in Japan.
For example, Hakata ramen is known for its pork ramen soup.
The noodles are very thin and do not need to be boiled for very long to become soft.
Sapporo ramen is known for its miso ramen soup.
Phoebe is a Titan in Greek mythology.
She was associated with the moon.
She is the daughter of Uranos and Gaia.
She was married to her brother Coeus, and had two daughters: Leto and Asteria.
Leto bore Artemis and Apollo, Asteria is the mother of Hecate.
Rhea and Aphrodite saved Creusa (the wife of Aphrodite's son Aeneas) from slavery after the fall of Troy.
Rhea knew that the bodies of ships had been made from trees cut off on her holy mountains.
So she the wood become sea nymphs.
The Westboro Baptist Church (WBC) is an American unaffiliated Baptist church known for its extreme opinions and protests, especially those against gay people.
The church is widely described as a hate group.
It was originally headed by Fred Phelps and consists mostly of members of his large family.
In 2011, the church claimed it had about 40 members.
The church is in a residential neighborhood on the west side of Topeka about three miles (5 km) west of the Kansas State Capitol.
Its first public service was held on November 27, 1955.
The church has been involved in actions against gay people since at least 1991.
This is when it sought a crackdown on homosexual activity at Gage Park six blocks northwest of the church.
In addition to conducting anti-gay protests at military funerals, the organization pickets other celebrity funerals and public events that are likely to get it media attention.
Protests have also been held against Jews and some protests have included WBC members stomping on the American flag.
Sarajevo is the capital city of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It has an estimated population of 436,000 people in the urban area including some municipalities from City of East Sarajevo which is the part of Republika Srpska entity.
The city has people living in it from many different cultures.
It has mosques, synagogues, and churches.
The 1984 Winter Olympics were held in Sarajevo.
The city is majority Muslim adhering to the Sunni branch of Islam.
Semele is a person in Greek mythology.
She is the daughter of Cadmus and Harmonia.
She has a child called Dionysus.
Her child grows up and becomes a god.
Semele was a priestess of Zeus.
On one day, Zeus saw her as she killed a bull at his altar.
She swam in the river Asopus to wash the blood off her body.
Zues turned himself into an eagle and flew over the place where she was bathing.
Zeus saw Semele and fell in love with her.
He visited her many times, in secret.
Tirunelveli is famous for a sweet that is generally referred to as 'Alwa' in Tamil.
There are tiny villages in and around Tirunelveli like Alwarkurichi, Kalidaikurichi, Rangasamudram, Cheran Mahadevi.
It is because of poetry that Kabir is held in high esteem all over the world.
Another beauty of Kabir's poetry is that he picks up situations that surround our daily lives.
Thus even today, his poetry is relevant and helpful in both social and spiritual context.
Following him means understanding one's inner self, realizing oneself, accepting oneself as is, and becoming harmonious with one's surroundings.
Patañjali (fl.
150 BC or 2nd century BC) lived in the 2nd century.
He was an Indian.
He wrote the first grammar of Sanskrit language.
He also wrote books about yoga.
The Ganges flows only 200 km through the Himalayas.
The river touches plain land in the Rishikesh region near Haridwar in Uttarakhand.
Then it passes through the towns of Kanpur, Soron, Kannauj, Allahabad, Varanasi, Patna, Ghazipur, Bhagalpur, Mirzapur, Ballia, Buxar, Saidpur, and Chunar.
At Allahabad, the river joins with Yamuna river.
At Pakur, the river divides itself into two distributaries, viz.- the Bhāgirathi-Hooghly and the main stream.
Bhāgirathi-Hooghly in the later course forms the Hooghly River.
The main stream Ganges enters Bangladesh.
Hindus regard the Ganges as not only a river but also a mother, a goddess, a tradition, a culture, and much more.
In Hinduism it is considered holy to take a pilgrimage to the Ganges and take a dip.
Many Hindus believe that bathing in the Ganga can purify a person's soul of all past sins, and some believe that it can also cure illnesses.
So, many Hindu families keep Ganga water in their homes as they consider it to be very pure.
The holy towns like Haridwar, Prayagraj, Kanpur, and Varanasi attract thousands of pilgrims.
Thousands of Hindu pilgrims arrive at these towns to bathe in the Ganges.
In Hinduism people's ashes are consecrated into the Ganges as it is a sacred river.
Along the banks of the river, the swamps and lakes provide a good growing area for crops such as legumes, chillies, mustard, sesame, sugarcane, and jute.
Fishing is also done in the Ganga waters.
To take an MRI image, the patient lies on a movable bed.
The bed enters a strong magnetic field and then radio waves are applied for a short time in a different direction.
This sudden shift causes certain atoms in the patient's body to make special signals.
The MRI scanner detects those special signals.
The Mahābhārata is the longest epic poem known.
It has been said to be the longest poem ever written.
Its longest version has over 100,000 śloka or over 200,000 individual verse lines.
It also has and long sections of prose.
The Mahābhārata has about 1.8 million words in total.
It is about ten times the length of the Iliad and the Odyssey combined, It is about four times the length of the Rāmāyaṇa.
The importance of the Mahābhārata to world civilization has been compared to that of the Bible, the Quran, the works of Homer, Greek drama, or the works of William Shakespeare.
It is sometimes called the fifth Veda.
To raise that money, the King had no choice but to call another Parliament.
This became known as the Long Parliament.
Over two-thirds of the elected members of the Long Parliament were opposed to the king.
While the opponents had no proper leader, John Pym was their most important member.
The Long Parliament passed laws to stop the king from shutting it down and removed many of the king's allies.
They even had his friend Earl of Strafford executed.
King Charles made a deal with the Irish rebels to stop the fighting in Ireland, freeing up soldiers that could fight for him.
Parliament made a deal with the Scottish Covenantors, who would help them.
Parliament were also helped by a talented army leader called Oliver Cromwell.
He led a cavalry (horse riders) unit called the Ironsides.
The Ironsides were better organised than most cavalry units, which made them far better at fighting.
Although often misunderstood as two separate languages, Urdu and Hindi are two registers of the same Hindustani language, often called Hindi-Urdu.
Urdu is the official language of Pakistan and spoken by 71 million people in India.
Urdu's vocabulary borrows primarily from Chagatai, Sanskrit, Persian and Arabic.
Ṣalāt (, ) also known as ' () and also spelled ', is the practice of prayer in Islam.
It is one of the five most important duties for Muslims.
To perform Salat, a person's mind must be ritually pure, which comes from ritual ablution, wuḍūʾ, or the washing and cleansing of his or her body.
The salat is observed three or (most commonly) five times every day at prescribed times.
Fasting in Islam or Sawm () is the practice of abstaining, usually from food, drink, smoking, and sexual activity.
Fourth of the Five Pillars of Islam, Sawm is observed between dawn and nightfall during the holy month of Ramadan.
Some exceptions or accommodations for Sawm are made in the case of pregnancy, illness, travel, and for young children.
With a population of 92,209, Avignon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Halo 2 was first released in North America and Australia on November 9, 2004.
It was launched in Europe a day later on November 10.
Demand was high for the game and over 1.5 million copies were sold on pre-orders alone.
It was the highest earning entertainment product launch of all time in the US, earning $125 million in its first 24 hours.
It held this record until the release of its sequel Halo 3.
Halo 2 has sold over 8 million copies in the US making it the best selling original Xbox game of all time.
The game was reviewed as excellent by most of the media.
The sound work such as the dialogue and soundtrack was often praised.
Each ecosystem has its own community.
An aquarium community, for example, can have small fish and other organisms.
A desert community may have cacti, small snakes, and scorpions.
A pond community can have frogs, insects, snakes, and plants, and a forest community may have rabbits, foxes and pine trees.
The species in a community are divided into populations according to the particular habitats and ecological niches in the ecosystem.
The House of Stewart, or Stuart, is a royal house of Scotland and England.
When the above definition is applied, many organisms which eat plants can be seen as parasites, because they feed largely or wholly on one individual plant.
Examples would include many herbivorous insects: the Hemiptera or true bugs (leafhoppers, froghoppers, aphids, scale insects and whiteflies).
The larvae of Lepidoptera usually feed and mature on a single individual of the host plant species, and what they eat accounts for most of the food for their complete life span.
Moreover, caterpillars can and often do serious damage to the host's foliage.
Other orders also have many parasitic herbivores: Thysanoptera (thrips), Coleoptera (beetles), Diptera (flies).
There is also a video game The Moment of Silence, and a poem Moment of Silence.
The name of this dynasty is sometimes written as Jinn to differentiate it from an earlier Jin dynasty (265-420) of China whose name is spelled identically in the Roman alphabet.
A string quartet is a piece of music for four string instruments.
These are the proteinogenic amino acids, which are the building blocks for proteins.
They are produced by cellular machinery coded for in the genetic code of any organism.
† The stop codon is not an amino acid, but is included for completeness.
†† UAG and UGA do not always act as stop codons (see above).
Saka kings ruled India along aside the Kushan kings and the Satvahana kings.
Kushan kings ruled the northern parts of India.
Satvahana kings ruled the central and some of the southern parts of India.
By the first half of the fifth century, a group of people known as Huns had settled in Afghanistan.
They became powerful.
They made Bamiyan their capital city.
They started attacking northwestern parts of India.
Skandagupta, an emperor of the Gupta dynasty fought back and kept them away for some years.
At last the Huns won and could enter most parts of northern India.
With this the Gupta dynasty came to an end.
Most of north India became badly affected by this invasion.
However, Huns could not go up to the Deccan Plateau and the southern parts of India.
These parts remained peaceful.
No one knows definitely about the fate of Huns after the end of the sixth century.
Some historians believe that they mixed up fully with the Indian people of that time.
After the collapse of the Gupta Empire, it was Harsha of Kanauj (a place now in Uttar Pradesh) who united the northern parts of India in one kingdom.
After his death several dynasties tried to control north India and ruled from 7th century till the 9th century as described below.
Some of these dynasties were the Pratiharas of Malwa and later Kannauj; the Palas of Bengal, and the Rashtrakutas of the Deccan.
They are four circumcision styles: Low and Loose, Low and Tight, High and Loose and High and Tight.
The extreme High and Tight Style is done in USA, while the lower styles are common in Europe.
Many Islamic scholars say that is an important ritual and a symbolic step of purification along the lines of Abrahamic tradition.
Most Shafi Islamic Jurists (judges) say that circumcision is required for men.
It is an accepted tradition in almost all Islamic sects and among most Islamic scholars and theologians.
Circumcision is also important within Islam because Islam claims to be the 'truth' and the 'continuation' of the old and true message of Ibrahim/Abraham.
According to Islam, God's covenant with Abraham was passed on to Muhammad, whose mission was to continue the covenant.
The covenant is continued, according to Islam, through several steps, including male circumcision.
The Quran discusses this covenant in detail in several places, including sura 14 (Ibrahim – Abraham).
An Uncut Man is not allowed to made his Hajj to Mecca.
The whalers found out the paths whales liked to take in the ocean, and killed them mercilessly.
It was a dangerous and frightening job.
Whalers would jump into a small boat and follow the whale.
Once they were close to it, they would throw a harpoon that was attached to a very long rope into the whale.
The end of this harpoon was not at all like a spear.
It had a switch blade on the end that would stay in the whale's skin.
Once the harpoon was in the whale, the whale would start swimming as fast as it could.
The whale might swim day and night with no stop for several days.
Eventually, the tired and hurt whale would stop.
The whalers would then kill the whale with one last harpoon.
When the animal died, the whalers would haul the whale onto the ship (big or small), skin it, then boil the blubber for the oil.
Soon, boats began getting bigger.
Whalers began using a harpoon like before, but the harpoon has a grenade inside.
This was very cruel way of killing whales as it hurt them a lot.
The whale would then have blood coming out of its blowhole.
This meant the whale would die soon.
A transposing instrument is a musical instrument that does not play the notes you might think it will play.
But all the notes differ from the real notes by the same musical interval.
So a song played on the transposing instrument will sound familiar, but played in a different key.
That is because the transposing instrument is tuned above or below what the usual notes would be, and always above or below by the same number of notes on a scale.
The usual notes are called concert pitch.
Most non-transposing instruments, like pianos, are tuned to play in the key of C.
The Horae were three goddesses in Greek mythology.
The first Horae were goddesses of the seasons.
The second Horae were goddesses of order, justice and law.
He is blessed by Vayu as the god of winds.
Hanuman’s image shows him as a strong man with the face of a monkey.
He also has a tail it represents the morality, higher pride of being self.
The modern Badrinath temple was established by Adi Shankaracharya in the ninth century after the old temple fell to ruin.
The Badrinath area is referred to as Badarikaashram (बदरिकाश्रम) in Hindu scriptures.
There are many temples in the city.
It was founded in the area of Nejd, the central part of the Arabian Peninsula.
The Sa'udi emirate's leadership is a traditional form of rule on Arabia since the 18th century.
Over the next century and a half the family went through a lot of opposition and hurdles.
The family faced opposition from powerful families of Arabia but also rulers of Egypt and the Ottoman Empire.
A linga or a lingam is a very complex Phallus symbol of Hinduism.
It is associated with Shiva, supreme god in main gods of the Hindus.
The Hindu scriptures say that a linga represents energy and strength.
In almost all the temples of Shiva, Shiva is shown in the form of a Circumcised linga.
Beside above places, in almost all the towns and villages of India, Shiva’s temples are found.
In all such temples, lingas are worshipped.
Then the defending contestant would take the remaining question.
Then the process was the same as above, except red circles lit up.
When breathing in, the diaphragm pulls down so that the size of the lungs increases, allowing air to enter the lungs.
When breathing out, the diaphragm rests and goes up making a dome shape, decreasing the size of the lungs and pushing air out.
Also in the eighteenth century, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek discovered the first microscopic organisms with a microscope.
He was the first microbiologist.
He saw some of the microscopic organisms that cause diseases, but he didn't know what they were.
In 1700, Nicolas Andry thought that some of these microscopic organisms caused smallpox and other diseases.
Over 100 years later, Agostino Bassi figured out what caused disease in silkworms.
Ignaz Semmelweis was a doctor who figured out that if doctors washed their hands after touching dead people, that other patients wouldn't get sick.
That was in 1847.
It was about this time that sanitation and hand washing became popular with some, but not all doctors.
Doctors began to use chemicals to cleanse wounds and clean their tools between each patient.
Holly is a type of bush with recognisable leaves.
The leaves have sharp edges, and are often used to decorate a house on Christmas Day.
Some types of holly are used to make tea.
The leaves of the Holly don't fall of in the winter because they're very thick and have a waxy layer on them.
29 teams are in the United States.
The Toronto Raptors are in Canada.
David Stern wants the league to expand to Europe.
Some teams have played games in the United Kingdom.
Sejanus's position was not that of successor.
The presence of Livia (the third wife and advisor of Augustus) seems to have checked his power for a time.
Her death in AD 29 changed all that.
Sejanus began a series of purge trials of Senators in Rome.
Germanicus's widow Agrippina the Elder and two of her sons were arrested and exiled in AD 30 and later all died in suspicious circumstances.
He was born in Waukegan, Illinois to a Swedish mother.
He graduated from a high school in Los Angeles, California.
Many of his works are based on real life, such as Dandelion Wine, a book about growing up in small-town Illinois.
His other work includes movies, and screenplays.
He won many awards.
He died in his Los Angeles home.
Cetology is the branch of marine mammal science which studies approximately eighty species of whales, dolphins, and porpoise in the scientific order Cetacea.
The term was created in the mid-19th century from the Greek cetus (whale) and -ology (study).
The biggest snail is the giant African snail.
Their foot is up to 35 cm long.
The fastest snail is the Helix aspersa.
It can reach speeds up to 0.047 kmh.
Egeus wants his daughter Hermia to marry Demetrius.
Hermia does not want to marry him.
She loves another man named Lysander.
Hermia and Lysander decide to run away.
Demetrius follows them.
Helena, Hermia's best friend, is in love with Demetrius.
She follows him.
All four become lost in the woods near Athens.
The symptoms of leprosy are irregular spots and patches on the skin.
These are either lighter colored than the surrounding skin, or reddish in color.
On those patches, hair will fall out, and they will feel numb to the patient.
Nerves will form knots there.
Panthera is a genus of the family Felidae.
She married Abraham Lincoln on November 4, 1842.
The main international competition is the UEFA European Football Championship.
This competition started in 1958, with the first finals in 1960.
It is held every four years.
The last was 2016 in France.
The title was won by Portugal for their first time ever.
There were also European competitions at the Under-21, Under-19 and Under-17 levels.
For women there was the UEFA Women's Championship.
In mammals, a monophyletic group, there were a number of different lines living at the same time through the Upper Triassic to the Upper Cretaceous.
Each of these lines had a mixture of basal and derived features until, at last, the placental mammals developed the whole suite of derived characters.
This gave them a great advantage over the other groups wherever open competition occurred.
However, because of their long seclusion in southern continents, some of the monotremes and marsupials have survived.
Sergipe's land is mostly caatinga.
A strip of rainforest runs down the Atlantic coast.
There are also swamps near the coast.
Her parents were Juliana McLachlan and David Gardiner.
Her parents belonged to a famous and wealthy family of New York.
From her childhood, Juliana got training to move in high society.
When she was just a girl of 15 in 1835, she went to tour Europe with her family.
There she saw a social life of much glamour.
In late 1842, she along with her parents went to Washington DC.
In Washington DC, she attracted the attention of several men.
One of them was President Tyler, a widower since September 10 1842.
In 1843, Julia, her sister, and their father joined the President Tyler on a tour on a steam naval ship.
During the tour a huge naval gun exploded, killing her father.
The President Tyler comforted her.
He also got her consent for a secret engagement.
Marriage took place on 26th June 1844.
When the news was announced, it attracted interest and publicity.
Some people also criticized it as the President Tyler was 30 years older than Julia.
Her role as the First Lady was very decent and charming for the guests.
After her husband’s term ended as the president, they retired to their home at Sherwood Forest Plantation in Virginia.
The President got seven more children from her.
He was already having eight children with his first wife.
There her husband died on 18th January 1862.
In the meanwhile, the American Civil War had broken out.
She had to move to New York as a refugee.
She also faced monetary problems.
Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper was born in New York City.
Her father’s name was Thomas Apthorpe Cooper.
Cooper was a successful stage actor and producer.
Priscilla Cooper’s mother was Mary Fairlee Cooper.
At the age of 17 Elizabeth Priscilla Cooper started to work as an actress.
Her father became very successful, and the family lived in a big house on Broadway theatre.
But, in the Panic of 1837, the family suffered great losses.
Sometimes, they only had radishes and strawberries to eat.
The movie is set in Alabama.
It tells the story of a man with an IQ of 75 and his epic journey through life.
It tells about him meeting historical people, affecting popular culture and being a part of historic events.
While all this happened, Forrest does not know the importance of the events were because of his naiveté and much lower than average intelligence.
There are many differences between the story in the movie and the story in the novel.
Since it is a roleplaying game, the player can choose which class he wants to be.
He can choose between soldier, scout, and scoundrel.
The choice affects the statistics of the character (strength, agility, etc)..
Also, the player can choose their character's gender and face.
The main character (the player) is entirely customizable.
Face, gender and class can be chosen from a series of menus.
One later discovers that they are Darth Reven, but still go by the original own name.
Hypnosis is a trance state characterized by extreme suggestibility, relaxation and heightened imagination.
The M6 is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom.
It is also one of the busiest motorways in the country.
It is often referred to as The Backbone of Britain.
The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces.
Steam engines were used in factories to work machines and in mines to move pumps.
Later smaller engines were built that could move railway locomotives and steam boats.
Here is an example of an if statement in the Perl programming language.
What it does is it checks to see if the name variable is Bill.
If the name variable is Bill, then it will print out the words Hi Bill!.
Sometimes, a programmer might want to have the if statement do something else if the first part of it is not true.
This is known as an else block.
Here is an example of an else block in the Perl programming language.
And sometimes, the programmer might want to have multiple things for the if statement to do.
For example, they may have the if block run if something is true, but will have parts of the if statement known as else if blocks that will run if the first part doesn't work, but if it works somewhere else.
In the Perl programming language, else if is spelled like this, elsif.
Other languages might have it spelled like else if however.
But for Perl, it is spelled like elsif.
Else If blocks will only run if their condition is true, just like the first if block.
An if statement can have as many else if statements as the programmer needs.
If the if block, and none of the else if blocks are true, then the plain else statement will be used by the program.
Here is an example of that in the Perl programming language.
In Perl, the # symbol is used for comments, instead of forward slashes // like in the C (programming language).
The Maluku Islands (also called the Moluccas, Moluccan Islands or simply Maluku) are an archipelago in Indonesia.
They are part of the larger Malay Archipelago.
They are on the Australian Plate, lying east of Sulawesi (Celebes), west of New Guinea, and north of Timor.
The islands were also called the Spice Islands by the Chinese and Europeans.
Other islands have also been called the Spice Islands.
The story follows characters Ben (Duane Jones), Barbra (Judith O'Dea) and five others trapped in a farmhouse in Pennsylvania which is attacked by living dead monsters.
These monsters became known in popular culture as zombies.
Night of the Living Dead was the basis of five Living Dead movies (1978–2010).
They were also directed by Romero.
Many remakes have also been made.
On a summer night, seven people get trapped in a farmhouse in rural Pennsylvania, which is under assault by reanimated corpses.
They were founded in 1899.
The team colours are red, black and white.
They play at Deutsche Bank Park (former Waldstadion).
The current captain of the side is midfielder Sebastian Rode from Germany.
Malé (Dhivehi: މާލެ) is the capital city of the Maldives.
It has a population of 133,412 (2014).
The city is on Malé Island in the Kaafu Atoll.
Although Malé is in Kaafu Atoll, administratively it is not considered part of it.
There is a commercial harbor in the Island.
It is the center of all commercial activities in the country.
Many government buildings and agencies are on the waterfront.
Malé International Airport is close to Hulhule Island which includes a seaplane base for internal transportation.
Islamabad (, abode of Islam) is the Federal capital city of Pakistan.
The city is on the Pothohar Plateau in the northwest of the country.
Islamabad Town is also a town in Jammu and Kashmir.
It is in the Islamabad Capital Territory, though the area has historically been a part of the crossroads of the Punjab region and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province (the Margalla Pass being a historic gateway to the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and the Pothohar Plateau historically is a part of the Punjab region).
Any person whether at home full time or working outside the home who maintains the upkeep of his or her residence, cares for their family, perform daily chores, to create a peaceful, cozy and warm homey environment.
San Antonio has a semi-arid climate with characteristics of a humid subtropical climate.
The Alamo is located here.
One of three SeaWorlds is located here, the other two being in Orlando and San Diego.
Odesa's growth was interrupted by the Crimean War of 1853–1856, during which it was bombarded by British and French naval forces.
It soon recovered and the growth in trade made Odesa Russia's largest grain-exporting port.
In 1866 the city was linked by rail with Kiev and Kharkiv as well as Iaşi, Romania.
Under the Axis occupation, approximately 60,000 Odesans (mostly Jews) were either massacred or deported.
Many parts of Odesa were damaged during its fall and later recapture in April 1944, when the city was finally liberated by the Soviet Army.
It was one of the first four Soviet cities to be awarded the title of Hero City in 1945.
Chemnitz is north of the Ore Mountains in the western part of the Bundesland Saxony.
It is the 3rd biggest city in Saxony with about 245.000 inhabitants.
The area is about 220 km.
There is a river that is also called Chemnitz.
São Paulo Futebol Clube, usually called São Paulo FC or just São Paulo, is a very traditional Brazilian football team from São Paulo.
The team was founded on January 25, 1930, and re-founded on December 16, 1935.
It is often called Tricolor (meaning with three colours) by its supporters.
The prime footballer in the team is Miranda.
It is the most successful club of Brazilian football.
During the First World War, Indians gave support to the United Kingdom.
About 1.3 million Indian soldiers went to many parts of Europe, Africa, and the Middle East to fight.
Many Indians, including the princes and rich people of India, contributed money and materials to the war funds of the United Kingdom.
However, many Indian soldiers died in foreign lands.
In India, flu called Spanish flu spread like an epidemic killing many people.
The tax rates increased in India, and prices also increased.
The Indians became restless.
It is the role of the state to make sure these three things are there.
According to this idea, man himself is responsible for designing what the world should look like.
The welfare of many people (which form the nation) is more important than the fate of the individual.
The spoken language of Vietnam changes in each province.
Even in different cities in the same province, and even different neighborhoods in the same city, Vietnamese dialects can be very different from each other.
Usually, the greater the distance between provinces, the stronger the difference.
There are many dialects in Vietnamese, including Hanoian, Saigonese, Danang, Hue, and Nghe An.
Some dialects are close enough to each other that speakers of said dialects can understand each other without many problems.
However, other dialects are so different that even native speakers of Vietnamese have problems understanding, such as the Hue and Nghe An dialects.
The national education for all of Vietnam now uses the Hanoian dialect, but each ethnic tribe may still use a different dialect, language, or vocabulary.
The first rule for vietnamization is that Vietnamese word or syllables are not normally broken by a consonant: (Việt Nam).
Few countries have such a person in their history.
He was a successful military commander, later established a unitary republic based on a constitution and put in place changes that set Turkey on the road to becoming a new and developing nation.
He inspired many later leaders like Amānullāh Khān, Reza Shah Pahlavi, Adolf Hitler, Habib Bourguiba, Gamal Abdel Nasser, Sukarno, and John F.
Kennedy.
Pressure means how much force something is pushing on something else with.
Curitiba does not have a subway system, but it has a large bus network system.
In 1974, it opened the second bus rapid transit system in the world.
This system has large passenger terminals connected by roads used only by the buses Vermelhos (Red Buses), the Expressos (Express Buses), Articulados (Articulated buses), and Biarticulados (Biarticulated buses).
The biarticulated bus makes long trips, stopping only on the tube-station stops to pick up or drop off people.
Each biarticulated bus can carry 270 people - and complemented with the modern and speedy silver Ligeirinho (literally, speedy), has fewer stops.
As a result, the distances are shorter when compared to the Linha Direta (Direct Line).
The buses stop very frequently.
Some stop every two minutes.
Batman Returns was the second Batman movie directed by Tim Burton.
It was released on June 19, 1992 worldwide to audience and financial success.
The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) is the confederation of countries that used to form the Soviet Union.
On December 8, 1991, leaders of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine met at the nature reserve called Belovezhskaya Pushcha in Belarus.
They discussed the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) in place of the Soviet Union.
They reached an agreement about many points and signed a document creating the CIS.
One of these points stated that the alliance would be open to all the republics of the Soviet Union.
Other nations with similar goals could also join the CIS.
With the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Soviet Union ceased to exist.
It was the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Many consider that with CIS, Russia continues to have some control over the former republics of the Soviet Union.
An electric motor is all about magnets and magnetism: A motor uses magnets to create motion.
If you have ever played with magnets you know about the fundamental law of all magnets: Opposites attract and likes repel.
So if you have two bar magnets with their ends marked north and south, then the north end of one magnet will attract the south end of the other.
On the other hand, the north end of one magnet will repel the north end of the other (and similarly, south will repel south).
Inside an electric motor, these attracting and repelling forces create rotational motion.
In 2007 Alonso joined Team Vodafone McLaren-Mercedes and entered a four-way battle for the World Championship with his team-mate, the rookie Lewis Hamilton, and Ferrari drivers Kimi Räikkönen and Felipe Massa.
Halfway through the season, with wins in Sepang and Monaco, Alonso trails his rookie team-mate by 14 points.
The second half of the season should prove interesting.
In late 1999, Jimmy Wales began thinking about an online encyclopedia built by volunteers.
In January 2000, he hired Larry Sanger to manage it.
The project went online on March 9, 2000.
The dogs do not bite (meaning: dogs that you are thinking about).
Tbilisi is the capital, and the largest city in Georgia.
It was founded in the 5th century by the Georgian king, Vakhtang Gorgasali.
According to legend, when he was hunting, he killed a pheasant which dropped into hot water.
Gorgasali discovered there were a lot of hot springs in this place, which he called Tbilisi as tbili means hot in Georgian.
People have been interested in building machines that do work for us for a long time.
But it takes time and money to build just one machine, so early ideas were not built.
Leonardo da Vinci designed a man-shaped machine to look like a knight in 1464.
It would be controlled with ropes and wheels.
IEEE 1394 is the name for a set of standards.
The standards specify a serial bus which can be used to transfer information.
Other names for the standards include Firewire, i.Link and Lynx.
The standard is often used to connect a computer to an external device, like a hard drive or digital camcorder.
It also has uses to transfer data in cars and airplanes.
FireWire is popular in industrial systems for machine vision and professional audio systems.
It is preferred over the more common USB because of its greater effective speed and power distribution capabilities, and because it does not need a computer host.
Perhaps more importantly, FireWire makes full use of all SCSI (older connecting possibility) capabilities.
Compared to USB 2.0, it usually has higher data transfer rates.
This feature is important for audio and video editors.
Also many computers intended for home or professional audio/video use have built-in FireWire ports, including all Apple Inc.
and Sony laptop computers and most Dell and Hewlett-Packard models currently produced.
It is available to general public on retail motherboards for do-it-yourself PCs, alongside USB.
FireWire is produced in wireless, optical fiber, and coaxial cable versions.
FireWire is Apple Inc.'s name for the IEEE 1394 High Speed Serial Bus.
Apple intended FireWire to be a serial replacement for the parallel SCSI (Small Computer System Interface) bus while also providing connectivity for digital audio and video equipment.
Apple's development of the original IEEE 1394 was completed in 1995.It was followed by several modifications: The IEEE Std.
1394a-2000, the IEEE Std.
1394b-2002, and the IEEE Std.
1394c-2006 amendment.
The aim of current work is to incorporate all four of these documents into new revision of the 1394 standard.
FireWire 400 can transfer data between devices at 100, 200, or 400 Mbit/s data rates.
The 6-pin connector is commonly found on desktop computers, and can supply the connected device with power.
Democratic Kampuchea was the official name of Cambodia/Kampuchea from 1976 to January 1979, during the Khmer Rouge Years, though the international community recognized it for ten more years.
Its leader was Pol Pot, and its national anthem (song) was Dap Prampi Mesa Chokchey.
It was succeeded by the People's Republic of Kampuchea upon the Vietnamese invasion in 1979.
While Democratic Kampuchea existed, about 20% of its population died either because of starvation, brutality, or execution.
The four-year period saw the deaths of approximately two million Cambodians through the combined result of political executions, starvation, and forced labour.
Due to the large numbers, the deaths during the rule of the Khmer Rouge are often considered a genocide, and commonly known as the Cambodian Holocaust or Cambodian Genocide.
Busan (formerly written as Pusan) is the largest port city and second-largest city in South Korea.
It lies on the southeast tip of the Korean Peninsula.
It is important for transport and shipping.
It is best known for Busan Port and Haeundae Beach.
The port takes many ships and accommodate trades among other countries.
In 2012, according to the census, the population was about 3,439,000.
In the Goryeo Dynasty ruled southern part of Korea, Busan was controlled by the system of Sillla.
The flower of the rose plant can be different sizes.
It may be as small as 1/2 inch across to a diameter of almost 7 inches.
The city was founded in 1553, one of the first cities in Brazil.
The Protestant majority in England did not like King James, and he was overthrown in the Glorious Revolution of 1688.
William landed in England (at Brixham) with a Dutch army.
A person can lower their chances of getting coronary artery disease by eating healthy foods, exercising, not smoking cigarettes, and not drinking too much alcohol.
Sir Edward William Elgar, 1st Baronet (2 June 1857 – 23 February 1934) was the most famous English composer of his time.
He composed in the late romantic era.
Worcester was a small town but the music there was good.
The Three Choirs Festival took place there every third year.
In 1884 he was playing the violin in the orchestra when the great Czech composer Dvořák was conducting.
In 1889 Elgar married.
His wife Caroline Alice Roberts came from a family who had more money than the Elgars, and she was 8 years older than he was.
Many people did not approve of the marriage, but she was a good wife to him and encouraged him in his efforts to be a successful composer.
Many experiences came through Kerouac's friendship with Neal Cassady.
Cassady was a handsome, bright young with a teenaged wife, named Luanne Henderson.
Cassady and Luanne had a hard relationship, and broke up and got back together many times.
He later married another woman named Carolyn Robinson, who was older than Luanne and understood him better, but Carolyn and Cassady also had troubles.
Kerouac was briefly married, to girlfriend Edie Parker.
They did not stay together long, and were soon divorced.
Cassady taught Kerouac, who never had a , how to drive, while Kerouac taught Cassady about writing.
Neal Cassady traveled back and forth across the country, usually driving cars like Hudsons at high speed.
he looked for jobs, fresh experiences, and new friends.
Kerouac began to travel with him.
They lived in and visited cities such as Denver, San Francisco, Monterey, and even Mexico City.
They also looked sometimes for Cassady's father, who disappeared years earlier.
Kerouac got sick in Mexico City, and Cassady left him behind at the hospital.
Kerouac had to make his own way home.
He took this very hard, and was angry with Cassady.
He forgave him later, when they met again, and he made Cassady the central character of his new book.
One job Kerouac could fall back on, thanks to Cassady, was as a railroad brakeman.
His daughter Jan-Michelle also began to write during her teen years.
He gave her his , and told her You can use my (last) name.
She wrote under the name Jan Kerouac, and published novels and stories herself, from the 1970s to the 1990s.
Kerouac's mother became sick, and he sometimes worked at her bedside on stories.
She helped him work out the ending of Pic, his novel about a young African-American.
Kerouac's works, especially On the Road, are now more popular than ever.
Generations have discovered his works, as a means of learning about life and attitudes in America during his lifetime, as a way to measure their own sense of experience, or as examples of and in .
Frances Folsom lived until the age of 83, and had become well known in the Princeton University community.
Ford supported many charities.
She assisted in fundraising for the little-known Hospital for Sick Children in Washington, D.C., whose patients were mostly African American.
Early into her time in during a televised tour of the White House, Ford once again stated that she and her husband shared the same bedroom.
Ford was heavily her husband's 1976 presidential campaign.
She made campaign appearances and delivered speeches across the United States.
During the campaign, many Ford supporters wore campaign buttons with phrases like Betty's Husband for President in '76 and Keep Betty in the White House.
After her husband was defeated by Jimmy Carter in the election, she delivered her husband's concession speech because he had lost his voice while campaigning.
Biotechnology is a technology that involves the use of living organisms.
Biotechnology is mainly used in agriculture, food science, and medicine.
In biotechnology, living organisms are used to make useful chemicals and products or to perform an industrial task.
An example of biotechnology is the use of the fermentation reaction in yeast to make beer and other alcoholic drinks.
Another example is the use of carbon dioxide produced by yeast to make bread rise.
Johnson became the first lady of the United States when her husband was sworn in as the 36th president on November 22, 1963, after the President John F.
Kennedy was assassinated.
In 1988, Johnson convened with three other former first ladies, Betty Ford, Rosalynn Carter, and Pat Nixon at the Women and the Constitution conference at The Carter Center to assess that document's impact on women.
The conference featured over 150 speakers and 1,500 attendees from all 50 states and 10 foreign countries.
The conference was meant to promote awareness on sexual inequality in the United States and other countries.
Reagan's wardrobe consisted of dresses, gowns, and suits made by luxury designers, including James Galanos, Bill Blass, and Oscar de la Renta.
Her white, hand-beaded, one shoulder Galanos 1981 inaugural gown was estimated to cost $10,000, while the overall price of her inaugural wardrobe was said to cost $25,000.
Her wardrobe included red so often that the fire-engine shade became known as Reagan red.
She employed two private hairdressers, who would style her hair on a regular basis in the White House.
Something that is necessary is a necessity.
Lübeck (, Lübeek; adjective: lübsch, lübisch, at the latest since the 19th century also Lübeck, ) is a city in the North of Germany, in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.
The city was badly damaged in bombing World War II, especially between 1943 and 1945.
On January 2, 1945, the medieval city centre was bombed by the Royal Air Force and the U.S.
Air Force and about ninety percent of it was destroyed in only one hour, with 1800 residents killed and roughly 100,000 left homeless.
In February 1945, more attacks followed.
In total, about 6000 Nuremberg residents are estimated to have been killed in air raids.
Despite this, the city was rebuilt after the war and was to some extent, restored to its pre-war appearance including the reconstruction of some of its medieval buildings.
Göttingen is a city in Germany.
It is in the state of Lower Saxony.
Göttingen is on the Leine river.
The city is in the valley of the Leine river.
Göttingen is near a center of Germany.
There are many methods to calculate the center of a country.
Göttingen is about west-south-west of the center of Germany.
There live about 130,000 people in Göttingen.
There are about 30,000 university students.
The university and its hospital are a big employer.
In Germany people must be allowed to stay.
The most known sight is a water spring.
The spring has a bronze statue.
The statue is a girl.
She carries three geese.
The sight is called .
It is located on a square.
There are many places of worship.
There are many churches.
Göttingen is next to the autobahn number 7.
Göttingen has a train station.
Today, there is no airport.
During Nazi Germany there was an airport.
Many people use a bicycle.
There are many bicycle paths.
Maastricht (Limburgish: Mestreech) is a municipality in the south of the Netherlands.
It is the capital city of the province of Limburg.
About 120,000 people live there.
Maastricht received its City Rights fairly early, in 1204.
It was of strategic importance during the Eighty Years War and the Napoleonic Wars.
Therefore, Maastricht has two forts; Fort St.
Pieter and Fort St.
Jan.
Maastricht also had city walls.
Remains of those walls can still be seen today (notably the Helpoort is one the few still standing City Ports).
Haiphong is a city in the north of Vietnam.
It has about 400,000 inhabitants and a marine harbor.
About 1,700,000 people live in the district of Haiphong.
Braunschweig () is a city in the north of Germany, in the state of Lower Saxony.
About 30,000 people live on Kos, 16,000 of them in the island capital Kos City in the west of the island.
There is an international airport near Antimachia in the middle of the island and a sea harbour in Kos City.
People have lived on Kos since the 15th century BC, maybe longer.
Until the 4th century BC the capital of the island was in the west of it, near Kefalos.
After an earthquake it moved to Kos City.
Later the Hellenics, then the Romans and the Byzantines got the island.
The Knights of St.
John built great forts on Kos, in Kos City and near Antimachia.
The Turkish took over Kos in 1523.
The most important tourist attraction is the Askelepsion, an old temple for the Greek god Askelapsios.
It was built between the 5th and the 1st century BC.
The largest cities are Rhodes City in the north and Lindos in the south-east.
First settlement were on Rhodes at the 16th century before Christ.
Geologically it grew up from a volcano, the Teide.
This volcano has had many violent eruptions over its very long history, the most recent of those eruptions took place in 1909.
Paderborn (, Paterboärn) is a city in the middle west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The name of the city derives from the river Pader and born, an old German term for the source of a river.
The river Pader originates in more than 200 springs near Paderborn Cathedral.
Cottbus (Low Sorbian: Chóśebuz, Upper Sorbian: Choćebuz) is a city in the east of Germany, in the state of Brandenburg.
Mönchengladbach (Low Franconian: Jlabbach, Jelabbach) is a city in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
It is 35 km from Düsseldorf and 15 km from the Netherlands away.
Regensburg ( ]; Czech: Řezno, ]; Rengschburg or Rengschbuach ]) is a city in the south of Germany, in the east of the state of Bavaria.
Dordrecht was founded in 1047 and got its City Rights in 1220.
It was the first city in the west of the Netherlands to get City Rights.
Gran Canaria is one of the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean.
Gran Canaria lives - like most of the Canary Islands - mainly on tourism, although Las Palmas does have one of the most important ports in the Atlantic.
A city called Geestemünde was founded in 1847 as a rival of Bremerhaven.
Some villages around Bremerhaven are older.
In 1597 Anton Praetorius protested against the torture of women accused of witchcraft.
Mülheim an der Ruhr (Low German and Low Franconian: Mölm, Ripuarian: Müllem) is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, belonging to the Ruhr area.
Keane began playing songs by other artists, but soon they wanted to play their own songs.
In December 2002, Simon Williams of Fierce Panda went to a Keane gig in and he offered to make the band's next and first commercial single (song), Everybody's Changing.
He has a child called Freya with his wife Nat; she is four years old.
The drummer for Keane, Richard Hughes, said that the band had been asked if the song was about a place.
He said that Rice-Oxley had said that to the members of the band it might be about a place or a feeling.
He also said that the song can mean something to each person and each person can relate the song to their own memories.
He felt that the song was more of a theme than being about any single place or time.
Somewhere Only We Know has been released two times as a single.
Each time it had a different b-side.
This is a list of songs of Keane.
Keane is a rock band from England.
The CDs for each version had one or two other songs on them.
To the End of the Earth was composed in guitar.
A demo version played on guitar was also recorded.
It was composed by Tim Rice-Oxley in 2000.
The song was re-recorded for the single.
Fly to Me has been thought to be Keane's most beautiful song.
Official sheet music for the song is found in the Wise Publication's book of Hopes and Fears.
Cars are not allowed to drive on Langeoog.
People on the Island use bikes.
The port and the village are linked with a small railway, the so-called Inselbahn (Island's Rail).
The Railway is about 2.4 kilometers long.
The harbour of Langeoog is quite big.
It was built in World War II by the German Navy.
Today the harbour is used by ferries, that connect Langoog with the harbour of Bensersiel on the coast.
The Langeoog harbour is also used by sailors, some fishermen and the German Society for Rescuing Ship-Wreckers.
Graphic: Graphic T- shirts come in many shapes and sizes, including all of the aforementioned necklines.
Any T-shirt with a graphic print on it is considered a graphic T-shirt.
The style of shirt is extremely popular amongst brands and companies as they are used for marketing and promoting messages.
Heibronn ( ]; , local dialect: Hallbrunn, Haalbrunn) is a city in Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg.
With about 117,000 people, Heilbronn is the sixth largest town in Baden-Württemberg.
Pforzheim () is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Bergisch Gladbach (; Ripuarian: Jläbbisch Gläbbich) is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Gera has got twelve twin towns.
Eleven of them are in Europe.
Walpole He was born in Houghton, Norfolk on 26 August 1676.
He died on 18 March 1745.
Historians think he became England's first Prime Minister in 1721.
He was then Prime Minister for a longer time than anyone who came after him.
This long time is sometimes called the robinocracy (Robin is a common version of Robert).
Leeuwarden is a city in the north of the Netherlands.
About 48,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
Lelystad is a municipality in the middle of the Netherlands.
Almere is a municipality in the Netherlands (no city rights).
, and are hidden under their feathers.
They can live up to 10–20 years.
Kiwi are night (nocturnal) birds.
They mostly eat invertebrates, like worms and insects.
Kiwi keep a territory where they live alone or with their mate.
In their territory they build several small caves where they sleep, or lay their eggs.
Kiwi are monogamous; the male and female stay together until one of them dies.
The male and female live in the same territory and raise their children together.
Tol (தொல்) means Old and Kappiyam (காப்பியம்) means a literary work.
The name of the author could not be identified (usually referred as Tholkappiyar) and the work apparently relates to Grammar in Tamil.
It is learnt that the author was one of the 12 disciples of Sage Agastya the Father of Tamil Grammar.
This sage was living in the south near Madurai, during the visit of Lord Ram to the south in search of his wife, abducted by the Lankan King Ravan.
The age of Lord Ram precedes that of Lord Krishna and hence the work can safely be said to precede 3000 BC (the ideal period of Mahabharat Yudh).
The Fachhochschule Düsseldorf is a so-called Fachhochschule (university of applied sciences), that means a special kind of college, with technical, design and business subjects in Düsseldorf.
The crow characters in the movie are often seen as African-American stereotypes.
Brecht went to school in Augsburg, where his father was the director of a paper factory.
He completed his degree in 1917.
His works became very critical about the capitalistic society (e.g.
Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny (1930)).
Many of his friends were communists, but he never joined the KPD.
In 1933 the Nazis prohibited playing some of his works and arrested some of his friends.
He went to Sweden, then to Finland and finally to Moscow in the Soviet Union.
Even under Stalin he was not safe.
He therefore flew through China to the United States.
In 1948 he was allowed to return to Berlin, East Berlin.
He was an important writer and director for the young East Germany.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing (22 January 1729 in Kamenz (Saxony) – 15 February 1781 in Braunschweig) was a German poet and philosopher in the time of the enlightenment.
Böll was born in Cologne.
His family were strong Catholics and pacifists.
Tinder is a material that is used to start fires easily when lit with a match.
Most clavaria fungi grow on the ground, but some grow on well-decayed logs and stumps.
The company was started in February 1982 by Trip Hawkins.
They first shipped their games in May 1983.
A truck (or lorry in British English) is a motor vehicle used to transport goods, materials, or troops.
The word truck comes from the Greek word trochos, which means wheel.
Most trucks use diesel fuel.
Trucks have variations in size, power, and configuration, with the smallest being mechanically similar to an automobile.
Also, the road spreads the weight of the truck which means larger amounts can be carried than with trains (steam-powered, diesel-powered, or light rail) on railroad tracks.
A simple glue can be made at home by mixing wheat, flour and water.
This glue will stick pieces of paper together.
Tomsk is one of the most beautiful places in Siberia.
It is said to have the best education in Siberia.
Holy Roman Emperor was the title that was given to the ruler of a loose group of places in mostly Central Europe called the Holy Roman Empire.
The title of emperor was passed from the Romans to the Frankish kingdom (for which France is named) when, on 25 December 800, Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne, king of the Franks, emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
Tampere () is the third biggest city in Finland.
It is the capital of the Pirkanmaa area.
Savitaipale is a Finnish municipality in the South Karelia region.
As of January 2014, more than 3,700 people lived in Savitaipale.
John Dalton (6 September 1766–27 July 1844) was a British chemist and physicist.
He was born in Cumberland to a Quaker family.
He is best known for his discoveries in atomic theory.
He also made the first important studies of color blindness.
Roosevelt Regional Landfill, Roosevelt, Washington.
Denver Arapahoe Disposal Site, Aurora, Colorado.
Columbia Ridge Landfill, Arlington, Oregon.
The Ugandan National Theatre is in Kampala.
There is also a university in the city.
Liguria (, ]; Ligurian: Ligûria ]) is a region of Northern Italy.
The capital is Genoa.
Tagore's political views were complicated.
He criticized European colonialism and supported Indian nationalists.
But he also criticized the Swadeshi movement that many nationalist leaders in India liked.
He liked self-help and learning.
He asked Indians to accept there can be no question of blind revolution, but of steady and purposeful education.
Many people did not like his thinking.
In late 1916, some Indians plotted to kill him when he was staying in a hotel in San Francisco, USA.
When they saw him face-to-face, however, they instead started arguing with Tagore and changed their minds about killing him.
Tagore also wrote many songs praising the Indian independence movement.
He also returned the British honor of Knighthood as a protest against the 1919 Amritsar massacre.
In Amritsar, troops of the British Raj had opened fire on unarmed civilians, killing many.
Despite his unfriendly relations with Gandhi, Tagore played a key role in resolving a Gandhi-B.
R.
Ambedkar dispute which was about separate electorates for untouchables.
Untouchables were people considered lowest in the social order.
Rabindranath Tagore helped the freedom of India.
He was first to identify the theme of Globalization.
As a student, he studied philosophy, history, literature, and .
Feodor Chaliapin (1873-1938) was a famous Russian bass.
A baritone is a voice between tenor and bass in range, but some low baritones describe themselves as bass-baritones.
Wotan in Der Ring des Nibelungen is a bass-baritone part.
Bryn Terfel is a famous Welsh bass-baritone.
Ghulam was born in Qadian, Punjab in British Raj in 1835 the surviving child of twins born to a rich family.
He is reported to have spent a lot of time in the mosque and with the study of the Qur'an and his religion, Islam.
This did not lead him to fulfill his father's wishes of his son becoming a lawyer or civil servant.
He did attempt to become a lawyer but failed the test.
In his course of studying religious topics, he would often interact with many Muslims, non-Muslims, and with Christian missionaries whom he would engage in debates.
The church includes a small atrium (decorated by a large stone cross), an inside yard with a large garden and a large session hall where the frayers held dissertations or capitulations of faith.
The laws are different in every country, but usually there are two ways reasons for a divorce in law: because of a bad act by one person and divorce with no bad act.
In some countries it is important who did the bad act.
This may have an effect on decisions about the money and property of the two people.
Normally a divorce comes in force some time after the decision of approval.
Under this system, divorce is possible with no argument about a bad act by one of the married people.
In some countries it is enough to make a statement that the relation is broken and it is not possible for it to be fixed.
This is true in the United States for example.
It is not necessary to say that one of the married people was responsible.
The system lets two married people make a request together or only one.
In some countries, there are special systems which give help to people.
For example, they are able to go a hearing with a judge but no lawyers.
Lawyers may have discussions with the people to make an agreement.
In some systems, an expert with experience of divorces makes decisions in place of a judge.
The Arctic tern holds the long-distance migration record for birds.
It flies between Arctic breeding grounds and the Antarctic each year.
Albatrosses circle the earth, flying over the southern oceans.
The Manx shearwater migrates between its northern breeding grounds and the southern ocean.
Shorter migrations are common, including altitudinal migrations up and down mountains like the Andes and Himalayas.
b.
gh is used in the romanization of зг (zgh), avoiding confusion with ж (zh).
A movie screen is a surface on which a movie projector plays a movie.
They are sometimes a wall, sometimes a cloth, and sometimes paper.
Theaters have movie screens, and some people have them at home.
Movable movie screens are made to be used where there is not a movie screen already.
Screens are white or grey so that the movie shows up nicely on the screen.
This lets the people watching the movie see it easily.
Pascal is a programming language.
Now, there are many different dialects of the language, some of which support object-oriented programming.
Every variable has to be declared before it is used.
Every variable has a data type.
You are only allowed to assign values to the variable that are valid for the data type.
Pascal is a imperative language.
The language distinguishes between procedures and functions.
A function returns a value, a procedure does not.
end.
formula_1 where the center of the ellipse is (h,k).
2A is the length from each end of the longer skinnier side.
2b is the length of the 2 ends of the short side.
A²-B²=C² for c is the length between the foci and the center.
Located along the Douro river estuary in Northern Portugal, Porto is one of the oldest European centres, and its historical core was proclaimed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1996.
The western part of its urban area extends to the coastline of the Atlantic Ocean.
Its settlement dates back many centuries, when it was an outpost of the Roman Empire.
Its combined Celtic-Latin name, Portus Cale, has been referred to as the origin of the name Portugal, based on transliteration and oral evolution from Latin.
In Portuguese, the name of the city is spelled with a definite article (o Porto; English: the port).
Consequently, its English name evolved from a misinterpretation of the oral pronunciation and referred to as Oporto in modern literature and by many speakers.
Fürth (; East Franconian: ; ) is a city in the German state Bavaria, next to Nuremberg (Nürnberg).
Reutlingen is a city in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Moers (, formerly Mörs) is a city in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Moers is near to Duisburg and belongs to the Ruhr area.
Can Tho had a population of about 1.57 million in 2019.
It is the biggest city in the Mekong delta.
It is about 160 km away from Ho Chi Minh City and the capitol of the district of Can Tho, until 1975 named Hau Giang.
Pleiku (also Plei Cu or Plây Cu) is a city in Central Việt Nam.
Toulouse has a population, in 2014, of 466,297, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
A campus of the computer science schools École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées and École pour l'informatique et les nouvelles technologies , the university in electric energy and information sciences Supélec, the engineering school CentraleSupélec.
The Alpide belt includes Indonesia and southeast Asia, through the Himalayas, and ends in the Alps.
The belt also includes other European and Asian mountain ranges.
The Himalayas contain the highest mountains in the world, including Mount Everest, at of elevation.
For some, no drug use includes caffeine which is a stimulant drug.
Some will accept drugs such as codeine or morphine for medical reasons.
Some followers of straight edge will not use Ny-Quil or Day-Quil because they contain alcohol.
First settlements in that region were from the 6th century before Christ.
The Romans founded Rotomagus about 100 A.D..
Since 384 Rouen is the seat of a bishop.
In 841 the Vikings conquered Rouen.
It became the capitol of the Duchy of Normandy.
In 1419 the English crown (Henry IV.
of England) conquered the city in the 100-year War between France and England.
On May, 30th of 1431 Jeanne D'Arc (the Virgin of Orleans) was burned in Rouen.
In 1494 the French got the city back.
In 1834 the railway connection Paris-Rouen was opened.
With a population of 134,577, Limoges has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 141,365, Clermont-Ferrand has a population density of inhabitants/km.
In 1999, syphilis had infected about 12 million people.
More than 90% of these people lived in the developing world.
It is a very large family of fish made up of more than 2500 species.
The Battle of Hastings was a major turning point in English history.
William's claim to the throne was strong, and he had backed it up with force.
On Christmas Day in 1066, William was crowned King of England.
The males are very colorful, and they have very long train feathers (or tail feathers), which they can move up like a fan.
Females are less colorful, and do not have the long train-feathers.
Both the male and the female have a little crown of feathers on their head.
The dozen is convenient because its multipliers and multiples are convenient: 12 = 3 × 2 × 2, and 360 = 30 × 12.
The French word douzaine means about twelve and is part of a family of words with similar meanings, e.g.
vingtaine – about 20 centaine – about 100 etc.
A baker's dozen, also known as a long dozen, is thirteen.
See below.
The current reason for the overfishing is the need of the Omega Fatty Acid, which helps increase memory, and brain functions.
Over the years Cranbourne has changed from a small country town to a rapidly growing suburb.
The exact time of when Cranbourne had changed from town to suburb is not really known.
The number of people living in Cranbourne has grown quickly since the 1970s.
There were 1,800 people in 1976, rising to 14,005 in 1986 and 18,886 in 1991.
Cranbourne's current population is estimated to be at least 30,000 people.
The company flies about 700 Boeing 737 aircraft.
This is more than any other airline.
It only flies the Boeing 737.
By 2019, 13 were the newest kind, the Boeing 737 MAX.
Contemporary graphic designs tends to feature modern geometric forms and shapes and bold typefaces.
They emphasize making the message easy to read and comprehend and also grab attention and make memorable.
Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth.
The upper side of the body is medium to dark gray.
The underside is off-white to light gray.
It has a rather large fin on its back for its size.
La Rochelle is a city in the Charente-Maritime department and a seaport in western France near the Bay of Biscay.
The Huguenots there rebelled in 1627 and 1628.
Like the similar nectar-feeding sunbirds and unlike other birds, hummingbirds drink by using grooved or trough-like tongues which they can stick out a long way.
Idi Amin had a controversial foreign policy.
He expelled Asian communities, leading to strained relations with the UK and Israel.
Amin's regime was marked by erratic diplomatic decisions and isolationist tendencies.
Idi Amin had a complex relationship with Israel.
In the early 1970s, he expressed support for Israel, but later he shifted towards a more anti-Israel stance.
Amin severed diplomatic ties in 1972, aligning himself with the Arab nations after the Yom Kippur War.
Idi Amin had a close relationship with Libya's leader, Muammar Gaddafi, during the 1970s.
They formed an alliance based on shared interests and anti-Western sentiments.
Gaddafi provided Amin with economic and military support, and they collaborated on various political initiatives.
Idi Amin's relationship with the United States was strained.
While initially supported during the Cold War due to his anti-Soviet stance, Amin's erratic behavior and human rights abuses led to a deterioration of relations.
Idi Amin initially had close ties with the Soviet Union in the early 1970s, but the relationship soured later.
Amin, Uganda's president, expelled Israeli and Western advisers, turning to the Soviet Union for support.
Some dictators gained political power through violent takeover, such as a military coup, civil war or revolution.
Some won an election and cancelled new ones once in power, or changed how they were run to make them unfair for opponents.
These are the cities in Nigeria with over 1 million people as of 2012.
The Funimation dubbed episodes also aired in Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Australia, and New Zealand.
However, beginning with episode 108 (123 uncut), Westwood Media (in association with Ocean Studios) produced an alternate English dub, distributed to Europe by AB Groupe.
The alternate dub was created for broadcast in the UK, the Netherlands and Ireland, although it also aired in Canada beginning from episode 168 (183 uncut) to fulfill Canadian content requirements.
Funimation's in-house dub continued to air in the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand.
The Westwood Media production used the same voice cast from the original 53-episode dub produced by Funimation, it featured an alternate soundtrack by Tom Keenlyside and John Mitchell, though most of this score was pieces Ocean reused from other productions Keenlyside and Mitchell had scored for them, and it used the same scripts and video master as the TV edit of Funimation's in-house dub.
The Westwood Media dub never received a home video release.
In Australia, Dragon Ball Z was broadcast by the free-to-air commercial network, Network Ten during morning children's programming, Cheez TV, originally using the censored Funimation/Saban dub before switching to Funimation's in-house dub.
When a neuron is not conduction or is in resting state the axonal membrane is more permeable to K ions and impermeable to Na ions.
The sodium potassium pump actively pumps out 3Na ions to the extracellular fluid and takes in 2K ions into the cell.
Due to the imbalance in charge, a potential difference is developed across the axonal membrane, also known as the resting potential (-70mV).
The outer side of the membrane will have a positive charge while the inner side will have a negative charge.
Polyrhythm happens when two different rhythms are played at the same time in music.
African, Latin, and Afro-Cuban music often use polyrhythms.
It was started by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard (18131855).
The movie Taxi Driver (which has the actor Robert De Niro) from 1976 has existential ideas in it.
The main character feels sad and lonely, because he cannot understand the world.
In 1775, Alexander Cumming patented the S-bend.
This was crucial in the development of the flushing toilet.
It was a simple length of pipe with a curve in it.
Gregorian chants are divided into three types based on the number of notes sung to each syllable.
Syllabic chants mostly have one note per syllable.
In neumatic chants there are mostly two or three notes per syllable, while melismatic chants have lots of notes for one syllable.
Some of the chants are recitative and some are free melody.
When two choirs stand in different parts of the church and sing alternately these are called Antiphonal chants.
Responsorial chants are ones with a refrain sung by the choir, which alternate with a psalm verse sung by a soloist.
According to the Planck mission team, and based on the standard model of cosmology, the total mass–energy of the known universe contains 4.9% ordinary matter, 26.8% dark matter and 68.3% dark energy.Thus, dark matter is estimated to make up 84.5% of the total matter in the universe, while dark energy plus dark matter make up 95.1% of the total stuff in the universe.
This is a table of the basic katakana strokes.
The first chart shows the basic katakana (characters with red letters next to them are no longer used today).
From the first table it can be seen that there are 46 basic characters (top left, first five columns, from a to wa).
Diphthongs (vowels that slide from one sound to the other) have to be written with an extra symbol in small print.
For example: the sound “mu in our word “music sounds like “myu so it is written ミュ (mi+yu).
So the word “musical (as in a stage musical) is written: ミュージカル.
There has been another incident in 2008.
Basilicata is a region in the south of Italy.
The capital is Potenza.
The population was about 597,768 in 2004.
The region is very mountainous.
Because of this, communication in the area was very difficult until modern times.
This has also caused Basilicata to be one of the least developed areas of Italy.
Basilicata borders the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Gulf of Taranto at its lowest elevations.
The highest point in the area is Monte Pollino at 2233m (7325ft).
The area also includes a dead volcano, Monte Vulture.
The region has an area of .
Many different examples of prehistoric cave art have been found, suggesting the Cantabrian culture is at least 15,000 years old.
Cave art is the best known feature of the Cantabrian life.
The latest round of systematic cave explorations began in the early 1970s.
Now new art can be discovered every year.
Some of the cave art is engraved, and others are painted.
Much of the cave art is of animals.
There are often pictures of red deer found from this area of Spain.
There are also other unusual symbols that can be found.
This attracts much interest and many tourists to this culture.
The Cantabrian life revolves mainly around art, tourism, and fishing.
Rich deposits of coal, iron, and zinc are also mined in the Cantabrian Mountains.
Tourism is a very large part of the Cantabrian life, and their economic success.
, there are 35,870 persons living in the comune, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
, there are 112,953 persons living in the comune, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
L'Aquila is an Italian city.
Potenza means strength in Italian.
An air gun is a gun which uses gas to fire a projectile instead of burning gunpowder that an ordinary gun uses.
El Al became the official Israeli airline in 1948.
The first international flight took place in 1949.
It flew from Tel Aviv to Paris.
Humour or humor () is the way that some experiences can make people laugh or feel happy.
Most people are able to be amused (laugh or smile at something funny) and have a sense of humor.
You can use puns with words that sound similar but have different meanings, or a word that has two meanings.
Other examples of humor are satire, saying yes or no when it is not expected, and using different kinds of logic.
People of different ages and cultures can find different things humorous.
For example, adults may like satire, which children could find hard to understand.
A comedian is someone who is paid to make people laugh.
, there are 83,731 persons living in the comune, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare (Tony Hoare or C.
A.
R.
Hoare, born 11 January 1934) is an English computer scientist.
He is probably best known for the development of Quicksort.
Quicksort is the world's most widely used sorting algorithm.
He also developed Hoare logic.
Hoare received the Turing Award in 1980 for his fundamental contributions to the definition and design of programming languages.
His Brain is also on display in the Science Museum in London.
The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Perugia (said Pah-ru-zha ) is the capital city of the region of Umbria in central Italy, near the Tiber River, and the capital of the province of Perugia.
The city is about 100 miles (160 kilometres) north of Rome.
It covers a high hilltop and part of the valleys around the area.
Perugia was an Umbrian settlement but first appears in written history as Perusia, one of the twelve confederate cities of Etruria.
It was first mentioned in Q.
Fabius Pictor's account, used by Livy, of the expedition carried out against the Etruscans by Fabius Maximus Rullianus in 310 or 309 BC.
At that time, a thirty-year indutiae (truce) was agreed upon; however, in 295 BC, Perusia took part in the Third Samnite War and was reduced, with Volsinii and Arretium (Arezzo), to seek for peace in the following year.
Perugia is hardly mentioned, except by the geographers, until it was the only city in Umbria to resist Totila, who captured it and laid the city waste in 547, after a long siege, apparently after the city's Byzantine garrison evacuated.
Negotiations with the besieging forces fell to the city's bishop, Herculanus, as representative of the townspeople.
Totila is said to have ordered the bishop to be flayed and beheaded. St.
Herculanus (Sant'Ercolano) later became the city's patron saint.
In the Lombard period, Perugia is spoken of as one of the principal cities of Tuscia.
In the 9th century, with the consent of Charlemagne and Louis the Pious, it passed under the popes; but by the 11th century its commune was asserting itself, and for many centuries the city continued to maintain an independent life, warring against many of the neighbouring lands and cities: Foligno, Assisi, Spoleto, Todi, Siena, Arezzo, etc.
In 1186, Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor, rex romanorum and future emperor, granted diplomatic recognition to the consular government of the city; afterward Pope Innocent III, whose major aim was to give state dignity to the dominions having been constituting the patrimony of St.
Peter, acknowledged the validity of the imperial statement and recognized the established civic practices having the force of law.
On various occasions, the popes found asylum, from the conflicts in Rome, within its walls, and it was the meeting-place of five conclaves (Perugia Papacy), including those which elected Honorius III (1216), Clement IV (1285), Celestine V (1294), and Clement V (1305); the papal presence was characterized by a peace-time rule between the internal rivalries.
But Perugia had no mind simply to serve the papal interests and never accepted papal sovereignty: the city used to exercise a jurisdiction over the members of the clergy.
Also, in 1282, Perugia was excommunicated due to a new military conflict against the Ghibellines regardless of a papal prohibition.
In the other hand, side by side with the 13th-century bronze griffin of Perugia, above the door of the Palazzo dei Priori stands, as a Guelphic emblem, the lion: Perugia remained loyal for the most part to the Guelph party in the struggles of Guelphs and Ghibellines.
However this dominant tendency was rather an anti-Germanic and Italian political strategy.
The Angevin presence in Italy appeared offer a counterpoise to papal powers: in 1319 Perugia declared the Angevin Saint Louis of Toulouse Protector of the city's sovereignty and of the Palazzo of its Priors and set his figure among the other patron saints above the rich doorway of the Palazzo dei Priori.
At the half of the 14th century, Bartholus of Sassoferrato, who was a renowned jurist, asserted that Perugia was dependent upon neither imperial nor papal support.
In 1347, at the time of Rienzi's unfortunate enterprise in reviving the Roman Republic, Perugia sent ten ambassadors to pay him honour; and, when papal messengers sought to force it by foreign soldiers, or to exact contributions, they met with vigorous resistance, which broke into open warfare with Pope Urban V in 1369; in 1370 the noble party reached an agreement signing the treaty of Bologna and Perugia was forced to accept a papal legate; however the vicar-general of the Papal States, Gérard du Puy, Abbot of Marmoutier and nephew of Pope Gregory IX, was expelled by a popular uprising in 1375, and his fortification of Porta Sole was razed to the ground.
Perugia is the capital city of the region of Umbria.
Even though Perugia is in the Central part of Italy, the city has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa), similar to much of Northern Italy.
The comune includes the frazioni of Bagnaia, Bosco, Capanne, Casa del Diavolo, Castel del Piano, Cenerente, Civitella Benazzone, Civitella d'Arna, Collestrada, Colle Umberto I, Cordigliano, Colombella, Farneto, Ferro di Cavallo, Fontignano, Fratticiola Selvatica, La Bruna, La Cinella, Lacugnano, Lidarno, Migiana di Monte Tezio, Monte Bagnolo, Monte Corneo, Montelaguardia, Monte Petriolo, Mugnano, Olmo, Parlesca, Pianello, Piccione, Pila, Pilonico Materno, Ponte della Pietra, Poggio delle Corti, Ponte Felcino, Ponte Pattoli, Ponte Rio, Ponte San Giovanni, Ponte Valleceppi, Prepo, Pretola, Ramazzano-Le Pulci, Rancolfo, Ripa, Sant'Andrea delle Fratte, Sant'Egidio, Sant'Enea, San Fortunato della Collina, San Giovanni del Pantano, Sant'Andrea d'Agliano, Santa Lucia, San Marco, Santa Maria Rossa, San Martino dei Colli, San Martino in Campo, San Martino in Colle, San Sisto, Solfagnano, Villa Pitignano.
The number of the Ubuntu release is 'X.YY', with 'X' being the year of release (minus 2000) and 'Y' being the month of release.
For example, Ubuntu 4.10 was released in October (the tenth month of the year), 2004.
The name of the release (for example, Breezy Badger) is an adjective (a describing word) followed by the name of an animal.
Later, Parks and her husband moved to Detroit, Michigan.
Parks continued to work as an activist.
For years, she worked for United States Congressman John Conyers.
After that, she worked as an activist against apartheid in South Africa.
She also opened a center in Detroit that gave advice to black youth about careers and job opportunities.
In 1828 Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands made a mechanical extraction method for taking away the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the mostly de-fatted cacao.
It was a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was rock cacao or ground into powder.
The processes made chocolate from an luxury to an cheap daily snack.
A process for making smoother chocolate called conching was made in 1879 by Swiss Rodolphe and made it easier to bake with chocolate as it amalgamates smoothly and completely with cake batters.
Until 1890 to 1900 chocolate recipes were mostly for drinks.
As of 2016, there are five different revisions of the SATA standard.
As with the power connector, there are different versions of the data connector, for different applications.
The standard connector has 7 pins, and is used for 3.5 and 2.5 drives.
The most common other form factors are mSATA, and M.2 (or NGFF).
Ichthyology is the scientific study of fish.
The term Ichthyology which is derieved from following two Greek word 'Ichthyus' means fish and 'logos' means knowledge.
With a population of 6,835 (2014), Condom has a population density of inhabitants/km.
In Greek cuisine, a barbecue is called a skara.
Reggio di Calabria (, ; ) is a city in southern Italy, capital of the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria, and the twenty-first most populous city in Italy after Modena.
Reggio was the capital of Magna Graecia.
It was the first city to take the name of Italy, founder of the ononymous name, formerly populated by Italics.
It is the third economic centre of mainland Southern Italy, the city proper has a population of more than 200,000 inhabitants spread over , while the fast-growing urban area numbers 260,000 inhabitants.
About 560,000 people live in the metropolitan area, recognised in 2015 by Italian Republic as a metropolitan city and is the 100th most populated city in the EU.
As a major functional pole in the region, it has strong historical, cultural and economic ties with the city of Messina, which lies across the strait in Sicily, forming a metro city of less than 1 million people.
Reggio is the oldest city in the region, and during ancient times, it was an important and flourishing colony of Magna Graecia.
Reggio has a modern urban system, set up after the catastrophic earthquake of 1908, which destroyed most of the city.
The region has been subject to earthquakes.
A skirt is a piece of clothing that hangs downwards from the waist.
Chongqing (Simplified Chinese: 重庆, Traditional Chinese: 重慶; pinyin: Chóngqìng; Postal System Pinyin: Chungking) is a city and a district in Central China.
Chongqing was the provisional capital of the government of Chiang Kai-shek during the Second Chinese-Japanese War from 1937 to 1945.
Bologna (Emilian and Romagnol: Bulåggna) is the capital and largest city of Emilia-Romagna in Northern Italy.
It has about 400,000 inhabitants.
King Alfonso II the Chaste (791-842) moved the capital of the kingdom of Asturias to Oviedo in 791.
He enlarged the city with a new cathedral, palaces, churches and city walls.
Examples of these buildings which are still existing are: San Julián de los Prados, (St Julian in the fields), also called Santullano, the head of the church dedicated to San Tirso, (Saint Thyrsus), and the Cámara Santa, (Holy Chamber) which is a chapel which belonged to the palace of the king.
People get tattoos in tattoo parlors.
Getting a tattoo is painful, although some people have more pain than others, and some body parts are more painful to tattoo than others.
Most tattoos today are created using an electric tattoo machine, which uses needles to put ink into the body.
When HIV gets resistant to one medicine, this is changed to another medicine.
So the AIDS cocktail that people with AIDS take changes over time.
But after a long time, the HIV learns to be resistant to many drugs.
This is called multi-drug-resistant (acronym MDR) HIV.
After the HIV in a person has MDR-HIV there may be no more medicines to treat them.
So scientists keep trying to find new medicines to fight HIV.
Queensland is a state in eastern Australia.
It is the second largest state by area and the third largest state by population.
In 2006 there were 3,904,532 people living in Queensland.
Epinephrine is the best treatment for anaphylaxis.
Doctors often give antihistamines (which destroy histamine) and steroids along with epinephrine.
Once a person has returned to normal, they should be watched in the hospital for 2 to 24 hours to make sure their symptoms do not return.
In 1991 rioting took place in Hoyerswerda outside a hostel for foreign asylum-seekers.
People used the word Ausländerfrei (foreigner-free).
This word was voted the Unwort (politically incorrect word) of 1991.
Brigadier-General Frank Percy Crozier argued that “The fight against the condition known as trench-feet had been incessant [never-ending] and an uphill game.
The only way to get rid of trench foot was to dry the feet and change into dry socks several times a day.
This was not possible in the trenches.
This article is about the instrumental ballade that was popular in the 19th century.
2003/2004 the stadium corners were removed.
As standing place grandstand the south grandstand seizes 25,000 spectators and is the largest thereby in Europe.
With international plays seats can be used here.
Altogether itself the capacity of the stadium amounted after the change to scarcely 83,000 spectators.
Ballack attended the World Cup twice, in 2002 and 2006, but did not win it with the Germany national football team.
He is considered as one of the strongest midfield players to ever play for the German national team.
British Airways has a large fleet of aircraft, including planes built by Boeing, Airbus and Embraer.
They are now operating the Airbus A380, the largest passenger plane ever built.
In biology, an organ is a group of tissues that work together in an organism.
They specialise in particular vital functions.
They create an organ system which, as a whole, is an organism.
In English, existence is usually connected with the verb to be.
Sir Malcolm Arnold (born Northampton, 21 October 1921; died 23 September 2006) was an English composer.
He is famous for writing symphonies, concertos and movie music.
People disagree about whether he is one of the really great composers, or just a very skilled musician.
His music is often very tuneful, sometimes it is sentimental.
He could write music very quickly.
His famous music for the movie The Bridge on the River Kwai was composed in ten days.
The Old Town Hall is the most-often photographed building of Bamberg.
There are two bridges here for pedestrians: the Upper and Lower Bridge.
The ancient Lower Bridge passes through the archway of the town hall.
On one side there are beautiful Baroque paintings.
On the other side one can still see the medieval black-and-white walls.
This side was also plastered over with paintings in the Baroque times, but when a bridge nearby was blown up in World War II the plaster fell off, so it is now kept with the original medieval walls showing.
Dives are put into categories, based on the Direction the dive is in, and what Position it is in.
For some millisecond pulsars, the regularity of pulsation is more precise than an atomic clock.
The player takes the role of the Jedi Exile, believed to be the last Jedi or one of the last.
In addition one can get on or off a taxi at any road where stopping is allowed.
Some fixed-route buses allow getting on and off at suitable unmarked locations along that route, typically called a hail-and-ride section.
The highest temperature recorded was 50.7°C at Oodnadatta on 2 January 1960.
The coldest temperature recorded was -8.2°C at Yongala on 20 July 1976.
When he was old he had Alzheimer's disease which made him forget a lot of things.
The shuttle was launched out of Earth's gravity and into space by 3 rocket engines on the back of the orbiter along with help from 2 long white Solid Rocket Boosters (also called SRBs) Fuel for the shuttle was stored in the large, usually orange, External Fuel Tank (also called ET).
Before the shuttle reached orbit, the SRBs were released and fell into the Atlantic Ocean where they were towed back to shore for reuse.
The ET was also released but broke up and fell into the Indian Ocean and was not reused.
There was a Russian Shuttle called Buran.
It flew one unmanned flight before being retired.
The Buran was destroyed in a hangar collapse in 2002.
A large pipe organ may have three or more manuals (keyboards).
The third keyboard is called the choir.
Traditionally the sound from the choir organ comes from pipes in a separate box behind the organist, facing the choir (the singers).
It is often used to accompany them.
Copper is used to form the communication pathways that connect all the different parts on the motherboard, and is used because of its excellent ability to conduct electricity.
Two types of boron are found (allotropes).
Amorphous boron is a brown powder and metallic (crystalline) boron is black and hard and a weak conductor at room temperature.
Boron is the 5th element in the periodic table and is part of the Earth's surface.
O'Hear Mortals these sacred words...
See enthroned our great noble Flag!
By The United Provinces of the South.
And the world's free men now respond...
And the world's free men now respond...
And the world's free men now respond...
Well we knew how to fetch them.
Well we knew how to fetch them.
Or full with Glory, let's swear to die.
Full with Glory, let's swear to die.
Italian books by Piemme/Junior.
Geronimo's middle name was never casted in the books.
Dionysus (, also spelt Dionysos, Dionysius) is the Greek god of frenzies, festivities, spiritual ecstasy, wine, and alcohol in general.
A proverb is a wise saying.
Many cultures have collections of these, such as the Book of Proverbs in the Old Testament, was said to be written by king Solomon of Israel.
As the zygote develops into an embryo, the triploid cell develops into the endosperm, which serves as the embryo's food supply.
The ovary now will develop into a fruit and the ovule will develop into a seed.
Butterfly-pollinated flowers tend to be large and showy, pink or lavender in colour, often have a landing area, and are usually scented.
Since butterflies do not digest pollen (with one exception), more nectar is offered than pollen.
The flowers have simple nectar guides with the nectaries usually hidden in narrow tubes or spurs, reached by the long tongue of the butterflies.
Aalborg was founded around 700 A.D.
and was heard about for the first time in the year 1040.
It has about 82,000 inhabitants and is the 5th largest city of Denmark.
The growing began in the 1860s, because Denmark lost its North Sea harbors to Prussia in the Danish-Prussian-Austrian war.
Most people do these dances for fun.
When people compete against each other, the women wear formal dresses (gowns) for standard competition and short skirts for Latin.
Men wear formal evening wear ('white tie and tails') for standard and informal shirts for Latin.
Referees usually wear clothing to separate them from the players.
Most referees wear white and black shirts or an all black uniform.
Brazil's cerrado is an open woodland of short twisted trees.
The are many kinds of plants and animals here, many that don't exist anywhere else on earth.
Mary Elizabeth Donaldson was born in Queen Alexandria Hospital in Hobart, Tasmania.
She is the youngest daughter of John Dalgleish Donaldson, a professor of applied mathematics, and Henrietta Clark Donaldson.
Her parents were Scots.
She has two sisters and one brother.
She graduated from University of Tasmania in 1994 with a bachelor's degree in Commerce and Law.
The Ivy League is a part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
It is made up of eight private research universities in the Northeastern United States.
The term Ivy League is often used outside sports about the eight schools as a group of elite colleges meaning academic excellence and selectivity in admissions.
The word professional is often used as an adjective, e.g.
Alberto crossed the coast about 50 miles southeast of Tallahassee, Florida on June 13.
Parts of Cedar Key and Crystal River were flooded from the high sea waves associated with Alberto.
Because Alberto was big in size, it took a long time to weaken over Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina.
Alberto moved to the northeast, as it changed from a tropical cyclone to an extratropical cyclone.
As an extratropical storm, Alberto quickly became stronger while off the New England coast.
Damage in the United States was about $565,000.
Beryl continued moving to the north until it turned to the northeast on July 20.
Beryl moved parallel to the East Coast of the United States and crossed over Nantucket Island, before becoming extratropical southwest of Nova Scotia on July 21.
In response and some fear to the storm's projected path into the Gulf of Mexico, prices for crude oil rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange at branch offices in London.
Natural gas prices rose considerably in New York Mercantile Exchange electronic trading on August 2.
Anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave are cited as reasons for the price move.
Also, numerous oil rigs were closed and ditched in response to the storm for the fear of Hurricane Katrina a year earlier.
On August 2 approximately 600 tourists evacuated the Puerto Rican islands of Vieques and Culebra as tropical storm warnings had been issued.
Cruise lines such as Royal Caribbean re-routed their ships to avoid the storm.
In Puerto Rico, rainfall from the storm caused the Fajardo River to overflow its banks.
The overflown waters temporarily closed a highway in the northeastern portion of the island.
Rainfall reached up to 2 inches (50 mm) across portions of Hispaniola, the Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, and eastern Cuba, and reached 4 inches (100 mm) in some mountainous areas.
Around September 16 it was nearly froze for some time in the mid-Atlantic about 1000 miles east of Bermuda, and became a weak hurricane.
However, it subsequently accelerated eastwards and strengthened to become category 2.
On 19 September hurricane warnings were issued for the Azores, as the predicted path passed through the center of that archipelago.
It became extratropical on September 20 after passing through Azorean waters, but the remnants side-swiped north-western Spain and then moved rapidly north towards Ireland and the west of Britain on September 21.
By the morning of September 22, it had been absorbed into a large Atlantic low to the west of Ireland.
On September 10, an area of clustered thunderstorms began to move off the western African coast.
It quickly became stronger and organized itself to become Tropical Depression Eight.
Continuing to organize, it reached tropical storm strength on September 13, becoming a hurricane on September 16 and a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale) on September 17.
Helene moved generally west-northwestward before commencing a northeasterly turn.
Large currents from Helene lashed Bermuda.
The hurricane then became an extratropical storm on September 24 and died shortly after.
Rainfall from Isaac was not reported to be higher than in most areas due to Isaac's speed and decreasing amount of moisture.
The highest measured amount was at Cape Race, while Cape Pine reported and St.
John's reported less than .
While it had been previously reported that a new backup list would be chosen (after it was first used in 2005), the National Hurricane Center reported in its first tropical weather outlook for the season that it would again use names from the Greek alphabet should the main list run out.
It would again start with Alpha.
Elblag ( ) is a city in northern Poland on the eastern edge of the Żuławy region with 124,257 inhabitants (December 31, 2011).
Elbląg is one of the oldest cities in the province and in Poland.
Rainbow trout and steelhead are thought to be game fish among anglers.
They're a very popular target for fly fishers.
In the Old Church Slavonic language, the name of the river was Vjodr.
Moselle had a population, in 2014, of 1,045,154, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Metz, with 341,821 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The iPod shuffle is the first music player that talks to you, using a feature called VoiceOver.
When the button on the headphones is held down, VoiceOver will speak the song currently playing and its artist.
If you continue holding it, it will tell you your playlists.
Click the centre button to select a playlist.
This feature is available in 20 languages.
Yu-Gi-Oh!GX The spin-off of Yu-Gi-Oh!Duel Monsters.
The story is set several years after the Yu-Gi-Oh!Duel Monsters story.
Many people have studied this problem.
The easiest (and most expensive solution) is to simply try all possibilities.
The problem with this is that for N cities you have (N-1) factorial possibilities.
This means that for only 10 cities there are over 180 thousand combinations to try (since the start city is defined, there can be permutations on the remaining nine).
We only count half since each route has an equal route in reverse with the same length or cost.
Extrasolar planets can have many different forms.
An extratropical cyclone turns anticlockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.
The shape is circular or oval.
The usual diameter is about 1000 km.
These cyclones are usually connected with fronts.
A front is a system of changes in weather.
It is caused by a very cold air mass meeting a very hot air mass.
In the cyclone, there is a system of warm front and cold front.
The center of a cyclone is cloudier.
There is also a very high chance of precipitation.
The wind is strong and changes its direction, as the warm front passes.
The weather is stable and fog is usual.
As the cold front passes, there is a change of wind, the temperature decreases and rain is also common.
Some extratropical cyclones are made from tropical cyclones that become weak but do not die when they move over cold water.
Sometimes, these weather areas can become even stronger than before as they turn into extratropical cyclones.
When made from tropical cyclones, they can still have an eye (a place in the middle of a tropical cyclone that is not as windy, cloudy, or rainy).
European windstorms are sometimes made when wind from the northwestern part of the Atlantic carry them more east and north towards Europe.
Nor'easters often hit northeastern North America, and are made when it is cold, most often in late fall.
Wind from the west part of the Atlantic moves them north.
They become stronger, and drop snow on the areas it moves into.
When a nor'easter drops in pressure and become stronger, by more than one millibar every hour, it is called a weather bomb.
Hurricane Hazel was extratropical but still hurricane-level when it hit Toronto, for example.
Apart from the two Greek contestants, all the competitors had previously been active in other sports.
Weightlifting champion Launceston Elliot faced gymnastics champion Carl Schuhmann.
The latter won and advanced into the final, where he met Georgios Tsitas, who had previously defeated Stephanos Christopoulos.
Darkness forced the final match to be suspended after 40 minutes; it was continued the following day, when Schuhmann needed only a quarter of an hour to finish the bout.
1.
First, to reduce the chromosomes in each egg or sperm to one set only.
A baryton is a string instrument with many strings.
Israel is the only modern country with a Jewish majority, but there are Jewish minorities in many places in the world.
Most of them live in large cities in the United States, Argentina, Europe and Australia.
Both Israel and the U.S.
have over five million Jews.
In the Soviet Union there were more than two million Jews, but many of them moved to Israel, the U.S.
and other Western countries since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
In many different places, pancakes are served as breakfast or dessert, and they are served with sweet sauces or toppings such as maple syrup, jam, or sugar.
Pancakes are also served with savory (non-sweet) fillings and toppings such as meat pie.
In Hungary, palacsinta are made from flour, milk and soda water, sugar, and eggs.
They are served as a main dish.
They are also served as a dessert.
However, this depends on the filling.
Sweet wine can also be added to the batter.
Most relational databases follow the ACID principle.
ACID is expensive, which means that it takes the system enough time and other things to do it that it that some systems might not be able to.
Because it is expensive, many database systems that are not relational databases don't use the ACID principle.
Johann Nepomuk Hummel (born Pressburg November 14 1778; died Weimar October 17 1837) was an Austrian composer and pianist.
He was a child prodigy.
Mozart thought he was so talented that he taught him free of charge.
Hummel became one of the greatest pianists and composers in Europe.
He always wrote in a Classical style, he never became an early Romantic like Beethoven.
The words a, an and the are ignored.
Sometimes they are written at the end, after a comma.
Spaces and hyphens ( - ) are ignored, too.
A Sertoli cell is a cell found in the testes.
Its main function is to help the developing sperm cells through the stages of spermatogenesis - the process of turning stem cells into sperm.
It was also called the mother cell.
The cell also helps in the creation of stem cells.
Guiding light by internal reflection, the principle that makes fiber optics possible, was first demonstrated by Daniel Colladon and Jacques Babinet in Paris in the early 1840s.
John Tyndall, a physicist, demonstrated it during his public lectures in London, 12 years later.
Optical fibers can be used as sensors.
Special fibers are used for this, that change how they pass light through when there is a change around the fiber.
Sensors like this can be used to detect changes in temperature, pressure, and other things.
These sensors are useful because they are small and do not need any electricity at the place where the sensing happens.
These fibers are also used to carry light for humans to see.
This is sometimes used for decoration, like fiber-optic Christmas trees.
Sometimes it is used for lighting, when it is convenient to have the light bulb someplace other than where the light needs to be.
This is sometimes used in signs and art for special effects.
Pilosa is an order of mammals in the superorder Xenarthra.
In the 19th century, many people became more interested in embalming dead friends and relatives.
For example, sometimes a person might want to be buried at a far-away place.
However, first, the people who cared about them would want to see their body and pay their last respects to that person.
They could do this if the body was embalmed, because the body would not decay.
The trains can go 80 km/h, which is the fastest in Germany.
The U4 was named U9 at first.
It opened together with the U5.
The U5 was opened together with the U4.
Players are allowed to choose from a number of races and classes.
Orc : Have the ability to enrage increasing damage output, resistant to stun effects, pet damage increased, good with axes and fist weapons.
When a player gets to level 10, each level up afterward earns one talent point to be put into one of three class-specific talent trees.
Different classes have different types of talents that are divided into three talent trees, which are DPS (Damage Per Second), tanking (taking damage), and healing (healing damage).
Putting points into the DPS tree may make them do more damage to enemies, putting points into the tanking tree may make them take less damage, while putting points into the healing tree may make them heal for more damage.
However, a talent may not affect it directly.
Zatch Bell is main character of this story.
Kiyo Takamine is another main character of this story.
He is the partner of Zatch Bell.
And he is very cool.
Tia is one of Zatch's friends.
Megumi is one of Kiyo's friends.
She is the partner of Tia.
And she is a famous Japanese idol.
Some religious groups and teaching methods value learning by experiencing.
Norse or Scandinavian mythology is the belief and legends of the Scandinavian people.
Norse mythology is a version of the older Germanic mythology and was later replaced by Christianity for the most part.
J.R.R.
Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings was influenced by the myths of the Northern Europeans.
As it became popular, parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre.
In almost any modern fantasy novel, you can find Norse creatures like elves, dwarves, and giants.
Adenauer was the third of five children of a court secretary in Cologne.
His family was Catholic.
Konrad Adenauer started his political career in 1906 in the city assembly of Cologne.
From 1917 to 1933 and again in 1945 he was mayor of Cologne.
In the Parlamentarischer Rat of West Germany, he was one of the top politicians and the President.
He founded the CDU at the same time.
In 1949 he was elected as the first Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
From the mid-nineteenth century, Armenians faced large-scale land usurpation as a consequence of the sedentarization of Kurdish tribes and the arrival of Muslim refugees and immigrants (mainly Circassians) following the Russo-Circassian War.
In 1876, when Sultan Abdul Hamid II came to power, the state began to confiscate Armenian-owned land in the eastern provinces and give it to Muslim immigrants as part of a systematic policy to reduce the Armenian population of these areas.
This policy lasted until World War I.
These conditions led to a substantial decline in the population of the Armenian highlands; 300,000 Armenians left the empire, and others moved to towns.
Some Armenians joined revolutionary political parties, of which the most influential was the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF), founded in 1890.
These parties primarily sought reform within the empire and found only limited support from Ottoman Armenians.
Alexander Porfir'yevich Borodin (born St.
Petersburg October 12th 1833; died St.
Petersburg February 27 1887) was a Russian composer.
Like many Russian composers of the 19th century he was an amateur musician.
His main job was Professor of Chemistry at the University of St Petersburg.
He had to compose in his spare time.
When he was ill he had more leisure to write music.
He used to tell his friends: “Please do not say: ‘I hope you are well’, please say: ‘I hope you are ill’.
Borodin’s most famous opera is called Prince Igor.
He wrote many fine songs, chamber music and orchestral music, including two symphonies.
The Nocturne from his String quartet no 2 is especially well-known.
In his music, Borodin showed Russian power and the heoric characters.
His main means of expression was melody.
After that, he studied economy on the University of Frankfurt am Main.
In 1925 he finished his doctoral thesis.
Afterwards, he worked in his father's company.
After the Great Depression, the company went bankrupt.
Until 1949, he worked for the CDU, but joined still in 1963.
In 1949, he became Minister of Economics under Konrad Adenauer.
From 1957-1963, he was Vice Chancellor.
After Adenauer resigned in 1963, Erhard became the new chancellor.
Direct democracy, which is also called pure democracy, is a democracy in which the decisions are not taken by representatives.
All decisions are voted on by the people.
These are not gestures, because they are not voluntary, deliberate actions.
They are inherited automatic reactions or reflexes.
After this, Luke returns to Dagobah to conclude his training with Yoda, but learns he's dying.
In his dying breath, Yoda confirms that Darth Vader/Anakin is Luke's father and tells the young hero he must confront Vader once more to complete his Jedi training.
Luke then encounters the Force Ghost of Obi-Wan Kenobi, who also confirms Luke's origins and states he told the truth, from a certain point of view.
Obi-Wan assures Luke he must kill Vader but Luke refuses, believing he can still save his father.
After this, Luke learns that Leia is also his sister.
Luke, Han and Leia go to the moon of Endor to stop the Empire once and for all in their newly constructed Death Star II.
Upon reaching the Emperor's Throne Room, Luke learns his rebel friends are going into a trap and tries to kill the Emperor but is stopped by Vader.
Father and son duel once more, with Luke using the Dark Side to overpower Vader.
Realizing he's becoming the thing he swore to destroy, Luke denies his father's wishes of continuing the fight, but angrily lashes out at his father when the latter threatens to turn Leia to the Dark Side.
Luke carries his father's fatally wounded body to one of the shuttles as the Death Star II is about to be destroyed by the Rebel Alliance.
Luke removes Vader helmet and father and son share one last moment before Anakin succumbs to his wounds.
Unwillingly to let his father's body to rot in the explosion, Luke takes it with him.
While the rebels celebrate their victory on Endor, Luke cremates his father's body.
Full command of the Royal Navy is the job of Commander-in-Chief Fleet (CINCFLEET).
The purpose of CINCFLEET is to provide ships, submarines and commando forces for military and diplomatic jobs as needed by the Government.
CINCFLEET command headquarters are in Portsmouth; operational headquarters are at Northwood, Middlesex.
This is the Permanent Joint Headquarters and a NATO Regional Command.
Women have been in the Royal Navy since 1917.
From 1939 to 1993 they were part of the Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS) and were called Wrens.
Since 1993 they have been a part of the regular Navy.
The Royal Navy is an equal rights employer, with women having the same opportunities as their male counterparts.
In 2012 for the first time a female officer, Commander Sarah West commanded a major warship, HMS Portland.
HMS Albion (L14) is a Landing Platform Dock in the Royal Navy.
She and her sister ship, HMS Bulwark (L15) provide an amphibious landing capability for Royal Marines.
Each ship can carry up to 405 troops, 30 all-terrain armoured vehicles or six Challenger 2 tanks.
HMS Protector (A173) is the Royal Navy’s Ice Patrol Ship.
She primarily patrols the British Antarctic Territory but also serves in the nearby Falklands and South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands.
Masseria was shot to death in a restaurant in New York by Maranzano's soldiers; one of them was Vito Genovese, a man who would later become boss.
That was also the end of the Castellammarese War.
With the death of Masseria, Maranzano appointed himself the boss of the New York Mafia, who was called in Italian the Capo di tutti Capi, meaning Boss of all Bosses.
He called a meeting with the other mafiosi (Italian for Mafia members) from all over the US and made the rules that are still used today.
The bosses of the five families, particularly Luciano, began to grow tired of Maranzano's arrogance and how he ran the mafia.
Maranzano realized that and planned to have Luciano and his consigliere and underboss, Vito Genovese and Frank Costello, killed, as well as others.
Maranzano did not act quickly enough and was killed by men dressed as police officers on the orders of Luciano and his friend, a Jewish gangster from Florida named Meyer Lansky.
Luciano then became the head of the New York mafia but not how Maranzano had been.
He helped the five families run their business but he did not control them or call himself the boss of bosses.
The five families were kept.
Saint Lucia, Saint Lucia.
The first stations were opened 1935, May 15th.
There were routes from Sokolniki to Park kultury and to Smolenskaya.
First the Moscow metro had name after Lazar Kaganovich who was the had of Moscow Committee of All-Union communist party.
In 1957 he was exiled from the party, and the Moscow metro became be named after V.
I.
Lenin.
Jessica Simpson was born in Abilene, Texas.
She is the daughter of Tina Ann and Joseph Truett.
She has a sister whose name is Ashlee Simpson who is also a singer.
Miramax also produced many movies which made a lot of money.
The company became one of the leaders of the independent film revolution of the 1990s.
It produced or distributed seven movies that made more than $100 million at the box office.
Its most successful movie, Chicago, earned more than $300 million.
Coprophagia is the eating of faeces.
Many animals eat faeces, either their own or that of other animal groups.
It is particularly common in dogs and puppies of about six months old, but little is known why; lack of stimulus and variety in the lifestyle or diet have been cited as potential reasons.
Shetland (or the Shetland Islands) is an archipelago, the furthest out part of Scotland in the United Kingdom.
Martin Amis (25 August 1949 – 19 May 2023) was a Welsh novelist.
His best known novels include Money (1984), London Fields (1989), Time's Arrow (1991) and The Information (1995).
Every time the painting has been recovered anonymously and as a consequence nobody was accused of the theft.
This painting by Rembrandt is so well known that it would be difficult for a thief to take it again.
According to Lee Unkrich, one of the original editors of Toy Story, there was a scene that was cut out of the movie.
In this scene, Sid, after he leaves Pizza Planet, tortures Buzz and Woody violently.
Unkrich decided to cut right into the scene where Sid was interrogating the toys because the creators of the movie thought the audience would be loving Buzz and Woody at that point.
The queen lays an egg in each cell of the nests.
When it hatches the grub is fed regurgitated insects by the worker wasps.
In one group, the pollen wasps, grubs are fed pollen and nectar only.
Adult wasps eat only nectar.
A rhombus is a parallelogram with all sides equal in length.
A rhombus with all angles equal is called a square.
The word rhombus comes from the Greek word rhombos, meaning spinning top.
A rhombus is sometimes called a diamond, but not all rhombi are diamond shaped.
In the 60s, there were differences between the military and the Provisionals oriented rather Marxist-theory oriented Officials.
This resulted 1969 to re-divide into Provisional Irish Republican Army PIRA and the official group OIRA, which is strong in the civil rights movement-oriented.
The official wing of the IRA never formally dissolved, but is de facto since about 1980 is no longer relevant.
Only two small splinter groups held up at the last state of war: The Real IRA and the Continuity IRA.
When a car bomb attack the splinter group, which is called Real IRA, in August 1998, in Northern Ireland Omagh were a total of 29 people killed.
On 28 In July 2005, the end of the IRA's armed warfare.
All IRA-Soldiers have been instructed to lay down their arms, reads a statement from the IRA days, and continued: We believe that there is now an alternative way, (…) the British rule in our country to an end.On 26 September 2005, the complete disarmament of the IRA by the head of thedisarmament commission, Canadian General John de Chastelain, announced.
Two pastors, one Catholic, one Protestant were present at the destruction of weapons, no photographs or video was allowed to be taken as proof.
Jones maintains several websites and has created numerous documentary movies.
The 2-dimensional version of a Klein bottle is a Möbius strip.
Soybean oil has a component of oleic acid that can be used to make an insect repellent.
People with significant vision loss are called low vision or blind.
People with significant hearing loss are called deaf and/or hard of hearing.
The overall terms 'handicapped or 'challenged' are not considered appropriate (there is no distinction between physical or mental, acquired or inborn, because unless you're the disabled person, it's your choice to disclose and confirm whether this matters).
In the 1990s, a new form of heavy metal developed, called alternative metal.
Alternative metal combined thrash metal and grunge rock with hip-hop music and industrial music.
The personality of the Siberian Husky is friendly and gentle.
They are also alert and outgoing.
They do not act possessive like a guard dog.
They are curious, but they are not usually aggressive with other dogs.
A husky's intelligence, and friendly behavior make them a companion.
Thionville (Luxembourgish: Diddenuewen, German: Diedenhofen) is a city in northeast France, close to the Luxembourgian and German border.
It is on the left side of the Moselle River.
About 41,000 people were living there in 2014.
When a country, or a group of people, does not give prisoners of war their rights, they are committing a war crime.
However, punishing those war crimes has not always been easy.
Manioc (or Cassava, or Yuca, especially in Latin America) is a shrub.
It belongs to the Spurge family of plants and it grows in tropical climates.
It is cultivated for its edible root.
The manioc must be cooked properly to detoxify it before it is eaten as it contains cyanide, and can be used in dumplings, soups, stews and gravies.
Phishing can also be done over text using instant messaging apps such as Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp.
It can even be done using snail mail.
If someone gets a text from an unknown number that tells them to visit a specific website for any reason, it might be a phishing link.
Heath was a lifelong bachelor.
He never married.
His sexual orientation was a matter of dispute during his lifetime, and since.
There were rumours that he was gay.
Heath never spoke about his sexuality.
One Magic Christmas is a 1985 Christmas movie released by Walt Disney Pictures, starring Harry Dean Stanton and Mary Steenburgen.
The other cast is Gany Basaraba, Elisabeth Harnois, Arthur Hill, Wayne Robson, Elias Koteas, Michelle Meyrink, Sarah Polley.
Also, it states that the vapour pressure of each component in a binary solution containing volatile components is directly related to its respective mole fraction in the solution.
Relative going-down of vapour pressure is equal to mole fraction of non volatile and non-electrolytic solute.
This is known as Raoult's law.
Strontium forms salts which make a red flame when they burn.
They are used in flares for signalling the position of survivors or shipwrecks and to make the red color in fireworks.
In Arabic, caliph means a successor to the prophet.
This is what leaders of the Islamic faith came to be called.
Their rule is called a caliphate.
Jelly or Gelatin desert is a dessert item.
It comes in different taste choices, or flavors, depending on what fruit or artificial flavor has been added.
Jelly is a cold and solid food that is normally made from hot water and powder.
The powder is made from gelatin and various additives.
Douglas Spalding (1841–1877) was a British biologist who was the first to notice the effect called imprinting.
Instinct and imprinting were the first scientific concepts in ethology.
Edward managed to make a surprise attack at Kenilworth Castle, before moving on to cut off the earl of Leicester.
Edward responded by invading Scotland in 1296 and taking the town of Berwick in a particularly bloody attack.
At the Battle of Dunbar, Scottish resistance was effectively crushed.
Edward confiscated the Stone of Destiny – the Scottish coronation stone– and brought it to Westminster, deposed Balliol and placed him in the Tower of London, and installed Englishmen to govern the country.
The campaign had been very successful, but the English triumph would only be temporary.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (also Leibnitz or von Leibniz) 1 July 1 (21 June OS) 1646 – 14 November 1716) was a German intellectual who wrote mostly in French and Latin.
He played an important role in both philosophy and mathematics.
He invented calculus independently of Newton, and his notation for derivatives is the one in general use since then.
He also invented the binary system, foundation of modern computers.
He was taught law and philosophy.
He served as secretary to two major German noble houses: one became the British royal family while he served it.
Leibniz played a major role in the European politics and diplomacy of his day.
In philosophy, he is most remembered for optimism.
He thought our universe is the best possible one God could have made.
He was one of the great 17th century rationalists.
René Descartes and Baruch Spinoza are the other two.
His philosophy also both looks back to the Scholastic tradition and anticipates modern logic and analysis.
Leibniz also made contributions to physics and technology, and anticipated ideas which surfaced much later in biology, medicine, geology, probability theory, psychology, and information science.
He wrote on politics, law, ethics, theology, history, and philology.
Sometimes, he even wrote in verse.
His contributions are scattered in journals and in tens of thousands of letters and unpublished manuscripts.
There is no complete edition of Leibniz's writings, and a complete account of his accomplishments is not yet possible.
Leibniz is sometimes known as the last universal genius.
Ever since he was a young child he had shown great skills in mathematics and logic.
A worldwide area network, or WAN, is made up of several computer networks connected together, often over the Internet.
In most cases, the networks in WANs all belong to the all same company or school.
WANs are used to connect LANs and other types of networks together, so that users and computers in one location can communicate with users and computers in other locations.
Many WANs are built for one particular organization and are private.
Others, built by Internet service providers, provide connections from an organization's LAN to the Internet.
WANs are often built using leased lines.
At each end of the leased line, a router connects to the LAN on one side and a hub within the WAN on the other.
Leased lines can be very expensive.
Instead of using leased lines, WANs can also be built using less costly circuit switching or packet switching methods.
Network protocols including TCP/IP deliver transport and addressing functions.
Protocols including Packet over SONET/SDH, MPLS, ATM and Frame relay are often used by service providers to deliver the links that are used in WANs.
X.25 was an important early WAN protocol, and is often considered to be the grandfather of Frame Relay as many of the underlying protocols and functions of X.25 are still in use today (with upgrades) by Frame Relay.
Academic research into wide area networks can be broken down into three areas: mathematical models, network emulation and network simulation.
Schrödinger went to the Academic Gymnasium from 1898 to 1906.
He was a soldier in World War I.
Afterwards he got professorships in Zürich, Jena, Breslau and Stuttgart.
In 1920 he married.
After the take-over of power by the Nazis, Schrödinger left Germany and got a new professorship in Oxford.
In 1933 he was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Three years later he returned to Austria and became professor in Graz.
In 1938 he had to leave Austria, because the Nazis had taken over government.
In 1956 he returned to Vienna and got a professorship for Theoretical Physics.
Dioxins is the name for a group of chemical compounds.
These are organic compounds.
Polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs), or simply dioxins, are a group of halogenated organic compounds which are significant because they act as environmental pollutants.
They are very poisonous.
Many dioxins cause cancer.
Arnold Johannes Wilhelm Sommerfeld (December 5, 1868 in Königsberg, East Prussia – April 26, 1951 in Munich) was a German mathematician and theoretical physicist.
Then he went to Göttingen.
He became assistant at the institute for mineralogy, but was still interested in mathematical physics.
James Clerk Maxwell (born 13 June 1831 in Edinburgh – died 5 November 1879) was a Scottish mathematician, physicist and discoverer of Maxwell's equations.
Maxwell grew up in a rich religious family.
In 1845, when he was only 14, he wrote a paper describing a way of drawing mathematical curves with a piece of string.
In 1847 he started studying mathematics at the University of Edinburgh.
In 1850 Maxwell changed to Peterhouse and then Trinity College at the University of Cambridge.
He won prizes from the university for his work and was given his degree in 1854.
From 1855 to 1872 he did research on colour blindness.
Abuja () is a city in Nigeria.
It is the national capital of Nigeria.
Around 2.5 million people live there.
Abuja is in the middle of the country, in the center of the Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria.
It replaced Lagos, the country's most populous city but very small in size, as the capital on 12 December 1991.
Thallium makes chemical compounds in two oxidation states: +1 and +3.
The +1 state is more common and less reactive.
Its chemical compounds are very similar to potassium or silver compounds.
It makes a hydroxide that in a strong base when dissolved in water.
Most other transition metal and post-tranansition metal hydroxides do not dissolve in water.
This reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium(I) carbonate, which is also water-soluble and very heavy.
It is the only heavy metal carbonate that can dissolve in water.
Other compounds are similar to silver compounds.
Thallium(I) bromide turns yellow when exposed to light, similar to silver(I) bromide.
Thallium(I) sulfide is black, similar to silver(I) sulfide.
The +3 state compounds are oxidizing agents.
The black oxide, thallium(III) oxide and the hydroxide, thallium(III) hydroxide, are the only stable +3 compounds.
They break down to oxygen and thallium(I) oxide when heated.
Thallium and its compounds are rare because they are toxic and polluting.
The 2002 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XIX Olympic Winter Games, were held in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States from February 8 2002 to February 24 2002.
There were about 2,400 athletes from 77 nations.
They were in 78 events.
Utah was the fifth state in the United States to host the Olympic Games.
Climate can affect the way people live in many other ways.
It affects the types of animals that can live in any area, which affect the types of meats that are available to eat.
Palaeolithic people used stone tools.
Sometimes a stone tool was just a rock.
It might have been useful for smashing a shell or an animal's skull, or for grinding grain on another rock.
Other tools were made by breaking rocks to make a sharp edge.
The next development in stone tool making was to chip all the edges of a rock so that it made a pointed shape, useful for a spearhead, or arrow tip.
Some stone tools are carefully flaked at the edges to make them sharp, and symmetrically shaped.
Palaeolithic people also used tools of wood and bone.
They probably also used leather and vegetable fibers but these have not lasted from that time.
Palaeolithic people also knew how to make fire which they used for warmth and cooking.
There was a great difference between classes in this society, as there is today.
Most of the people were farmers but they did not own the agricultural products they produced.
These were property of the state, temple, or noble family that owned the land.
There was slavery, but it is not clear how it was practiced.
In 202 BC the Han Dynasty took over.
It was about as strong as the Roman Empire.
Towards the end of the Han Dynasty, Buddhism became influential in China.
Illyria is the part of west-south Balkan Peninsula populated by Illyrians whose descendants are Albanians.
Illyrians lived in tribunes such as Epirus, Dardania, Taulantia etc.
They had their own language, the Illyrian language that was different from the Greek language and Latin.
In 1336, two brothers named Harihara I and Bukka founded the Vijayanagara Empire in an area which is now in the Karnataka state of India.
The most famous king of this empire was Krishnadevaraya.
In 1565, rulers of this empire were defeated in a battle.
But the empire continued for about the next one hundred years.
The Heian period in Japan is famous for its art, poetry and literature.
The writing system, Kana, was developed.
It was followed by the feudal period (1185–1853) during which samurai and daimyos were the leading figures and the shogun the real monarch whereas the tennō had only a role as religious head.
Between the years 1272 and 1281 the Mongols tried to invade but were driven out by the Japanese.
Like the Ancient Greek, the Maya civilization was made of many independent city-states.
Agriculture was important around these city states like Tikal and Copán.
From 1644 to 1912 the Qing or Manchu Dynasty ruled China.
The dynasty was founded by the Manchu clan in northeast China (Manchuria).
It expanded into China proper and its surrounding territories, establishing the Empire of the Great Qing.
Still even during the period of seclusion, Japanese continued to gain information and knowledge about other parts of the world.
After the war the German Empire, the Russian Empire, the Ottoman Empire and Austrian Empire ended and France and Britain got weaker.
Of all the wars ever fought, World War II involved the most countries and killed the most people.
More than 60 million people died, making it the worst disaster of all time.
It lasted six years in Europe, from 1939 to 1945.
It was fought between the Axis Powers (Germany, Italy and Japan) and the Allied Powers.
At first the Axis Powers were successful, but that ended in Europe with the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943 and the invasion in Normandy in 1944.
But Hitler was able to pursue his plan to annihilate Jews nearly all over Europe.
Today, this plan is called the Holocaust.
Many professionals use inkjet printers to print on very large surfaces (up to 5m width).
These printers usually do not use cartridges, but have a continuous supply of ink that could last for a long time.
Standard-size (A4 or US Letter) printers with a continuous ink supply are also available.
No uses for lawrencium are known.
What lawrencium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight.
It is not uncommon for a Kempo artist to both use traditional Japanese and Chinese style techniques.
The difference lies in that because of the Chinese influence, the Japanese moves tend to emphasize more fluidity than most of the other Japanese styles.
And because of the Japanese influence, there is a stronger focus for shorter stances and movements than other Chinese styles.
Today, semiconductors are used far and wide.
Semiconductors can be found in nearly every electronic device.
Desktop computers, the Internet, tablet devices, smartphones all would not be possible without semiconductors.
Semiconductors can be made into very precise switches with a small amount of voltage.
The voltage that the semiconductor doesn’t need can be sent to other electrical components in the device.
Semiconductors can also be made very tiny and many of them can fit into a rather small circuit.
Since they can be made so small, electrical devices today can be made thin and lightweight without compromising processing power.
The first people from Europe came to Ballarat in 1837 to be sheep farmers.
They took over large areas of land, with some farms more than .
By 1840 there were more than 20 farms with thousands of sheep in the Ballarat area.
The city area was a farm owned by William Cross Yuille and Henry Anderson who arrived in 1838.
With brass instruments, the sound starts at the lips.
Arab sailors and nomads used to call this sea by different names, including the green sea, Bahre Fars, the ocean sea, the Hindu sea, the Makran Sea, the sea of Oman, among them the Zakariya al-Qazwini, Al-Masudi , Ibn Hawqal and (Hafiz-i Abru) They wrote: “The green sea and Indian sea and Persian sea are all one sea and in this sea there are strange creatures.
Ibn Khordadbeh, Ibn Sa'id al-Maghribi, Muhammad al-Idrisi, Istakhri, Mahmud al-Kashgari, Khashkhash Ibn Saeed Ibn Aswad, and Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi had mentioned the sea as Persian sea and Bahr e Fars.
A base is a substance that can accept a hydrogen ion (H+) from another substance.
A chemical can accept a proton if it has a negative charge, or if the molecule has an electronegative atom like oxygen, nitrogen, or chlorine that is rich in electrons.
Like acids, some bases are strong and others are weak.
The weak bases are less likely to accept protons, while the strong bases quickly take protons in solution or from other molecules.
Philippe Noiret (1 October 1930, in Lille, France – 23 November 2006 in Paris) was a well-known French actor.
He is probably best known for his role in Cinema Paradiso, and for playing Pablo Neruda in the film Il Postino.
He died on November 23, 2006 of cancer.
Ruth Handler was the creator of Barbie.
Her parents were Polish Jewish immigrants.
She was the tenth child.
Her husband, Elliot Handler was the founder of Mattel in 1945, which is the largest toy company in the world.
She originally wanted to name the doll Barbara, after her daughter, or Babs after her daughter's nickname.
However, both those names were copyrighted.
Barbie was first released on March 9, 1959 at a toy fair in New York after seven years of battling disagreements.
At the time, Mattel was the third largest toy company in the United States.
Ruth's display of Barbie was housed at the New Yorker Hotel in a hotel room, since so many businesses brought their toys to put on display.
She had to halt the projected production that she assumed she would acquire in business orders at the fair.
It was a disappointing day for Ruth and Barbie.
In March 1959, Barbie debuted as a teen fashion model on television with more positive response leading the way for the dolls popularity rise.
In the 1960s Barbie's friends joined the line up of fashion dolls.
Ken was her boyfriend and came to be in 1962.
The Ken doll got his name from Ruth's son.
Midge was her friend who was a redhead meeting the toy marketplace in 1963, a year after Ken.
Allen was Ken's friend.
Skipper was her little sister that was produced in 1964.
Tutti and Todd were her twin siblings were introduced in 1966.
Francie was her adult cousin.
In 1967, Francie was changed into the first black Barbie doll causing consumers to believe it reflected the support of interracial marriages.
Since this was during Civil Rights' time, she was not very successful.
Twelve months later Mattel introduced Christie, the second black Barbie, who was much more accepted.
Cara and Julia were also produced as Barbie's black friends.
The roles of Barbie evolved as equality for women's rights progressed.
The doll started in the 1960s portraying stereotypical female positions like teacher, stewardess, nurse, etc.
A series of novels were also written introducing Barbie and her birthplace in the 60's.
Bendable legs and swivel hips were introduced on Barbie in 1965.
Jack Ryan created them.
Children could purchase the new bendable Barbie's at a discounted rate if they wanted to trade in the old style in the 1970s.
Christie's black boyfriend, Brad was introduced in 1970.
The Barbie doll has been in competition with other toy companies' doll designs.
Ideal Toy and Novelty Company began making Tammy in 1962, American Character Doll Company challenged Barbie's sales in 1963 with Tressy, and Remco started producing the Littlechap Family in 1964.
However, none had the popularity of Barbie.
At the time of production, Tammy gave Barbie creators a financial scare.
She was based on a movie character played by Debbie Reynolds.
Instead of being surrounded with friends and boyfriends, the doll came with a mother and father, which might be why her popularity never surpassed Barbie's.
Barbie is a very big trend.
She has had many sisters, boyfriends, and friends.
She has dream houses and clothes.
She has many jobs from teacher to doctor to astronaut.
There have been many other dolls like Barbie since Barbie was first produced.
Barbie also created MyScene dolls, a spoof of Bratz.
The fact is the creator of Barbie, Ruth Handler, fought sexism and overcame her domesticated gender role to accomplish her goals in the business arena as a female by producing the world famous Barbie doll.
The original Parmesan cheese is one of the most expensive cheeses in the world.
Bora Bora is a small island in the Leeward group of the Society Islands of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.
Vaitape is the largest city on the island with 4,000 people.
There is an airport on an islet where residents can fly to other islands in French Polynesia.
The temperature of the crust increases with depth because of geothermal energy.
Where the crust meets the mantle the temperatures can be between 200 °C (392 °F) to 400 °C (752 °F).
The crust is the coldest layer because it is exposed to the atmosphere.
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements.
Pergamon is a very good example of Hellenistic architecture.
It started with a simple fortress on the Acropolis (a very big rock).
In parallel there subsisted a tradition of polychromatic figurative painting: the artists sought a greater variety of tints than in the past.
However, these newer colours are more delicate and do not support heat.
The painting occurred therefore after firing, contrary to the traditional practice.
The fragility of the pigments preventing frequent use of these vases, they were reserved for use in funerals.
The work on metal vases took on a new fullness: the artists competed among themselves with great virtuosity.
At Panagyurishte (now in Bulgaria), skilfully sculpted gold vases have been found: on an amphora, two rearing centaurs form the handles.
In Derveni, not far from Salonica, a tomb has provided a great krater with bronze volutes dating from approximately 320 BC and weighing 40 kilograms (Derveni krater).
It is decorated with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her procession of satyrs and maenads.
Drowning is a form of death caused by being suffocated with water or another liquid.
In terms of logic, this type of game is intransitive.
In the early 1980s, a new style of jazz fusion called pop fusion began being played.
This new style of pop fusion was softer and slower than fusion from the early 1970s.
Pop fusion was played a lot more on the radio than the fusion from the early 1970s.
Pop fusion musicians include Lee Ritenour, Al Jarreau, Kenny G, Bob James and David Sanborn.
Mimas is full with craters like our Moon.
But unlike the craters on the Moon, Mimas has icy craters like going through an icy object.
Mimas has craters, but the most famous is the Herschel crater.
It is 130 km (80 mi) in diameter.
The diameter of Herschel is about 1/3 of Mimas.
If a comet or asteroid that hit Mimas were to hit Earth, the crater would be seen from space with all the Earth shown in view.
Zuniceratops was a ceratopsian dinosaur.
It grew up to 13 feet (or 4 meter long.
His dinosaur family came from Asia.
There has also been a special five-dollar coin, made of aluminium/bronze and bi-metal, and there are many silver and gold bullion coins in bigger values.
These are not normally used, although they are legal tender.
Washing machines may load from the top or the front.
A recent cladistic analysis suggests that Minmi is the most basal known ankylosaur.
In May 2000 he was presented with a Lifetime Achievement award at the Sony Radio Academy Awards.
The sunflower is the state flower of Kansas.
That is why Kansas is sometimes called the Sunflower State.
Sunflower whole seed (fruit) are sold as a snack food, after roasting in ovens, with or without salt added.
Sunflowers can be processed into a peanut butter alternative, Sunbutter.
In Germany, it is mixed together with rye flour to make Sonnenblumenkernbrot (literally: sunflower whole seed bread), which is quite popular in German-speaking Europe.
It is also sold as food for birds and can be used directly in cooking and salads.
The cake remaining after the seeds have been processed for oil is used as a livestock feed.
Some recently developed cultivars have drooping heads.
These cultivars are less attractive to gardeners growing the flowers as ornamental plants, but appeal to farmers, because they reduce bird damage and losses from some plant diseases.
Sunflowers also produce latex and are the subject of experiments to improve their suitability as an alternative crop for producing hypoallergenic rubber.
Traditionally, several Native American groups planted sunflowers on the north edges of their gardens as a fourth sister to the better known three sisters combination of corn, beans, and squash.[9] Annual species are often planted for their allelopathic properties.
However, for commercial farmers growing commodity crops, the sunflower, like any other unwanted plant, is often considered a weed.
Especially in the midwestern USA, wild (perennial) species are often found in corn and soybean fields and can have a negative impact on yields.
A trial is where two people or two groups of people argue in a court.
In a civil trial, there is a plaintiff and a defendant.
The plaintiff tries to prove that he or she has a reason why the defendant needs to give him or her money.
The judge controls the courtroom.
He or she decides who speaks when, and they decide what evidence and arguments can be used.
Sometimes, a jury is brought in to determine whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty.
If there is no jury, the judge or judges decide whether the defendant is proven guilty or not.
If the defendant is proven guilty of the crime, the judge will decide the punishment, which is also called the sentence.
If the crime is serious, the defendant may go to prison or, in some countries, be executed.
For smaller crimes, there is often a fine—money that must be paid, in addition to having a criminal record.
How pterosaurs moved on the ground has been something of a mystery.
It is most likely that they walked on four legs while on the ground, perhaps awkwardly.
Fossil tracks have been found showing they used both their legs and hands to support themselves.
Whedon has said that more Serenity comics are planned for the near future.
May 9, 1662 is said by 'Professors' to be Punch's UK birthday, for that was the first known date on which the figure who later became Mr.
Punch was seen in Britain.
The diarist Samuel Pepys saw a puppet show using an early version of the Punch character near St.
Paul's Church in London's Covent Garden.
The darkness deepens; Lord with me abide.
Familiar, condescending, patient, free.
I need Thy presence every passing hour.
What but Thy grace can foil the tempter’s power?
Who, like Thyself, my guide and stay can be?
Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness.
Where is death’s sting?Where, grave, thy victory?
Shine through the gloom and point me to the skies.
The Valkyries (Old Norse: Valkyrjur, singular valkyrja - “choosers of the slain) are female figures in Norse mythology; they are a group of female warriors of Odin who do not get married.
Vintage cars - the title is given to vehicles manufactured between 1919 and 1930.
For some categories, the age range is up to 1925.
This early group flourished from the Upper Triassic to the end of the Jurassic.
When we first see them in the fossil record they have developed three families, so biologists know their early evolution is not yet revealed.
These three families are represented by the three genera Rhamphorhynchus, Dimorphodon and Eudimorphodon.
This sub-order was the earliest kind or pterosaur, which were succeeded by the more 'derived' short-tailed pterosaurs, the Pterodactyloids, such as Pterodactylus.
In the Upper Jurassic both the two sub-orders were extant (living).
Under the Tokugawa Shogunate, Bushidō became official Japanese Feudal Law.
For the period before statehood, see list of governors of California before 1850.
A hymn is a religious song of worship in Christianity, or a sacred song.
Collections of hymns are known as hymnals.
Many early hymns were taken from the Psalms.
Later hymns began to include ideas from other parts of the Bible.
Isaac Watts and Charles Wesley wrote many hymns.
In in more modern times, Fanny Crosby wrote many more.
Some hymns are prayers to God.
Others tell about God.
Songs which describe God or how people relate to Him are also called gospel songs instead of hymns.
The is a railway line that runs from Omiya station in Saitama Prefecture to Takasaki Station in the Gunma Prefecture.
It runs diagonally from south to north in Saitama prefecture and is owed and operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East Japan).
The national highway route 17 and its historical predecessor Nakasendo run near this line.
The fare between Takasaki and Omiya of the Takasaki line is 1280 yen.
The colors of the cars are green and orange.
So it looks similar to the Utsunomiya line.
The maximum speed of this train .
So it is possible to go Takasaki from Omiya in about an hour and a half.
Harold Godwinson was King Harold II of England (c.
1022 – 14 October 1066).
He ruled England after king Edward the Confessor died.
He ruled from 5 January 1066 until he was killed at the Battle of Hastings.
His death marked the Norman conquest of England and the end of Anglo-Saxon England.
Reflection is the change in direction of a wave at a boundary between two different media, so that the wave moves back into the medium it came from.
The most common examples include the reflection of light, sound and water waves.
As of , Big Brother has produced 508 winners in over 63 franchises.
An elevator or lift is a vertical transport vehicle that efficiently moves people or goods between floors of a building, ship or other structure.
They are generally powered by electric motors that either drive traction cables and counterweight systems, or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston.
Languages other than English may have loanwords based on either elevator (e.g., Japanese) or lift (e.g., Cantonese).
Lifts are a candidate for mass customization.
The history of the British Museum began with the Irish born British physicist Hans Sloane, who died aged 93 in 1753.
During his life, he had collected many important things from all around the world.
When he died, he did not want his collection to be split up between his relatives.
He sold his collection to the parliament of King George II.
The parliament set up the British Museum to hold the collection.
By the time he died, Sloane had collected over 80,000 objects from all over the world including Egypt, Greece, Rome and the Americas.
The collection was mostly books and manuscripts.
There were many important archaeological pieces included as well.
The government looked at many possible places to build the new museum, including Buckingham House, which later became Buckingham Palace.
Eventually a building called Montagu House was chosen.
The Museum opened on 15 January 1759, although all visitors had to be shown around by stewards.
Over the years the museum began to concentrate more and more on historical objects and sculptures.
For this reason they were given the Rosetta Stone by King George III in 1802.
The Rosetta Stone had previously been important to French historians trying understand the Hieroglyph language written by the Ancient Egyptians.
In 1816 the Museum acquired the Elgin Marbles from Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin.
Elgin had taken them from the Parthenon in Athens, Greece several years earlier.
Many people disagreed with the way Elgin took them from Greece.
They compared his acts to looting and vandalism.
People still argue about this issue today.
The Museums collection continued to get bigger over the following years, and more and more buildings were added to hold the new objects.
Important discoveries by people working for the British Museum included the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus by Charles Newton in 1857 and the Temple of Artemis in 1869.
Many things found at these sites were taken to the Museum, where they have remained ever since.
In 1852 the British Museum's famous round Reading Room was opened.
It had enough space to display a million books at once.
The collection continued to get bigger and bigger.
Eventually the Natural History Museum was set up in 1887 to hold the natural parts of the Museum's collection.
It was around this time that electric lights were first put in the Museum.
It was one of the first public places in England to do so.
In 1998 the central courtyard, which had been unused before, was turned into the Great Court with the Reading Room at its centre.
The Great Court has over 2 acres of space under its roof.
This makes it the largest covered public space in Europe.
It was opened by Queen Elizabeth II in January 2000.
This is a small example of a Python program.
It shows Hello World!
on the screen.
Python also does something called dynamic variable assignment.
This means that when a number or word is made in a program, the user does not have to say what type it is.
This makes it easier to reuse variable names, making fast changes simpler.
An example of this is shown below.
This code will make both a number and a word, and show them both, using only one variable.
He was influenced by Kant, Plato and eastern teachings, especially Buddhism and the Upanishads.
Schopenhauer believed that the primary characteristic, or essence of all things - including human beings - is not intelligence, rationality or spirit, but will.
By will he means a wanting and craving like that which we know in ourselves as our will.
It is the source of immense amounts of suffering in the world.
He also believed that a better consciousness could be attained by denying the fulfilment of our desires, taking time to think about who we really are and what we should do to avoid suffering - but also, in doing something few philosophers of his day spoke of: in making and looking at works of art, especially music, which he considered a way to escape from the world's pain and suffering.
Most members of the family are ambush predators: they stay motionless in a camouflaged position, and then strike suddenly at passing prey.
They wrap their body round the prey and squeeze.
To kill its prey, the python squeezes it to death, then swallows it whole.
Larger pythons can prey on animals as large as a full-grown deer.
In Africa, there are pythons that eat gazelles.
Most of their prey is much smaller than that.
Pythons may take several days or even weeks to fully digest prey.
After the end of World War II, the early name of the school was restored.
Ten alumni of University of Tokyo have received the Nobel Prize.
The bridesmaids are not necessarily women, they are people that walk down the aisle before one of the couple.
They often wear the same colour as the one or both of the couple and they might carry flowers.
Wrigley is a Canadian community in the Northwest Territories.
A longitudinal wave is a wave in which the particle movement is parallel to the direction of the wave propagation.
This means that the particles move left and right which in turn makes the other particles start to oscillate.
This creates a wave.
Longitudinal waves are also called pressure waves, and sound waves are the most common kinds.
The Tibetan language or Standard Tibetan is a Tibetic language spoken in Tibet, a region of China.
It is one of the many Han–Tibetan languages.
Grapes are grown in almost every part of Italy, with more than 1 million vineyards under cultivation.
Each region is proud of its carefully tended, neatly pruned vines.
This is the original four-wheel drive.
It was and still is designed for serious off-roading.
Common on full-time four-wheel drives are locking differentials.
These prevent one wheel slipping on the same axle if the other has traction.
These systems do not get good gas mileage due to their typical weight.
Microraptor was among the first non-avian dinosaurs discovered with the impressions of feathers and wings.
Three specimens of M.
zhaoianus have been described in detail, in addition to two specimens of M.
gui and three specimens of M.
sp.
described by Xu and colleagues in 2003, from which most feather impressions are known.
When cutting an onion, the cells of the onion start to open.
Then, some chemicals react.
When one chemical floats through the air and reaches your eyes, they sting.
A bacteriophage is a virus that infects bacteria.
The term is commonly shortened to phage.
Coronary artery disease, also called coronary heart disease, is a heart disease.
(Coronary means the blood vessels of the heart).
Coronary heart disease causes plaque to build up inside the coronary arteries.
This causes the coronary arteries to become narrower.
An artery is a blood vessel - a tube that carries blood.
After the heart supplies blood that is full of oxygen and nutrients, the arteries carry the blood to different parts of the body.
The coronary arteries are very important: they supply blood to the heart muscle.
So when the coronary arteries become narrower, less blood gets to the heart muscle.
Leek is a vegetable.
It belongs to the genus Allium.
This is the same genus as the onion and garlic.
It can be used for cooking.
Southern Europe is a region of the European continent.
The official definition of Southern Europe includes the Iberian Peninsula, Italian Peninsula and Balkan Peninsula.
Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece and all northern Mediterranean countries of the European continent are considered part of Southern Europe.
Geographically, Southern Europe would be the south half of the landmass of Europe.
This definition is relative, with no clear limits.
These dogs are also called bird dogs.
They are used by hunters who carry shotguns to hunt small animals.
Gun dogs come in three main classes.
The classes are retrievers, flushing spaniels, and pointing breeds.
The theme song, The Ballad of Serenity, was written by Joss Whedon and performed by Sonny Rhodes.
Whedon wrote the song before the series was approved by Fox.
An early recording done by Whedon can be found on the DVD release.
Copernicium (formerly Ununbium) is a chemical element in the Periodic Table.
It is also named eka-mercury.
It has the symbol Cn.
It has the atomic number 112.
It is a transuranium element.
The party was officially formed in 1906, just after the general election, as a successor of the Labour Representative Committee formed in 1900.
In 1918, the party made a new constitution with the commitment to socialism, or the socialization of the industry.
This could be found in Clause 4.
A swimsuit, bathing suit (sometimes shortened to bathers), or swimming costume (sometimes shortened to cozzie) is clothing designed to be worn for swimming.
Duralumin is an alloy made up of 90% aluminum, 4% copper, 0.5–1% magnesium, and less than 1% manganese.
There are different kinds of shelters and they are for used for different reasons.
Hotlinking is an internet term.
It means displaying an image on a website by linking to the website hosting the image.
The link gets the source data of the picture each time it is needed.
Black Elderberry has been found to be effective against the H5N1 strain of Avian Flu (Zakay-Rones et al.
1995).
Black Elderberry contains a unique compound called Antivirin® that can help protect healthy cells and inactivate infectious viruses.
When given to patients, scientists have found the Black Elderberry, has the ability to ward off flu infections quickly (Zakay-Rones 2004).
Black Elderberries are rich in anthocyanins which are a type of flavonoid – anthocyanins are antioxidants that may protect cells from free radicals and support your body’s immune system.
Rambutan is native to Indonesia.
Rambutan trees grow naturally in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines and elsewhere in Southeast Asia .
In meiosis, a cell divides twice, to produce four gametes (sex cells).
The first division of meiosis is a special kind of cell division called a reduction division because the number of chromosomes is halved.
The second division of meiosis is similar to mitosis.
In geography, temperate latitudes of the Earth lie between the subtropics and the polar circles.
Average yearly temperatures in these regions are not extreme, not burning hot nor freezing cold.
Temperate means moderate.
Angiosperms have a number of derived characters, which evolved as they split off from the gymnosperms.
Gymnosperms were and are almost entirely wind-pollinated, but early flowers were probably all insect-pollinated.
Some present-day flowering plants are wind-pollinated, but that is a secondary feature.
The fertilized angiosperm ovule develops into a seed, and the ovary develops into the fruit.
The fruit is often a way to use animals to spread the seeds far and wide.
The fruit is made out of the carpel and some tissue around it.
The carpel carries structures called ovules, inside which egg cells form.
In general, endosperms form after fertilization and before the first division of the zygote.
Endosperm is a highly nutritive tissue that can provide food for the developing embryo, the cotyledons, and sometimes the seedling when it first appears.
There are still some examples of Cretaceous angiosperms in the Daintree Rainforest: twelve primitive angiosperms (flowering plant) families: Cunoniaceae, Proteaceae (banksia and macadamia family), Winteraceae, Myrtaceae (eucalypt and Syzygium or lilly pilly), Monimiaceae, Rutaceae, Sapindaceae, Aquifoliaceae (holly family), Chloranthaceae, Trimeniaceae, Epacridaceae (heath family), Olacaceae.
These families of angiosperms have the longest continuous history with the Gondwanan landmass.
Kilimanjaro is also a strato-like volcano.
It has explosive eruptions.
The last major eruption was about 100,000 years ago.
killimanjaro is 5895 meters tall.
The muon has an average life time of 2.2 micro-seconds or 0.0000022 seconds.
As the Nazi party gained more and more power in Germany, it gave control of more important jobs (like law enforcement) to the SS.
Many SS organizations became as powerful as parts of the government.
The Nazi party decided that to help it keep its power, it needed to give the SS two even more important jobs.
One of these was to create and run the Sicherheitsdienst (SD), the Nazi security and intelligence service.
The other was to control the Geheime Staatspolizei (Gestapo): the SS secret police.
Because it was in charge of so many important things, the SS could do almost anything it wanted.
WWE's developmental brand NXT features its own set of championships.
Many shanty town settlements are built on the banks of rivers and as a result the residents suffer the effect of floods or from industrial toxins in the water.
Some are built close to rubbish dumps.
The sebaceous glands are microscopic (tiny) glands in the skin which produce an oily/waxy substance, called sebum, to lubricate (oil) the skin and hair.
In people, these glands are found in greatest amounts on the face and scalp, joined near the top inside hair follicles or sweat pores.
However, they are in all skin areas except the palms and soles (undersides) of the feet.
There are different kinds of these glands and sebum.
In the eyelids, meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears.
There are several related medical conditions, including: acne, sebaceous cysts, hyperplasia, sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma (see section below: Diseases).
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens.
In males, sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis, on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty.
This is however normal, not to be confused with an STD.
A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia.
The meerkat weighs about one and a half pounds, and the meerkat is ten to fourteen inches long.
The meerkat uses its tail to balance because it stands up on its back legs to look for predators.
Around the eyes are black patches that lessen the bright light that comes into them.
Meerkats have long claws that help them dig and fight.
The back of the meerkat is furry, and it has stripes to help it not be seen by predators.
The front side is black and has no fur because it needs to get warm in the morning to be ready for the day.
When a piece of music is in a major key, the relative minor means the minor key which has the same key signature.
It can be found by taking the sixth note of the first scale and playing a minor scale starting on that note.
For example: in C major the sixth note is an A.
Therefore, A minor is the relative minor of C major (C major and A minor share the same key signature: no sharps or flats).
The Jurassic started with all the continents together, 201.3 million years ago (mya).
This was the global supercontinent Pangaea.
It ended about 145 mya.
The boundary with the following Cretaceous period is not marked by any clear signs.
Twelve Naruto original video animations (OVAs) have been released.
Original word Riglee is derived from the Arabs in 622 BCE, which means two feet/foot numbers, length or mammalian organs from god.
The British that created Toronto the 6922 blue colour, made it mean more.
Blue color.
Blue Line International is an international maritime company.
They deal in the transportation of passengers and vehicles between Croatia and Italy.
Saint-Nicolas-de-Port is a town in France.
Trotskyism is the form of communism that is based on the ideas of Leon Trotsky.
Trotsky described himself as an orthodox Marxist.
This is a different way of seeing the ideas of Karl Marx than the way other communists like Mao Zedong and Joseph Stalin saw them.
The biggest difference is in Trotsky's idea that there needs to be an international permanent revolution.
Permanent revolution is the idea that proletarian revolution needed to spread in countries worldwide, even where capitalism was not as advanced as only the proletarian revolution could carry out the tasks of the unfinished bourgeois revolutions in these countries.
This is different to the Stalinist idea of trying to preserve a single nation's revolution from within.
Trotsky also supported a less authoritarian government and more democracy.
On January 18, 1952, Rhee declared South Korean rule over the waters around the Korean peninsula.
This was an idea the same as today's exclusive economic zones.
The new border, which Rhee called the Peace Line, included Tsushima Island and the uninhabited islands named Dokdo.
This led to protests from the Japanese government.
They claimed that the islands were Japanese territory.
Minor clashes followed, but the islands have been under South Korean administration since then.
Stronghold means castle or any other strongly fortified place.
The history of fortified buildings reaches from antiquity to modern times.
Compound intervals are intervals bigger than an octave e.g.
Each mode has a different pattern of tones and semitones (or “half tones) (see semitone).
tone, tone, semitone, tone, tone, tone, semitone.
Each mode also has a version called “hypo—“.
Sharp means that something can cut easily.
It was founded as the General German Workers Association (Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein) (ADAV) on May 23rd in 1863 in Leipzig.
Founder was Ferdinand Lassalle.
In the years between 1875 and 1890 it was made illegal by Otto von Bismarck.
After World War II, the SPD was reformed.
The SPD led some state governments in West Germany, but was always the leading opposition party in the Bundestag (federal parliament).
The SPD is traditionally the party of the workers in Germany.
Other than teaching HTML, Lissa Explains also has other services.
Lissa teaches HTML, JavaScript, CSS, how to use frames and tables, and how to make a trailing cursor.
In April 2008 the website for LissaMail expired, leading to the conclusion that this service is no longer being provided.
The series, which ran for nine seasons, was well known for its creative flashbacks and fantasies.
After the end of the GDR in 1990, the former Socialist Unity Party of Germany Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands (SED) changed to the SED-PDS and later to the Partei des Demokratischen Sozialismus (PDS).
Some people, who left the SPD and some people from Trade Unions founded the Electors Association for Work and Social Justice Wahlgemeinschaft Arbeit und Soziale Gerechtigkeit (WASG) in Western Germany.
Many students.
Several liberal parties have existed in Germany since the 19th century.
The FDP was founded in West Germany in September 1945 in the state of Hamburg.
It became member of the state parliament of Hamburg in its first election.
Similar liberal parties were founded in other German states, most of them successful in getting mandates.
On 11 December 1948 the FDP was founded as a liberal party for West Germany.
In its first years the main part of the party followed a national-liberal way.
Liberal in the economical field, but very conserative in most other fields.
It changed again in 1982, when the government crashed on Schmidt and elected Helmut Kohl of the CDU as the new chancellor.
It became more and more a single issue party with its only interest in a low tax tariff - especially for high incomes.
In 1998 it lost its power and became part of the parliamentary opposition.
According to the DSM-IV, the symptoms of DID are the presence of two or more distinct identities or personality states (which are often called alters), as well as forgetting things that people normally don't forget.
Also, the symptoms cannot be caused by drugs or normal childhood play.
People can report having a lot of alters, or just a couple.
Most people diagnosed with DID have less than ten, though some have said they have several thousand.
A person diagnosed with DID cannot be diagnosed with another dissociative disorder.
Because people with DID hear voices of different alters, it may be confused with schizophrenia.
However, the two problems are very different and doctors can usually tell if a patient has DID or schizophrenia by asking the right questions.
DID is always diagnosed by what patients tell their doctors and what the doctor thinks this means.
There are no objective tests using blood or machines that can tell if someone has DID.
Though people have tried diagnosing and studying DID using medical imaging or brain scanning.
In the civil law systems personal property is often called movable property or movables - any property that can be moved from one location to another.
This term is in distinction with immovable property or immovables, such as land and buildings.
The Royal Canadian Air Cadets is a program for Canadian youth.
It is supported by sponsors in the community and Canada's Canadian Armed Forces funded by the Department of National Defence.
There are about 450 Air Cadet squadrons, located in every province and territory in Canada.
The two other cadet programs for youth in Canada are the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and the Royal Canadian Army Cadets.
Chamberlain worked hard to help improve the slow economy.
The government bought factories that were not being used and spent money on making them new again.
That idea helped after the war started because Britain had the most modern equipment.
When he announced (told the public about) his budget (plan for the economy) in 1935, the Labour Party said that he wanted war, but other people still said that he was not doing enough to build the military.
In 1936, the government announced plans to build the Royal Navy.
Because humans have complicated brains, their use of threats may be deliberate, and may be spoofs or jokes.
Humans make threats verbally, but words are not automatic.
If I tread in your toe, you may say Ow by reflex.
That's not a threat.
But if I say do that again, and I'll (whatever), that's a threat.
Promotion as part of marketing means spreading information about a product, product line, brand, or company.
The treble clef is drawn by starting with a circle in the middle, then going up, round and straight down with a hook at the end.
The second line of the staff (counting from the bottom) goes through the middle of the treble clef’s circle.
A note on this line is a G.
This is why the treble clef is called a “G clef.
In choral music the sopranos and altos sing from the treble clef, the tenors usually sing from the treble clef but sounding an octave lower than written (shown by a small 8 below the clef), and the basses sing from the bass clef.
The main towns and cities in Yorkshire are Leeds, York, Sheffield, Bradford, Middlesbrough, and Hull.
It is the largest county in the United Kingdom.
It covers just under with a population of over 5.7 million people.
Yorkshire's People (Yorkshiremen & Yorkshirewomen) call her God's Own Country, as the 1st Christian Roman Emperor, Constantine The Great, was crowned in the city of Eboracum, modern day York.
In the Java programming language, linear search looks like this.
This method has two parameters: an array of integers and the item we are looking for (also an integer).
It says the location in the array if it finds the item.
If it does not find it, it says -1.
In programming languages, an array is a way of storing several items (such as integers).
These items must have the same type (only integers, only strings, ..).
because an array can not store different kinds of items.
Every item in an array has a number so the programmer can get the item by using that number.
This number is called the index.
When the programmer creates an array, they must give the size of the array.
This is the number of items that can be stored in the array.
If the programmer wants to store more items, then they must create a new array.
This creates an array of integers and it can store 5 integers.
This creates an array of integers and it can store 5 integers.
Pasta is a food made from flour, starch and water.
It is usually cooked in hot water before being eaten.
Pasta has been very popular in Italy and has also been eaten in many parts of Asia for a long time.
The Sea of Japan has a shallow area in its center, called the Yamato Bank.
Water here is less than 1,000 meters deep.
It has three major sea basins: the Yamato Basin in the southeast, the Japan Basin in the north, and the Tsushima Basin in the southwest.
These three surround the Yamato Bank counterclockwise.
Since 1992, South Korea has asked the world to use the names East Sea or Sea of Korea instead of Sea of Japan.
Maria Salomea Skłodowska–Curie (Marie Curie) (7 November 1867 – 4 July 1934) was a Polish physicist and chemist.
She did research on radioactivity.
She was also the first woman to win a Nobel Prize.
She was the first woman professor at the University of Paris.
She was the first person to win two Nobel Prizes.
She received a Nobel Prize in physics for her research on uncontrolled radiation, which was discovered by Henri Becquerel.
Some people think that the English Language Wikipedia shows bias and unfairness.
Editors of reference works such as the Encyclopædia Britannica have questioned Wikipedia's utility and status as an encyclopedia.
An example of bias is that around 90% of Wikipedia editors are male.
Other people think that Wikipedia is more useful than other encyclopedias because it is large and can be updated quickly.
This waste heat can be re-used if a cogeneration system is used.
It is hard to use waste heat because it is difficult to transport the heat to another place, and it is difficult to store the heat for use at another time.
Each pixel (block) of an LCD is made of a thin layer of molecules between two electrodes and two polarizing filters.
The electrodes provide electric power to the liquid crystal layer, and don't block the light.
Light travels with 'polarity' or direction, and a polarizing filter only lets light with one kind of polarity to go through it, like trying to slide a ruler through a narrow opening.
Only when the ruler is lined up right, will it fit.
These two filters are perpendicular to one another, so the narrow openings are in different directions.
This means that without the liquid crystals between them, they would block all light from passing through – whatever light gets through the first filter will not fit through the second filter.
Body language may provide clues as to the attitude or state of mind of a person.
For example, it may indicate aggression, attentiveness, boredom, a relaxed state, pleasure, amusement, and intoxication.
Body language is not spoken, so you have to be careful how you interpret it.
A certain movement or facial expression may be quite meaningful, or it may mean nothing at all.
As a starting point, the following sections give with some common body language terms and their generally-accepted meanings.
Good eye contact - Looking in the other person's eyes, particularly when they are speaking, indicates interest in that person.
Proper eye contact involves looking away occasionally to avoid staring.
Nodding agreement - When nods are used to punctuate key things the other person has said, they signal agreement, interest and understanding.
However, continual unconscious bobbing of the head usually indicates that the listener is tuning out.
Gesturing warmly - Talking with hands, particularly with palms open, indicates involvement in the conversation and openness to the other person.
The Incredibles is a 2004 animated movie.
It was written and developed by Brad Bird, who once directed The Simpsons and was best known for directing the animated movie The Iron Giant.
The movie was produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and has won an Academy Award.
The Incredibles was originally developed as a traditionally-animated movie, but after Warner Bros.
shut down its animation division, Brad Bird moved to Pixar and took the story with him.
5.
Perseverance of the saints (also known as Once saved, always saved or Eternal Security): This point emphasizes the belief that those who are chosen by God, called, and regenerated will continue in faith and ultimately be saved.
This means that once a person is truly saved, they cannot lose their salvation.
Home versions soon started being made and they were also popular, with adverts in places like Needlecraft, Woman's Home Companion, Modern Priscilla and the Sears catalog.
These disappeared in the 1920s, as their appearance in pornography made it harder for polite society to avoid the sexual connotations of the devices.
Analysis of human bodies found at an ancient cemetery near Abingdon, England, shows that Saxon immigrants and native Britons lived side-by-side.
The Romano-British population (the Britons) was assimilated.
The settlement (or invasion) of England is called the Saxon Conquest, or the Anglo-Saxon or English Conquest.
The Wars of the Roses ended with the victory of Henry Tudor, who became king Henry VII of England, at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485, where the Yorkist king, Richard III was killed.
Elizabeth died without children who could take the throne after her.
Her closest male Protestant relative was the king of Scotland, James VI, of the house of Stuart, so he became James I of England, the first king of the entire island of Great Britain, although he ruled England and Scotland as separate countries.
Super Mario Bros.
is a video game made by Nintendo in 1985.
It is played on the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).
The game is the sequel to the game Mario Bros.
In Super Mario Bros., Mario goes to the Mushroom Kingdom.
There, he must save Princess Toadstool (later Princess Peach) from Bowser.
Players can also use Luigi in two-player mode.
The game was made by Shigeru Miyamoto.
The music was made by Kōji Kondō.
The conclusion of the BOR were that the constitution will work and America will be successful.
Many arrive with little money and so cannot buy or rent a house, even if one is available.
They must usually make a temporary shelter with cheap or use materials.
Some give up and go home.
In the new country, they often are not integrated and are treated like an underclass.
However, they are needed even if the local population does not like immigrants because they compete for the same jobs.
The Proto-Indo-Europeans migrated many times between 4000 and 1000 BC, according to the Kurgan hypothesis.
In the early 1900s, Białystok was reputed to have the largest concentration of Jews of all the cities in the world.
In 1931, 40,000 Jews lived in the city, nearly half the city's inhabitants.
There are many different types of omelette, often with different names, depending on what is used as a filling.
He was born in Şebinkarahisar, Ottoman Armenia (present-day Giresun Province, Turkey).
After losing his wife and son at an early age, he joined the Armenian freedom movement in the Ottoman Empire, and participated in various political parties.
Andranik participated in the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913, within the Bulgarian army, alongside general Garegin Njdeh as a commander of Armenian auxiliary troops of 1912-1913.
After his arrest and jailed; he spent some time in Istanbul.
During World War I, he participated in the Caucasus Campaign and was appointed as general of the Armenian volunteer units of the Russian army.
He participated in 20 different offensives where he gained fame due to his courage and the tactics he came up with to defeat the opposing forces.
After declaration of Democratic Republic of Armenia (DRA), he organized volunteer units against the Ottoman army, and fought alongside those units.
Declaration of Treaty of Batum was in diffuse as Andranik, was fighting against the Ottoman Empire with his army.
He refused to accept the borders stated by the treaty.
His activities were concentrated at the link between Ottoman Empire to Azerbaijan Democratic Republic at Karabakh, Zanghezur and Nakhichevan.
Ozanian struck back at the Ottoman Fronts, Army of Islam.
Andranik, tried several times to seize Shusha.
Just before the Armistice of Mudros was signed, Andranik was on the way from Zangezur to Shushee, currently called Shusha.
control the main city of Nagorno-Karabakh, historically called Artsakh.
In January 1919 Armenian troops advancing, the British forces (Lionel Dunsterville) ordered Andranik back to Zangezur, and gave him the assurances that this conflict can be solved with the Paris Peace Conference, of 1919.
The dispatcher had seen what happened and tried to hold the train back with emergency signals, but he failed and the train disappeared behind a curve.
He went into his office to call the station in Wuppertal-Beyenburg, but the passenger train had already left Beyenburg.
The dispatcher knew what would happen, and called the police.
Meanwhile, about 800 metres north of the station, the two trains crashed.
The passenger train was crushed to 1/3 of its length, because it consisted of light railbuses and the freight train locomotive was five times as heavy.
Karikala Chola was the most famous early Chola.
He is mentioned in a number of poems in the Sangam poetry.
European settlements began to appear in the Tamil country during the Vijayanagara Empire.
In 1605, the Dutch established trading posts in the Coromandel Coast near Gingee and in Pulicat.
The British East India Company built a 'factory' (warehouse) at Armagaon (Durgarazpatnam), a village around 35 miles North of Pulicat, in 1626.
The discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war.
Although the rebellion had a huge impact on the colonial power in India, Tamil Nadu was mostly unaffected by it.
Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka during the 1970s and the 80s saw large numbers of Sri Lankan Tamils fleeing to Tamil Nadu.
On historical instruments and some non-European instruments, pieces of string tied around the neck are frets.
A Sock puppet is a simple type of made with a sock.
Most sock puppets have some fabric or plastic facial features added to the sock, such as eyes or a mouth.
Some sock puppets may also have accessories such as a hat or clothing.
Sock puppets are operated by putting a person's hand inside the sock.
Eric Rudolph, a Christian fundamentalist, bombed the Centennial Olympic Park on July 27.
Alice Hawthorne was killed in the explosion when a nail from the bomb penetrated her skull.
Melih Uzunyol, a Turkish cameraman, had a fatal heart attack while running to the scene.
The bomb wounded 111 others.
These were the top 10 teams at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Berners-Lee now leads the World Wide Web Consortium.
That is an organization that looks after the World Wide Web.
He is the author of the book Weaving the Web.
He is a director of The Web Science Research Initiative (WSRI), and a member of the advisory board of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence.
In April 2009, he was elected as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, based in Washington, D.C.
In 1999, Time Magazine named Berners-Lee one of the 100 Most Important People of the 20th Century.
Talking Heads was a rock band from the United States.
The band first became popular in the late 1970s.
But it was in Berlin too where the Prussian king Frederick William refused to become emperor of a united German state.
On June 19, 2007, Google CEO Eric Schmidt was in Paris to launch the new localization system.
The interface of the website is available with localized versions in 104 countries, and a worldwide version.
Jórvík was the Viking name for the English city of York and the kingdom centred there.
If a ridiculously high dose of cannabis is consumed such as in edibles in doses of a gram +/-, then the user can technically overdose, although it isn't lethal.
In 1929 at the École Normale, he met Simone de Beauvoir, who studied at the Sorbonne.
She went on to become a noted philosopher, writer, and feminist.
The two became inseparable and lifelong companions.
In 1938, Sartre wrote the novel called La Nausée (Nausea).
This story explains the way of thinking of existentialism.
Existentialism is a way of thinking about human freedom.
In 1939 Sartre was drafted into the French army.
France was at war with Germany, because Germany had invaded France (World War II) Sartre was captured by German troops in 1940, and Sartre spent nine months as a prisoner of war in a camp.
Sartre was released from the prison camp (jail) in 1941.
He then began working as a teacher again.
He made friends with other writers and thinkers such as Merleau-Ponty, Jean-Toussaint and Dominique Desanti, and Jean Kanapa.
In 1945, Sartre started a newspaper called Les Temps Modernes (Modern Times), which had articles about politics, art and literature.
He also began writing a group of novels (stories) called Les Chemins de la Liberté (The Roads to Freedom).
In 1946 Sartre wrote a book about philosophy (ways of thinking) called Existentialism is a Humanism, which explains existentialism.
In the 1950s and 1960s, Sartre became involved in politics.
Sartre said that France should leave Algeria, a country where France had many soldiers.
In the 1960s, Sartre said that the Vietnam War was bad.
In 1960, he wrote the Critique de la raison dialectique (Critique of Dialectical Reason).
In the 1960s, Sartre had many arguments with Louis Althusser, a man who also believed in communism.
Wesermünde received another name and was called Bremerhaven from 1947, and the station received the new name too and was now called Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof.
That means Bremerhaven Central railway station, and it was called that way because it was now in the middle of the new, large city.
It is usually made of metal such as gold, silver, platinum, but can be made of other things, for example, bone or glass.
Many rings have gemstones on them, for beauty and decoration on your finger.
It is a fashion accessory and sometimes a sign of importance (status).
The Lord Chancellors of England were given a ring when taking office, and returned it when leaving the position.
The ring identified them as the second most important person in the kingdom.
While York ran the country, he locked his enemy Somerset in the Tower of London.
Henry recovered in 1454 and began to run the country again.
He let Somerset out and gave him back his position.
York and his supporters then became afraid that the king and Somerset would have them executed.
Friedrich Kellner wrote the diary to expose the crimes of the Third Reich.
He believed his diary could serve as a warning for future generations to oppose dictatorships and their totalitarian ideology.
After the war, Friedrich Kellner helped to reestablish the Social Democratic Party.
He became chairman of the Laubach branch.
He retired from politics in 1960, at the age of seventy-five.
The Borg are a fictional race of organic cyborgs in the Star Trek universe which have formed over thousands of years.
The Borg use nanoprobes to assimilate others, like humans or vulcans, into their group consciousness.
The only exception to assimilation are races either too primitive to assimilate (who are ignored) or races too dangerous to assimilate (who are destroyed).
The Borg's group consciousness is led by the Borg queen, who's role is similar to that of a queen bee in a bee hive.
Foxe was born in Boston, Lincolnshire, England into a prominent family.
In 1535 Foxe was admitted to Magdalen College School.
He became a fellow in July 1539.
In the fall of 1554 Foxe moved to Frankfurt, where he lived with Anthony Gilby in the English colony of Protestant refugees.
In 1559, when Mary I had died Foxe returned to England.
He lived for some time at Aldgate, London, in the house of his former pupil, Thomas Howard.
Foxe started publishing works of religious controversy and worked on a new martyrology, which would become the Foxe's Book of Martyrs.
Two major canals - the Oxford and the Grand Union — join in the county at Braunston.
A branch of the Grand Union Canal connects to the River Nene in Northampton.
Two trunk railway routes, the West Coast Main Line and the Midland Main Line traverse the county.
An Earl (or Jarl) was a title for nobility used by Anglo-Saxons and Scandinavians.
It originally meant chieftain and it referred especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king's stead.
In Scandinavia, it stopped being used in the Middle Ages, whereas, in Britain, it became synonymous with the continental count.
Many species are known as gum trees because they put out lots of sap from any break in the bark.
The woody fruits are called gumnuts.
They are roughly cone-shaped and open at one end to release the seeds.
The bark dies every year.
In smooth-barked trees most of the bark falls off the tree, leaving a smooth surface that is often colourfully marked.
With rough-barked trees the dead bark stays on the tree and dries out.
Many kinds of eucalyptus trees have smooth bark at the top but rough bark lower down.
These different kinds of bark are used to arrange the eucalypts into groups – this is useful because there are hundreds of kinds of eucalypts, and breaking down the group in this way makes the group easier to understand.
Eucalypts grow back quickly after fire.
From 19th January 1942 to 2nd May 1942 there was a comic magazine called “The Gleam.
In this magazine once it said that Minnie’s real name was Minerva Mouse.
But the Walt Disney head office said that there is no register about her real name as Minerva.
There is not much information about Minerva, but she is similar to Minnie’s character.
Therefore, many people misunderstood that Minerva was Minnie’s real name.
Formally Minnie’s name is only registered as “Minnie Mouse.
However some sources say that Minerva is Minnie’s real name, and that Minnie’s full name is Minerva “Minnie Mouse.
The Sea of Galilee is on the ancient Via Maris road which linked Egypt with the northern empires.
The Greeks, Hasmoneans, and Romans started towns and settlements here: Gadara, Hippos, Tiberias and others.
The 1st century historian Flavius Josephus wrote of a large fishing industry at this time, with 230 boats regularly working in the lake.
In 1923 an agreement between the United Kingdom and France set the border between the British Mandate of Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria.
The British gave the southern Golan Heights to the French in return for the northern Jordan Valley.
The border was drawn again so that both sides of the Jordan river and the whole of the Sea of Galilee, including a 10-meter wide strip along the northeastern shore, were made a part of Palestine .
The 1947 UN Partition Plan put this area inside the Jewish state.
Caesarion spent the first two years of his life, from 46 to 44 BC, in Rome.
He and his mother, Cleopatra, were guests at Juilius Caesar’s villa (Horti Caesaris).
Cleopatra wanted her son to become the leader of both the Roman Republic and Egypt after his father, Caesar.
When Caesar was killed on March 15, 44 BC, Cleopatra and Caesarion went back to Egypt.
At the age of three, Cleopatra made Caesarion the ruler of Egypt with her on September 2, 44 BC.
When Caesarion went back to Egypt, Octavian killed him around 30 BC.
A freeze is a technique where the dancer suddenly stops, often in an interesting or balance-intensive position.
Freezes often incorporate various twists of the body into stylish and often difficult positions.
The two-step move sets up the direction of movement and builds up momentum when dancing.
This move allows the dancer to stay low and in contact with the ground, which places him in a good position for performing other dance moves.
As such, the two-step is often one of the first moves a break-dancer learns and it leads onto the 6-step.
Washington, D.C.
does use Daylight Saving Time (DST).
Rubik was a lifelong student who referred to himself as a ‘bibliophile.’ He began his education at the Secondary School of Fine and Applied Arts, where he received his high school diploma.
He had always been interested in architecture and sculpture, and in 1962 he enrolled in Budapest University Of Technology.
He received his bachelor's degree in art from there in 1967.
He continued his academic education in 1967 by enrolling in the Hungarian Academy of Applied Arts, where he graduated in 1971 and later became a faculty member and designer at the same university.
All of these schools and colleges, according to Rubik, helped him mold his life and give him a sense of purpose.
He also believes that schooling is critical for a human being since it allows them to practice, think, and learn.
Vegeta also known as Prince Vegeta IV is a fictional character from the manga Dragon Ball created by Akira Toriyama , where he is firstly introduced as an antagonist alongside his companion Nappa for Goku.
Later in the story he became an ally for Goku and his friends, even if he develops a friendly rivalry with Goku.
He also marries Bulma and he becomes father of Trunks and Bulla.
Ian MacKaye, Jeff Nelson, bassist Brian Baker, and guitarist Lyle Preslar formed Minor Threat in 1980.
Their first records were Minor Threat and In My Eyes in 1981.
The group toured through the United States.
How many minutes, on average, do you spend eating breakfast?
What is your favorite color?
An implied warranty is one that arises from the nature of the transaction, and the understanding by the buyer.
Ferrous is an adjective coming from the Latin ferrum (iron).
One uses this word to indicate the presence of iron, mostly in metallurgy or related industries.
If a person with ventricular fibrillation is treated right away, treatment is 90% successful (it works in 9 out of 10 people).
But treatment gets 10% less successful after every minute (so if treatment starts after one minute, it will work in only 8 out of 10 people.
After 5 minutes, it will work in only 4 out of 10 people).
So getting treatment as soon as possible is very important.
If a person cannot be treated with medicine or a defibrillator right away, CPR will help keep blood and oxygen flowing through the person's body until treatment arrives.
Shear stress is relevant to themotion of fluids upon surfaces, which result in the generation of shear stress.
Any doctrine or philosophy that believes that the universe and everything in it is God is said to be pantheistic.
Most pantheists believe the universe is sacred and the earth and nature are divine.
Panentheism is the belief that the universe is part of God.
Followers believe that one or more gods are both part of the universe and greater than it.
To some people, this is a very confusing concept (idea) and was first created by philosophers in the early centuries AD.
Bosconian is a video arcade game made by Namco in 1981.
The player moves a spaceship and tries to destroy space stations.
There are also other things in space that the player has to destroy to get to the space stations.
The game was later used on many of the early personal computers.
The Tsar's children lived very simply.
They slept on hard camp cots without pillows when they were healthy, took cold baths in the morning, and had to clean their rooms and sometimes sew.
Most of their servants usually called Anastasia by her first name instead of calling her Her Imperial Highness.
Sometimes they called her Anastasie, Nastya, Nastas, or Nastenka.
Anastasia was also called Malenkaya, meaning little (one), or shvibzik, the Russian word for imp.
Anastasia's playful behavior was often punished.
According to Gieb Botkin, in naughtiness she was a true genius.
He was the son of the court doctor Yevgeny Botkin, who later died with the family at Ekaterinburg.
Anastasia tripped the servants, tricked her teachers, and climbed trees and refused to come down.
Once at a snowball fight, she rolled a rock into a snowball and threw it at her older sister, Tatiana.
Princess Nina Georgievna, Anastasia's cousin, said that Anastasia was nasty to the point of being evil.
She said that Anastasia would get angry when her friends won games, or when the younger Nina was taller than she was.
She also cared less about her looks than her sisters.
Hallie Erminie Rives, an American writer, described how Anastasia ate chocolates without taking off her white opera gloves at the St.
Petersburg opera house when she was 10-years-old.
In the spring of 1910, Maria Ivanovna Vishnyakova, a royal governess, said that Rasputin had raped her.
The empress did not believe her, saying that everything Rasputin does is holy.
Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna was told that they had made an investigation to see if what Vishnyakova said was true, but that they caught the young woman in bed with a Cossack of the Imperial Guard.
Vishnyakova was kept from seeing Rasputin after she claimed that he raped her.
She was fired in 1913.
In 1991, the place where the Imperial family and their servants were supposedly buried as found in the woods outside Yekaterinburg.
It had actually been found almost ten years earlier, but had been kept hidden by the people who discovered it.
They did not want the Communists, who still ruled Russia at that time, to know where the grave was.
The grave only had nine bodies instead of 11.
DNA and studies on their skeletons showed that they were the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, his wife, and three of the Grand Duchesses (Olga, Tatiana, and Maria).
The other remains had different DNA.
They were the bodies of the family's doctor (Yevgeny Botkin), valet (Alexei Trupp), cook (Ivan Kharitonov) and Alexandra's maid (Anna Demidova). Dr.
William Maples decided that the Tsarevitch Alexei and Anastasia's bodies were missing.
Russian scientists did not agree with this.
They claimed that it was the body of Maria was missing, not Anastasia's.
The Russians used a computer program to compare photos of Anastasia with the skulls from the grave.
When some of the pieces of bone in the skulls were missing, they guessed how long or wide it was instead.
American scientists thought this way of studying the bodies was wrong.
In 1956, a movie called Anastasia was made.
Ingrid Bergman acted Anna Anderson, Yul Brynner was General Bounine (a fictional character based on several real men), and Helen Hayes as the Dowager Empress Marie, Anastasia's grandmother.
The movie is about a woman from an asylum who came to Paris in 1928 and was captured by some Russian émigrés who use her so that they can fool Anastasia's grandmother into thinking Anderson actually is her granddaughter.
This is because they want to get a Tsarist fortune.
After some time, they begin wondering if Madame A.
Anderson really is the missing Grand Duchess.
She sang first in Pigalle, then in Le Gerny, the nightclub of Louis Leplée near the Champs-Élysées.
According to this picture, the creation of photons is to be viewed like the plucking of a guitar—as a sudden increment in the excitation of one of the modes of vibration.
Her parents had moved from Belarus to protect themselves from the Chernobyl nuclear accident.
The Sharapov family moved again in 1989, when Maria became interested in tennis, when watching her father play, and played tennis with a second-hand racquet.
She would practice tennis by hitting the tennis ball against the wall every day, and her dad soon noticed that she was very good at the sport.
Hungarian Vizsla's have a dark gold coat.
Some dogs may also have small white marks on their feet and/or chest.
Amelia Mary Earhart (born July 24, 1897 – disappeared July 2, 1937, declared dead January 5, 1939) was an American aviator, one of the first women to fly a plane long distances.
She was the first woman to fly a plane by herself across the Atlantic Ocean.
She broke many records and showed how air travel had moved forward.
She also wrote books, most of them were about her flights.
Earhart vanished over the South Pacific Ocean on July 2, 1937 while trying to fly around the world.
She was declared dead on July 3, 1937.
He is also well known by the nickname Old Blue Eyes.
The New York Times said he was the first modern pop superstar.
At first, he was mostly known as a crooner, a singer of love songs.
By the 1950s and 1960s, he was singing swing and jazz songs as well.
Harry Lillis Bing Crosby Jr.
(May 3, 1903 – October 14, 1977) was an American singer and actor.
His singing career was around fifty years long and more than 1 billion records of his have been sold worldwide.
Crosby is known for creating the style of music that Perry Como, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin , Elvis Presley, John Lennon would later copy.
Crosby said that he was inspired by Al Jolson.
In South Africa, from the 1940s until the 1990s, a system called apartheid kept white and black South Africans separate.
Racial segregation has happened in many other countries, throughout history.
Naginata is also known as a Japanese martial art performed by men, women, and children.
It is a combat system that teaches respect, patience, etiquette, self-confidence, and self-control.
The practice of Naginata teaches perfect control and balanced movements of the body.
When into this art, discipline and concentration are needed to reach the grace and effectiveness of the movements.
It establishes a person's character by developing a moral code based on honor.
The first soft-paste in England was demonstrated by Thomas Briand to the Royal Society in 1742, and is believed to have been based on the Saint-Cloud formula.
In 1749, Thomas Frye took out a patent on a porcelain containing bone ash.
This was the first bone china, later perfected by Josiah Spode.
Outside North America sizes of timber vary slightly.
Sizes are, in some cases, based on the imperial measurement and referred to as such; in other cases the sizes are too far removed from the imperial size to be referred to by imperial measurement.
Lengths can be sold at every 300 mm (a metric approximation of 1').
Common sizes are similar to the North American equivalent; 2.4, 2.7, 3.0, 3.6, 4.2, 4.8, 5.4, 6.0.
But also in running lengths, where each plank in a given packet is different, from 2500mm to 5500mm, though shorter and longer may be present.
Shock absorbers, as a damping element of a modern suspension, convert vibrational energy into heat.
The amount of energy absorbed depends on the mass of the car, the stiffness of the spring and the vibration frequency.
However, the name potter's lathe is also used for the machine used for another shaping process, turning, which is similar to that used for the shaping of metal and wood articles.
The wheel may also be used during the process of trimming excess body from dried wares and for applying incised decoration or rings of colour.
This is by no means a complete list.
Most of the common names here so far are regional names from North America.
Onegin returns to give Tatyana an answer to her letter.
He says very politely that he is not really suited to marriage.
Tatyana is very upset.
In the next scene Lensky is waiting for Onegin, and sings a famous song about his fate and his love for Olga.
Onegin arrives.
Onegin shoots Lensky dead.
A graviton is a hypothetical particle that 'transfers' gravitation's force (particles like this are known as gauge bosons) from its field.
Gravitons have never been observed, directly or indirectly, however, there have been several theories that use gravitons to explain certain phenomena.
For example, a theory that describes black holes by combining quantum mechanics and gravity, has been advanced by Georgi Dvali and Cesar Gomez, which suggests a black hole is an overpacked bucket of gravitons.
There are some theories that suggest that gravitons would make up a new group of particles, attraction particles.
CERN is currently using the Large Hadron Collider to try to find this particle.
The graviton applies a tiny force as it impacts the nuclei of atoms.
All atoms themselves have these graviton particles in orbit around them.
If you gather a lot of atoms together the population of orbiting gravitons increases proportionately.
As a result, a large asteroid for example will have more gravity than a small one.
Militarism or militarist ideology is a view on society.
It says society should be like the military.
Most important to militarists is discipline.
Discipline means to follow a set of rules.
It also means training that follows such rules.
A strong military is good for discipline.
After the writer is finished writing the article, they tell LaTeX to read the document.
After LaTeX is done, LaTeX makes a file that can be printed.
The command codice_2 would print as This text is bold.
Smart cards also have many other uses, such as for making payments.
These kinds of cards are used a lot in Japan, Singapore, and the Octopus card in Hong Kong.
For example, formula_2, because there are four numbers (1, 3, 5 and 7) which do not share any factors with 8.
The function formula_3 used here is the totient function, usually called the Euler totient or Euler's totient, after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler, who studied it.
Hollywood is located on the coastal plain along the Atlantic Ocean in the south-eastern part of the United States, also of Florida.
It is bordered by Pembroke Pines, Fort Lauderdale and Hialeah.
From the late 1840s to the 1950s, missionaries, agricultural experts and schoolteachers tried to Norwegianize the Sami; the first formal act of Parliament regarding the Norwegianization of the Sami people was made in 1848: 'The government is requested to investigate ...
[find out if, and how far] there should be opportunity to bring the Norwegian Lapps, especially those living in coastal areas , instruction in the Norwegian language for the enlightenment of these people, and that the result of their findings be reported to the next Parliament'.
Norway's authorities made a language directive (or rule) in 1880, which was made more forceful in 1898.
It said that 'Teachers in those districts where the Lappish ...
and Finnish (kvænsk) languages are permitted for the sake of facilitating instruction in the public schools shall do their utmost to spread knowledge of the Norwegian language and seek to promote its use in the circles where they work'.
Furthermore, the government had a major objective for the schools: Not a single Sami word was to be heard on the school grounds or in school buildings.
On Monday, the 6th of July 1998, Cathay Pacific terminated flights from Kai Tak International Airport to London Heathrow Airport after over 73 years of operation.
The next day, Cathay Pacific began flights from New York John F.
Kennedy International Airport to the new Hong Kong International Airport at Chek Lap Kok.
This flight was also the world's first nonstop transpolar flight from New York to Hong Kong.
As of December 2022, Cathay Pacific serves 74 destinations including charter and cargo services, in 29 countries across Asia, Europe, North America and Oceania.
Since its inception in 1946, the Cathay Pacific fleet has operated many types of aircraft.
The first aircraft was a World War II surplus Douglas DC-3, named Betsy.
the first aircraft for Cathay Pacific, is now a permanent exhibit in the Hong Kong Science Museum.
In German culture the Lied as an art song goes back to the Middle Ages.
Walther von der Vogelweide was a 12th-13th century minnesinger who composed and sang songs for important people at the royal court.
Like most minnesinger, he was a poet as well as a composer, writing words for his own songs.
The Lied in the Romantic period was usually written by two different people: the poet wrote the words and then the composer “set the words to music.
19th century composers mostly took great care to choose good poetry for their songs.
The poetry was often by famous poets such as Goethe and Schiller.
A phosphate is a salt of phosphoric acid.
Phosphates are important in biochemistry.
Phosphates have the formula PO and a molar mass of 94.973 g/mol.
An example of a phosphate is sodium phosphate.
Three different types of phosphates are known.
They are orthophosphate, PO; metaphosphate, PO; and pyrophosphate, PO.
They have a combining power of 3.
Puccini was born in Lucca, Tuscany into a musical family.
He was expected to follow the family tradition and become a church organist.
He started playing the organ in churches near Lucca.
He liked to improvise on the organ, playing popular tunes from Verdi’s operas.
He soon realized that he wanted to be an opera composer.
Eventually he persuaded his family to let him study at the Milan Conservatory.
His earliest compositions showed that he had a great talent for writing beautiful melodies and that he was good at writing for the orchestra.
His first opera to be published, Edgar, had a story similar to that of Bizet’s Carmen, but it was not a suitable story for Puccini.
However it is very easy to break a Caesar cipher, even if you change the key number to a different number.
Using a more modern form of encryption would be better.
An early way of social engineering first occurred in the 1980s and was named phreaking.
Phreakers called phone companies and claimed to be system administrators and asked for passwords which they used to connect illegally and free of charge to the Internet.
The main model of social engineering shows up with faked phone calls: the social engineer calls employees of a company and impersonates a technician who needs sensitive data to complete important technical operations.
In advance the attacker has gathered information about work routines of the target company from public sources or former raid attempts, that gives him advantage in further social engineering trials.
The prevention of social engineering is difficult.
By influencing the victim subconsciously, the invader abuses typical human behavior like helpfulness in emergency situations or to respond with help to the seemingly helpful attacker.
Ephraïm Inoni (born 16 August, 1947) is the former Prime Minister of Cameroon, a country in central west Africa.
H.E.
Ephraim Inoni comes from the South West province in Cameroon, which is part of the Anglophone provinces in Cameroon.
Ephraim Inoni is a member of the ruling party and a strong supporter of President Paul Biya.
He was part of President Paul Biya's campaign team in 2006.
Stanisław Konarski, Sch.P.
(actual name: Hieronim Konarski; 30 September 1700 – 3 August 1773) was a Polish teacher and writer.
He wrote political books, poems, and plays.
He was a monk - member of the order of Piarists; he brought the Enlightenment in Poland.
Finnish people called Sirius Kalevantähti which means Star of Kaleva.
Belt of Orion was called Kalevas sword.
Some of the problems with plantations come from the fact that most are monocultures, that is there is only one kind of crop that is grown there.
This makes them vulnerable to pests, for example.
Despite great advances made to lift minorities out of poverty and many African Americans and Latino Americans joining the middle class, there is still an uneven racial distribution among the groups.
White people who were not of Hispanic descent made up roughly 75.1% of all persons in 2000, 87.93% of all households in the top 5% were headed by a person who identified as being White.
Only 4.75% of all household in the top 5% were headed by someone who identified him or herself as being Hispanic or Latino of any race, versus 12.5% of persons identifying themselves as Hispanic or Latino in the general population.
Overall 86.01% of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White, while only 7.21% were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37% by someone who identified as being African American or Black.
Overall households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles.
Households headed by people who identified as being Asian were overrepresented among the top two quintiles.
In the top five percent the percentage of Asians was nearly twice as high as the percentage of Asians among the general population.
European Americans were relatively even distributed throughout the quintiles only being underrepresented in the lowest quintile and slightly overrepresented in the top quintile and the top five percent.
Neapolitan means from the city of Naples in Italy.
It is an adjective.
Innocence is the opposite of guilt.
If someone is innocent of a crime it means that they did not do it.
Symphonic poems were mostly written in the 19th century at the time known as the Romantic period.
They are normally in one movement lasting perhaps between 10 and 20 minutes.
Some of the longest ones, such as Ein Heldenleben by Richard Strauss are much longer, like a symphony with four movements which run into one another.
The show made new episodes until 16 February 2001.
Years later, a new series aired in 2015.
The province is only 80 km away from Haiti its closest point, across the Windward Passage and close enough to see lights on Haiti on a clear night.
Guantánamo also has a number of immigrants from Jamaica.
The province is full of reminders of the Cuban Revolution, and the Cuban Wars of Independence.
There are many plaques in the mountains that commemorate the struggle against Fulgencio Batista.
The struggle took place in 1959.
The Holguín province was established in 1978, when it was split from the Oriente region.
Commander in Chief Fidel Castro (1926), lawyer, revolutionary, ex-President of Cuba.
The Pinar del Río province has one of Cuba's three main mountain ranges, the Cordillera de Guaniguanico.
The mountains are divided into the easterly Sierra del Rosario and the westerly Sierra de los Organos.
These form a landscape characterised by steep sided limestone hills and flat, fertile valleys.
Giovanni Boccaccio (, , ; 16 June 1313 – 21 December 1375) was an Italian author and poet.
He wrote several famous works, such as On Famous Women and the Decameron.
Boccaccio was the first poet, who used ottava rima in longer poems.
This can only be done with a constant.
The Patriots Hall of Fame group will select an anniversary team to celebrate the greatest members of the team at every position up to the year of the selection.
Metamorphosis in biology means the process of transformation from an immature form to an adult form in two or more distinct stages.
Good examples are insects and amphibians.
Life for most insects begins as a larva or nymph then progresses to the pupa stage and ends as an adult.
Within the broad domain of industrial safety, the term resilience has come into use to emphasise that safety must be proactive as well as reactive.
Whereas conventional risk management approaches emphasise calculation of failure probabilities, resilience engineering looks for ways to strengthen the ability of organisations to create processes that are robust yet flexible.
The element St Andrew, St.
Andrews or St.
Andrew's is found in the names of many places and institutions.
All of them are named after Saint Andrew, a Christian saint and one of the New Testament Apostles.
The life-style of limpets is sessile: they stick fast to rocks or other hard substrates.
Cowry shells are sometimes used in a way similar to dice, e.g., in board games like Pachisi, or in divination (cf.
Ifá and the annual customs of Dahomey).
Dunkirk (, pronounced or ; ) is a harbour city in the northernmost part of France, 10 km (6 mi) from the Belgian border.
Limburg-Weilburg is a Landkreis (rural district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.
The elevation is between 110m and 291m above sea level.
Elz is in a valley called Limburger Becken, which surrounds the town of Limburg.
Elz is also in the valley of the Elbbach, which flows into the river Lahn after passing Elz.
The municipality of Elz borders the municipalities of Hundsangen, Hambach, Görgeshausen, Niedererbach, Obererbach and the towns of Hadamar and Limburg.
The municipality of Elz consists of two villages: The village of Elz (7,743 inhabitants) and the village of Malmeneich (345 inhabitants).
Elz was first mentioned in a document from 933 AD, which does not exist any more.
Political importance resulted from its position at the Hohe Straße, the former most important road between Frankfurt am Main and Cologne, which still exists and is now part of the Bundesstraße 8, which can be translated with Interstate 8.
Wagner took the story of the operas from a book called the Nibelungenlied (the Nibelung Song) which was written in the 12th century by a German poet.
We do not know the name of the poet.
The story is about the ancient gods from German mythology.
Wagner spent about twenty years writing the Ring cycle.
He started in the 1850s when he was living in Switzerland.
He wrote all the libretto (the words) himself, as he always did for his operas.
By 1857 he had finished the first two operas and two thirds of Siegfried.
It was many years later that he finally finished Siegfried and wrote the final opera as well.
Spore is a computer game made by Will Wright.
He also made The Sims and SimCity.
It consists of five phases of gameplay, the cell, creature, tribal, civilization and space phases.
It is a game in which the player is able to create and evolve a species from a germ into a galactic superpower.
It was released on September 7, 2008 in America, and September 5 in Europe.
Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees in the Northern Hemisphere, in Asia (where the greatest species diversity is found), Europe and eastern North America; it is absent from western North America.
The concepts of angle and radius were already used by ancient peoples of the 1st millennium BCE.
Hipparchus (190-120 BCE) created a table of chord functions giving the length of the chord for each angle, and there are references to his using polar coordinates in establishing stellar positions.
In the middle of the 20th century, the Ba'ath parties were ruling both in Syria and Iraq.
The ideology behind Ba'athism is to unite the Arab regions and create a Pan-Arab state.
The ideology is also oriented towards socialism.
Although the Ba'ath ideology has nationalist roots and is not related to religion, Ba'ath leaders and politicians have often used religious outlets to gain popularity and support of the people.
Although the Pan-Arab nationalism worked out in other Arab countries such as Egypt, this was a difficult case in Iraq.
The reason for this, is the diversity of the Iraqi population.
Because of the Sunni - Shi'a and Arab-Kurd divide, Iraq is seen as one of the most difficult countries to govern.
It was especially difficult, as the Ba'ath party was dominantly Sunni, whereas the population of Iraq, the origin place of Shia Islam, is dominantly Shia (55%).
The president of Iraq at the time, was Saddam Hussein, who took most of the power in his own hands and strived for strong Arab leadership.
His ambitions to take the lead in the Arab world were also a key element for his later attack on Iran.
Wood is strong when stressed along the grain (longitudinally), but weak across it (radially and tangentially).
It expands and contracts in response to humidity.
On 24 January 41 , Caligula was assassinated by a broad-based conspiracy.
There is no evidence that Claudius had a direct hand in the assassination, although it has been argued that he knew about the plot.
In the chaos following the murder, Claudius witnessed the German guard cut down several uninvolved noblemen, including some of his friends.
He fled to the palace to hide.
According to tradition, a Praetorian named Gratus found him hiding behind a curtain and suddenly declared him emperor.
A section of the guard may have planned to seek out Claudius, perhaps with his approval.
They reassured him that they were not one of the groups looking for revenge.
He was put under their protection.
Despite this declaration, Claudius did marry once more, his niece Agrippina the Younger.
Nero was made joint heir with the underage Britannicus, married to Octavia and heavily promoted.
Nero was popular with the public as the grandson of Germanicus and the direct descendant of Augustus.
Early trades unions were only for skilled “artisan trades.
These craft trade unions or “societies were mainly formed amongst cobblers, printers and mechanics.
These were different from trades unions but had some functions in common.
Friendly societies were “self help organisations.
In exchange for a subscription fee, they would provide financial support to workers in the event of, for example, death or illness.
They were usually locally based; Tyneside in the 1820s had 165 societies with a total of 10,000 members.
Gradually the societies or groups of workers were formed into larger bodies called “combinations.
Instead of just paying out benefits, they became more militant and begun to lobby for better conditions and better pay etc.
Workers were also able to petition parliament when they had a particular grievance over working conditions or wages for instance.
2.
The prevalence of the domestic system of working.
4.
Factory works was undeveloped in the early 19th century.
As soon as factories had taken off the ‘working classes emerged.
The traditional bond of trust between employer and employees were later eroded and working people began to club together.
The tachi was worn hung to the belt with the cutting-edge down, unlike the katana which was worn with the cutting-edge pointing upwards.
Not all tachi were the standard size.
Small ones were called ko-dachi.
If the sword was longer than the standard one it was called o-dachi.
Hertfordshire has 26 independent schools and 73 state secondary schools.
A graph data structure consists of a finite (and possibly mutable) set of ordered pairs, called edges or arcs, of certain entities called nodes or vertices.
As in mathematics, an edge (x,y) is said to point or go from x to y.
The nodes may be part of the graph structure, or may be external entities represented by integer indices or references.
A graph data structure may also associate to each edge some edge value, such as a symbolic label or a numeric attribute.
Gerard said to Rolling Stone, We love bands like Queen, where it's huge and majestic, but also bands like Black Flag and the Misfits, who would go absolutely crazy.
Lead singer Gerard Way has stated that the band is very influenced by The Cure, Joy Division, Bauhaus, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and The Smiths/Morrissey.
Way has also said that his band patterns their career after that of The Smashing Pumpkins, another band they like.
The band's overall influences are:Black Flag, Iron Maiden, The Misfits, Morrissey/The Smiths, At the Gates, The Cure, The Descendents, Pantera, The Smashing Pumpkins, Pink Floyd, Bon Jovi, The Damned, Fugazi, Ministry, New York Dolls, Nirvana, Queen, Sunny Day Real Estate, Green Day, Joy Division, Kill Creek, AFI, Cursive, and Alkaline Trio.
One of Gerard Way's biggest influences was The Beach Boys.
Especially Pet Sounds.
Their third album titled The Black Parade was released on October 23rd, 2006.
The album sold more than 240,000 copies in the first week after it was released.
It has sold over 1 million copies in total.
The first single taken from The Black Parade called Welcome to the Black Parade reached the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No.1 in the UK charts for two weeks.
The main way humans get around is by walking.
The first humans walked out of Africa about 60,000 years ago.
We walked across India to reach Australia.
We walked across Asia to reach the Americas.
We walked from the fertile crescent area to reach Europe.
With a population of 87,435, Poitiers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Bastides are medieval cities.
There is an act of foundation (a law made to start them).
There are often historic documents written about them.
For these reasons, people who already had a social status, (serfs, noblemen and priests) could not settle in the bastide.
A few poor noblemen gave their land to the city and started a career as a trader, because that way they could earn more money than before.
In 2012, The Midi-Pyrénées region had a population of 2,926,592.
Its population density was inhabitants/km.
There are many dormant volcanoes (volcanoes that are not active) in Auvergne, mainly in the Monts Dore and in the Chaîne des Puys.
The highest point in Auvergne is the Puy de Sancy (), at high.
The Auvergne region had a population, in 2012, of 1,354,104, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The region is predominantly agricultural.
Cattle are common and are used both for meat (beef) and for milk, which is made into a number of well-known cheeses such as Bleu d'Auvergne, Cantal, Fourme d'Ambert and Saint-Nectaire.
, the Centre-Val de Loire region had a population of 2,577,435, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region had, in 2014, a population of 4,983,438, with a population density of inhabitants/km.
Ajaccio is on the west coast of the island of Corsica in a sheltered position at the foot of wooded hills on the northern shore of the Gulf of Ajaccio.
The harbour is to the east of the town and is protected on the south by a peninsula.
Ajaccio has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate (Csa in the Koeppen climate classification).
Hagia Sophia (Greek: Ἁγία Σοφία, meaning the Holy Wisdom) is a mosque in the eastern Bosporus of Istanbul, Turkey.
It was originally a Byzantine Eastern Orthodox cathedral and was turned into a mosque after the conquest of Constantinople by the Ottoman Empire.
Derbyshire can only be understood by its ancient geology.
Most of the geology was laid down in a tropical paradise in the equatorial region of the Earth.
South Yorkshire is one of the least prosperous areas in Western Europe.
The districts of Nottinghamshire are Ashfield, Bassetlaw, Broxtowe, Gedling, Mansfield, Newark and Sherwood, and Rushcliffe.
The City of Nottingham was administratively part of Nottinghamshire between 1974 and 1998 but is now a unitary authority, although it remains part of the county.
The Pennines are a mountain range in England.
Often said to be the backbone of England, they form an unbroken range stretching from the Peak District in the Midlands, through the Yorkshire Dales, parts of Greater Manchester, the West Pennine Moors of Lancashire and Cumbrian Fells to the Cheviot Hills on the Scottish border.
Their total length is about .
Pulmonic consonants are made by blocking air coming from the lungs.
Most consonants (and all English consonants) are pulmonic.
The symbols for these sounds are arranged in a table.
The rows show how the sound is made (the manner of articulation), and the columns show where it is made (the place of articulation).
Non-pulmonic consonants are made without air coming from the lungs.
There are three types of non-pulmonic consonants.
Implosive consonants are made by taking air into the mouth.
Ejective consonants are made by forcing the air out of the larynx instead of the lungs.
Click consonants are made by creating an airtight pocket in the mouth and quickly releasing it.
Tsopk was part of the kingdom of Urartu in the 8th-7th cc BC.
After unifying the region with his kingdom in the early 700s BC, king Argishtis I of Urartu resettled many of its inhabitants to his newly built city of Erebuni (modern day Armenian capital Yerevan).
Around 600 BC, Tsopk became part of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids.
Pompey gave Sophene to Tigranes, after defeating his father Tigranes the Great.
Sophene later become part of the Roman Empire, and was made into a province of the Roman Empire.
The capital was Amida (modern Diyarbakır).
Around 54, the province was ruled by Gaius Julius Sohaemus.
Appleby, the historic county town, was also a historic borough until it was reformed in 1885.
The Lord-Lieutenant is supported by a Vice Lord-Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants which he or she appoints.
This article is about the fictional characters from J.
R.
R.
Tolkien's Middle-earth universe.
Melkor was originally the most powerful of the Valar, but he became evil.
He was then named Morgoth (Sindarin: Black Enemy), and Morgoth Bauglir (Sindarin: Oppressor).
Morgoth was the greatest enemy of all the peoples of Middle-earth during the First Age.
He is the main villain of The Silmarillion.
In 1262 Leo married Keran (Kir Anna), the daughter of Prince Hethum of Lampron.
At the end of the second millennium BC, another Indo-European ethnic group, closely related to Thracians and Phrygians and referred to by the Greeks as Armens, migrated to the Armenian Highland from Northern Balkans.
On December 4, 1920, the Red Army entered Yerevan, the government of Armenian Republic effectively stopped working.
On December 5, the Armenian Revolutionary Committee (Revkom; made up of mostly Armenians from Azerbaijan) also entered the city.
Finally, on the following day, December 6, Felix Dzerzhinsky's dreaded secret police, the Cheka, entered Yerevan, thus effectively ending the existence of the Democratic Republic of Armenia.
At an early period, during the formation of the Upanişads and the rise of Buddhism and Jainism, we must envisage a common heritage of meditation and mental discipline practiced by renouncers with varying affiliations to non-orthodox (Veda-rejecting) and orthodox (Veda-accepting) traditions...
These schools [such as Buddhism and Jainism] are understandably regarded as heterodox (nāstika) by orthodox (āstika) Brahmanism.
Lamb was elected to Parliament in 1806 as a member of the Whig party.
The United States Census Bureau (officially Bureau of the Census) is a part of the United States government that is responsible for the United States Census.
The cantons are listed in the order given in the federal constitution.
The official region contains the large conurbation that includes Birmingham and Wolverhampton and includes also the mainly rural shire counties of Herefordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire and Worcestershire.
Although the Pardoner was a priest he lived a life that was far from the word of Jesus Christ.
He often broke many of the seven deadly sins including greed, gluttony, and pride.
He earned a living through preaching and selling fake relics to his supporters.
He lies to people and promises them salvation and prosperity for a price.
He has even taken money from a poor widow with starving children in order buy himself more luxuries.
The original video animation produced in 1994 called is a sequel to the game.
It was released on the PlayStation Network on April 6, 2011 in Japan.
The game was released for iPhone and iPad on March 28th, 2013.
He is a 12-time NBA All Star.
Nowitkzi won the 2006-07 NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award.
The Mavericks, led by Nowitzki, defeated the Miami Heat 4-2 in the 2011 NBA Finals.
In addition to performing very well in general in the Finals, his 101-degree fever in Game 4 didn't stop him from scoring the winning basket to tie the series 2-2.
This amazing feat is a lot like when Michael Jordan played well despite the flu in the 1997 Finals against the Utah Jazz.
A: head; B: thorax; C: abdomen.
On the death of their father, the Emperor Huayna Capac, and their older brother, Ninan Cuyochi, who had been the heir, the empire was divided between the two surviving brothers, Huáscar and Atahualpa.
Huascar got the major part of it with the capital Cusco, and Atahualpa the northern parts, including Quito (now the capital of Ecuador).
For a couple of years, the two brothers reigned without problems.
But Huascar demanded that Atahuallpa swear an oath to him.
Atahuallpa refused, and the civil war began.
But then Pizarro decided to have him executed because he feared he could be freed by an Inca General.
Pizarro staged a mock trial and found Atahuallpa guilty of revolting against the Spanish and murdering Huáscar, his own brother.
Atahuallpa was sentenced to execution by burning.
He was horrified, since the Inca believed that the soul would not be able to go on to the afterlife if the body were burned.
Friar Vicente de Valverde, who had earlier offered the Bible to Atahuallpa, intervened again, telling Atahuallpa that if he agreed to convert to Christianity he would convince the rest to commute the sentence.
Atahualpa agreed to be baptized into the Christian faith.
He was given the name Juan Santos Atahualpa and then was strangled with a garrote instead of being burned.
Atahuallpa died on August 29, 1533.
The 12 major colors of the color wheel, at 30 degree intervals on the HSV color wheel (shown above), are the following: red (0 degrees or 360 degrees), orange (30 degrees), yellow (60 degrees), chartreuse green (90 degrees), green (120 degrees), spring green (150 degrees), cyan (180 degrees), azure (210 degrees), blue (240 degrees), violet (270 degrees), magenta (300 degrees), and rose (330 degrees).
This constitutes the complete set of primary, secondary, and tertiary color names.
The structure of Greater London is similar to the metropolitan counties, but it is not one.
It was created earlier in 1965, by the London Government Act 1963.
An early name for Nottingham was Tigguo Cobauc which means a place of caves.
Founded by Anglo-Saxon invaders after 600 AD, parts of the settlement have included man-made caves, dug into soft sandstone.
Nottingham was later captured by the Danes (Vikings) and in the 9th century became one of the five boroughs (fortified towns) of the Danelaw.
The most famous version of the story is the one written by the Brothers Grimm in the 19th century.
The Brothers Grimm listened to many traditional stories from old people and wrote them into a book.
They did not originally mean for their book to be read as children's stories; they were writing down German folklore for scholars to read.
But their book became famous as a book of children's stories anyway.
The title of the story is properly translated as Little Red Cap even though it is usually known in English as Little Red Riding Hood.
The story of Little Red Riding Hood seems to have been told for centuries in different countries, under different names.
An important part of the story is the questions and answers.
In the story, the wolf knocks at the grandmother's door.
The people of Gettysburg wanted to bury the dead properly.
At first, they planned to buy land for a cemetery and ask the families of the dead to pay for the burial.
However, David Willis, a rich 32-year-old lawyer, did not like this idea.
He wrote to the Governor of Pennsylvania, Andrew Gregg Curtin, asking that a National Cemetery be supported by the states.
Wills was allowed to buy 17 acres (69,000 m²) for a cemetery to honor the people who died in the battle.
He paid $2,475.87 for the land.
Gabriel Fauré is the greatest composer of French art song, or mélodie.
He learned a great deal at the École Niedermeyer about how to write beautiful, flowing harmonies.
He also studied the church modes.
This can be heard in a lot of his music.
He wrote several song cycles (groups of songs) including one called La Bonne Chanson.
Wordsworth was born as second of five children in the Lake District.
After the death of his mother in 1778, his father sent him to Hawkshead Grammar School.
In 1783 his father, a lawyer and a solicitor, died.
The Short Parliament in English history lasted from April 13 to May 5 1640.
It is called Short because it only lasted for three weeks.
Charles I of England, who was also king of Scotland, was having problems with the Church of Scotland and war with them was breaking out again.
Charles had spent the last 11 years ruling directly, without calling a Parliament even once.
He did this because he had little use for elected representatives trying to decide policy.
But now with the problems with the Scots, Charles needed money to pay for his war.
To get more money for war meant he had to call a Parliament so they could vote on it.
A lesson in school is a planned period of time for learning.
It involves one or more students being taught by a teacher.
A lesson may be either one section of a textbook or a period of time during which learners are taught about a subject or how to perform an activity.
Lessons are mostly taught in a classroom but they may take place online, or outside.
Not all lessons are for children.
The highest point in the region is The Cheviot, in Northumberland, at 815m and the largest city is Newcastle.
Sunderland is the second-largest.
Vlad was spending most of his time at the court of the city of Târgovişte.
He made laws, met foreign ambassadors, judged in trials.
He reinforced some castles and probably enjoyed hunting with his friends.
Vlad gave key positions in the Prince’s Council to people of lower rank who were loyal to him.
Vlad preferred to knight men from the free peasants.
In response to this, the Sultan Mehmed II headed towards Wallachia with an army of 60,000 men in the spring of 1462.
With his army of 20,000-30,000 men Vlad was not able to stop the Turks from entering Wallachia.
The Turks occupied the capital Târgovişte (June 4, 1462) and chased Vlad away.
Vlad was hiding and made small attacks on the Turks.
On the night of June 16 Vlad and some of his men entered the main Turkish camp, wearing Turkish clothing, and attempted to kill Mehmed.
Later the Turkish army retired and left Vlad’s brother, Radu the Handsome, as the new ruler prince.
Radu the Handsome gathered support from the nobility and Vlad fled to Hungary.
But sometimes he is remembered as a very cruel and often capricious ruler.
There are several events that are common to all tales.
In the Hebrew Bible, the Jordan is referred to as the source of fertility to a large plain (Kikkar ha-Yarden), called the garden of God (Genesis 13:10).
There is no regular description of the Jordan in the Bible.
The Holy Land had been part of the Roman Empire, and thus Byzantine Empire, until the Islamic conquests of the seventh and eighth centuries.
Thereafter, Christians had generally been permitted to visit the sacred places in the Holy Land until 1071, when the Seljuk Turks closed Christian pilgrimages and assailed the Byzantines, defeating them at the Battle of Manzikert.
Emperor Alexius I asked for aid from Pope Urban II (1088-1099) for help against Islamic aggression.
Instead of sending money, Urban II called upon the knights of Christendom in a speech made at the Council of Clermont on 27 November 1095, combining the idea of pilgrimage to the Holy Land with that of waging a holy war against infidels.
In 1967, the Albanian government made atheism the state religion.
This designation remained in effect until 1991.
Finland's State Church was the Church of Sweden until 1809.
In France the Concordat of 1801 made the Roman Catholic, Calvinist and Lutheran churches state-sponsored religions, as well as Judaism.
In Hungary the constitutional laws of 1848 declared five established churches on equal status: the Roman Catholic, Calvinist, Lutheran, Eastern Orthodox and Unitarian Church.
In 1868 the law was ratified again after the Ausgleich.
In 1895 Judaism was also recognized as the sixth established church.
In 1948 every distinction between the different denominations were abolished.
In several colonies, the establishment ceased to exist in practice at the Revolution, about 1776; this is the date of legal abolition.
From 1780 Massachusetts had a system which required every man to belong to a church, and permitted each church to tax its members, and did not require that it be a Congregational church.
This was objected to, as in practice establishing the Congregational Church, and was abolished in 1833.
Until 1877 the New Hampshire Constitution required members of the State legislature to be of the Protestant religion.
The North Carolina Constitution of 1776 disestablished the Anglican church, but until 1835 the NC Constitution allowed only Protestants to hold public office.
From 1835 to 1876 it allowed allowed only Christians (including Catholics) to hold public office.
Article VI, Section 8 of the current NC Constitution forbids only atheists from holding public office.
Such clauses were held by the United States Supreme Court to be unenforceable in the 1961 case of Torcaso v.
Watkins, when the court ruled unanimously that such clauses constituted a religious test incompatible with First and Fourteenth Amendment protections.
Religious Tolerance for Catholics with an Established Church of England were policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule.
East Florida was lost to Spain in 1781.
In 2008, Hamasaki revealed that she had become deaf in her left ear.
This was because of tinnitus or Ménière's disease.
She said that she had the condition in 2006 and that problems with her ear started in 2000.
Hamasaki stated that she wants to continue singing.
She said that she would not give up on her fans and that as a professional, she wanted to deliver the best performance for everyone.
The series was spinoff the 2D cartoon series made to a 3D series.
George Lucas (executive producer) had first the idea as wanting to make a series based on the clone wars.
George Lucas intended to make 100 episodes in five seasons.
In 2020, a seventh and final season was released on Disney Plus.
This was an additional 12 episodes.
About 34,000 students go to the school.
The university's mascot is a bulldog named Uga.
Today's cathedral is made of limestone.
It was built after the Great Fire of London in 1666 had destroyed the Old St Paul's.
Its architect was Sir Christopher Wren, who designed a further 50 churches.
Wren designed it in the Renaissance style. St Paul's is a popular tourist attraction and is still used as a church today.
It is the cathedral of the Church of England Diocese of London.
The legs of this echidna are adapted for rapid digging.
Their legs are short and have strong claws.
The claws on the back feet are longer and curve backwards to help cleaning and grooming between the spines.
Like the platypus it has a low body temperature—between 30 and 32 °C.
Unlike the platypus, which shows no evidence of torpor or hibernation, the body temperature of the echidna may fall as low as 5 °C.
The echidna does not pant or sweat and normally seeks shelter in hot conditions.
In autumn and winter the echidna shows periods of torpor or deep hibernation.
Because of its low body temperature, the animal becomes sluggish in very hot and very cold weather.
In mammals, the lymphatic system is a network of thin vessels that branch, like blood vessels, into tissues throughout the body.
It is part of the immune system.
It is a one-way system which carries cells and fluid back to the blood system.
The migration period, or barbarian invasions or Völkerwanderung happened in AD 300–700 in Europe, at the end of ancient history and during the Early Middle Ages.
The eastern side of the bay, consisting of Alameda and Contra Costa counties, is known locally as the East Bay.
The East Bay is split into two regions, the inner East Bay, which is on the coast of the Bay, and the outer East Bay, including the inland valleys separated from the inner East Bay by hills and mountains.
In the study of transport phenomena (heat transfer, mass transfer and fluid dynamics), flux is defined as flow per unit area, where flow is the movement of some quantity per time.
Flux, in this definition, is a vector.
Resistors are used in many different ways.
First of all, they are put in circuits to protect components from damage such as LEDs.
Biomes are often given local names.
For example, a temperate grassland or shrubland biome is known commonly as steppe in central Asia, savanna or field in southern Africa, prairie in North America, pampa in South America and outback or scrub in Australia.
In the second story Widow Bolte, who is still crying, decides she might as well roast the hens.
The boys take fishing rods, climb onto the roof and pull the frying chickens up with their rods.
Widow Bolte finds the chickens gone, thinks her little dog has eaten them, and gives the poor dog a beating.
He is sometimes called James Adelphotheos, (literally James the Brother of God - Greek : Iάκωβος ο Αδελφόθεος ), based on New Testament descriptions.
Acts tells the story of the Early Christian church, with particular interest for the ministry of the Twelve Apostles and of Paul of Tarsus.
The early chapters in Jerusalem, report Jesus's Resurrection, his Ascension, the Day of Pentecost, and the start of the Twelve Apostles' ministry.
The later chapters report Paul's conversion, his ministry, and finally his arrest and imprisonment and trip to Rome.
With a population of 58,826, Montauban has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The concepts of additive identity and multiplicative identity are central to the Peano axioms.
A blender consists of a glass or plastic container with a mounted blade in the bottom, and a base that has an electric motor and switches to turn on the motor or change its speed.
The pentatonic scales used in Indonesian gamelan music are called slendro and pelog.
In Geneva, Calvin mainly wanted to make a collège, a school for children.
A place to build the school was chosen on March 25, 1558.
The school was opened on June 5, 1559.
It was divided into two parts.
One part was a grammar school, which was called the collège or schola privata.
The other part was an advanced school, the académie or schola publica.
In five years there were 1,200 students in the grammar school and 300 in the advanced school.
The collège later became the Collège Calvin, one of the college preparatory schools of Geneva.
The académie became the University of Geneva.
The trebuchet works in a simple way.
The basket of the trebuchet is filled with heavy rocks.
This acts as a counterweight for the other end, which is usually filled with one large rock.
Several men arm the trebuchet by raising the counterweight up and the firing arm down.
At this point the arm is released, the heavy basket swings down and the arm swings up, launching the rock far and fast.
Candy is found in almost any store because they are made in many companies.
Candy can also be made at home.
Many people like candy and think it tastes good.
Other people do not like it.
Candy contains lots of sugar, so it is not very healthy, but can be eaten sometimes.
It is the most common snacking food, and there are hundreds of flavors, shapes, and sizes.
With a population of 45,941, Carcassonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The fortifications consist of a double ring of ramparts and 53 towers.
In 1849, the architect Eugène Viollet-le-Duc took over restoration works.
With a population of 23,263, Villeneuve-sur-Lot has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 34,126, Agen has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 24,595, Libourne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Most of the Domus Aurea was torn down.
The lake was filled in and the land used for the Colosseum.
Schools for gladiators and other buildings were put up in the old gardens of the Domus Aurea.
The Colossus was left in place, but Nero's head was replaced.
Vespasian renamed it after the sun-god, Helios (Colossus Solis).
Many historians say that the name of the Colosseum comes from the statue, the Colossus.
The Colosseum was originally structured to accomoodate a total of 70000 guests of which 60000 could be seated while rested 10000 can be stand.
Usually in Roman cities, the amphitheatres were built on the edge of the city.
During the 16th and 17th century, Church officials looked for a use for the big and ruined building.
Pope Sixtus V (1521–1590) wanted to turn the building into a wool factory to provide jobs for Rome's prostitutes, but he died and the idea given up.
In 1671 Cardinal Altieri said it could be used for bullfights.
Many people were upset by this idea, it was quickly dropped.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen, Howard Donald, Jason Orange and Robbie Williams were in Take That.
Williams left in 1995 after taking drugs and soon the 4 remaining members split up in 1996.
Take That returned to the music business in 2005, released their come-back album called Beautiful World and then went on tour in 2006.
2010 saw the return of Williams and in 2011 Take That took a hiatus and Barlow become a judge on the British TV talent show The X Factor UK in that year.
Donald then became a judge on the German version of the dancing talent show Got To Dance in 2013.
Williams left the band in 2012.
Barlow ended his time on The X Factor UK to focus on the group in 2013.
In early 2014 it was announced that the band would release their seventh studio album in late 2014.
In September 2014 it was announced that Orange had decided to leave the band.
The group then became a 3-piece boy band without Orange or Williams.
Their seventh studio album called III was released in 2014.
Their first single of III called These Days was released in November 2014.
The second single of III called Get Ready For It was released in January 2015 and was also featured in the 2015 film .
The third single of III called Let in the Sun was released in March 2015.
Unlike Henry III, Agnes could not influence the election of the new popes, Stephen IX and Nicholas II.
These popes worked together with the Normans of southern Italy.
Kurwenal now appears and says that Tristan has agreed after all to see Isolde.
When he arrives, Isolde tells him that she now knows that he was Tantris, and that he owes her his life.
Tristan agrees to drink the potion, now prepared by Brangaene, even though he knows it may kill him.
As he drinks, Isolde snatches the rest of the potion from him and drinks it herself.
They both believe they are about to die, and they declare their love for one other.
Kurwenal comes and says that King Marke is arriving.
Isolde asks Brangaene which potion she prepared and is told that it was not the death poison, but a love-potion.
Outside, the sailors welcome the arrival of King Marke.
Pop Rocks are a kind of candy with carbonation added to make a popping feeling in the mouth of the person eating them.
The title was created in 1626 by Charles I.
It was spelt Master of the King's Musick and was always spelt that way until the time of Sir Edward Elgar who was Master from 1924 to 1934.
Pope Leo IX raised Hildebrand to the rank of Cardinal in 1049.
SVG uses Extensible Markup Language (XML).
So it has a definition of the document type.
Gasoline, coal, natural gas, diesel, plastics and other fossil fuels are not renewable.
They take millions of years to be made, and cannot be renewed in a human’s, or even a nation's lifetime.
Ways have been developed to make biodegradable plastic and bio diesel and other fuels from renewable resources such as corn, sugar cane, soybeans and canola.
The first known use of cacao is chocolate found in jars at the site of Puerto Escondido in Honduras.
It was used there around 1100 An early Classic Period (460–480 ) Mayan grave from Río Azul, Guatemala, had cups with the Mayan words for cacao on them with traces of an old chocolate drink.
The Maya are usually given credit for making the first chocolate drink over 2,000 years ago.
The drink would be changed even more in Europe.
There are also some health effects which are not good.
Hot chocolate has a lot of calories, saturated fat, and sugar.
Caffeine from the cocoa in hot chocolate can cause bad effects.
Christians who believe in the Trinity believe that God the Father is not a separate being or god from the other members of the Trinity; instead, they are distinct persons who are of the same essence and share the same qualities; because of this, the Son and Holy Spirit are no less God than the Father.
According to Eastern Orthodox theology, God the Father is the arche or principium (beginning), the source or origin of both the Son and the Holy Spirit, and is considered the eternal source of the Godhead.
The Father is the one who eternally begets the Son, and the Father, through the Son, eternally breathes the Holy Spirit.
Since its original formulation it continues to be used in the Roman Catholic, Syrian Orthodox (Jacobite), Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox, Assyrian, Anglican, Lutheran, and most other Protestant Churches.
Many hypotheses exist about when and how the Apostles' Creed was created.
Powdered tea, stored and traded as tea bricks, seems to have been invented in China during the Song Dynasty (960-1279).
Making and drinking powdered tea was formed into a ritual (special ceremony) by the Chan Buddhists.
These Buddhists use to drink from the same bowl as a sacrament.
If more than half the people are right-handed we can say that the majority of people are right-handed.
A minority of people are left-handed.
There are many types of organelles in eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotes were once thought not to have organelles, but some examples have now been found.
The Masque of the Red Death is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe.
It was first published in May 1842 in Graham's Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine.
am and finds him lying dead.
His courtiers try to unmask the figure..only to find nothingness!Only then do they realize the figure is the Red Death itself, and all of the guests contract and succumb to the disease.
With the last of them die the clock and the flames illuminating the scarlet window both die out at the same time.
And Darkness and Decay and the Red Death held illimitable dominion over all.
Alternative medicine does not prevent or cure any disease.
Coheed and Cambria (sometimes abbreviated to Coheed, CO & CA or C&C) is an American rock band from New York.
Coheed and Cambria have made four studio albums, two live albums, and some special albums.
Their studio albums are concept albums, showing one story broken into parts.
The band wants to make five albums telling the story of The Amory Wars.
Now, four albums have been released: The Second Stage Turbine Blade, In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3, Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness, and Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow, and Year of the Black Rainbow.
These albums make the first, second, third, and fourth part of the four-part story of Coheed and Cambria.
The albums have been made out of order; the second part was made first, and the first part has been made last.
Hannover 96, also sometimes called Hanover 96 in English, is a sports club in Hanover, a city in northern Germany.
Prior to hitting the turbine blades, the water's pressure (potential energy) is converted to kinetic energy by a nozzle and focused on the turbine.
No pressure change occurs at the turbine blades, and the turbine does not require a housing for operation.
Other elements requiring inspection and repair during overhauls include bearings, packing box and shaft sleeves, servomotors, cooling systems for the bearings and generator coils, seal rings, wicket gate linkage elements and all surfaces.
James Marshall Hendrix (born Johnny Allen Hendrix; 1942-1970 was an American guitarist, singer and songwriter.
Hendrix was a major influence on other rock and roll musicians.
Initially gaining recognition in England, Hendrix became famous throughout the world after appearances at the Monterey Pop Festival in 1967, at which he purposely set his guitar on fire, and Woodstock Festival.
On September 18, 1970, Hendrix was found dead in a basement of the Samarkand Hotel in London.
He died after drinking too much, and then taking too many sleeping pills.
He vomited and choked on his vomit because he could not regain consciousness.
There are many different theories about his death.
His girlfriend, who was with him at the time that he died, said that he was alive when she put him in the back of the ambulance, but hospital records say that Hendrix had been dead for some time before the ambulance had reached him.
Some people say that Hendrix was alive, but that the paramedics did not properly hold his head while he was unconscious so he choked on his own vomit.
A sad poem that was found in Hendrix’ apartment written by him made some think that he committed suicide.
International law does not prohibit the use of napalm or other incendiaries against military targets, but use against civilian populations was banned by the United Nations' inhumane weapons convention (often referred to as the CCW) in 1981.
Protocol III of the CCW restricts the use of incendiary weapons (not only napalm), but a number of states have not accepted all of the protocols of the CCW.
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, states are considered a party to the convention, which entered into force as international law in December 1983, if they ratify at least two of the five protocols.
The United States, for example, is a party to the CCW but did not sign Protocol III.
The use of incendiary weapons against civilians is forbidden since 1949.
They were used by U.S.
forces in Iraq in 2004.
Carson was born in Corning, Iowa, in 1925, to Homer Lloyd Kit Carson, a power company manager, and Ruth (Hook) Carson, who was of Irish ancestry.
He grew up in the nearby towns of Avoca, Clarinda, and Red Oak in southwest Iowa before moving to Norfolk, Nebraska, at the age of eight.
At the age of twelve, Carson found a book on magic at a friend's house and immediately purchased a mail-order magician's kit.
He debuted as The Great Carsoni at age 14 and he was paid US$3; many other performances at local picnics and country fairs followed.
On June 22, 2011, the group released the single Moves Like Jagger featuring pop singer Christina Aguilera.
The release was in promotion of the NBC show The Voice.
The song became #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Levine won the first American season of The Voice in June 2011 with his partner Javier Colon.
The band said that they would be working on a fourth studio album released before 2012.
A song titled Life After you was expected to be recorded and released in early 2012.
A song titled Wipe Your Eyes was leaked on the web January 15, 2012 and is said to have been produced by music producer J.R.
Rotem.
Milan has had numerous presidents over the course of its history, some of whom have been owners of the club while others have been honorary presidents.
Here is a complete list of them.
Germany again failed to advance to the next round in the UEFA Euro 2004 after they tied two matches and lost one.
The manager Rudi Völler resigned shortly afterwards.
Jürgen Klinsmann then replaced him, although having no experience.
Joachim Löw was also assigned to assist him.
Klinsmann made Michael Ballack captain after the Euro 2004.
Klinsmann main goal was to help Germany perform well in the next world cup.
Gerarrd was born in Whiston Hospital but he grew up in the Liverpool suburb of Huyton.
David Michael Letterman (born April 12, 1947) is an American television host and comedian.
He currently hosts My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman on Netflix.
In September 1989 Gaudian was freed on bail by the East German government and on 17 October 1989 he was transferred to West Berlin.
Logo is a programming language that is easy to learn.
It is used to teach students and children to program a computer.
It was developed to process lists of words.
It was like the language LISP.
In 1969, it was used to control a Floor Turtle.
Commands were added to send the turtle forwards and backwards, and to turn the turtle to left or right.
This turtle had pen with different colors.
When it moved, it left a trail on the floor.
Using the editor, type in this new definition.
On the screen you will see.
Lisp (used to be called LISP) is a programming language.
It is among the oldest programming languages that are still used today.
Only Fortran is one year older.
Lisp was designed by John McCarthy in 1958.
The best-known versions of LISP are Common Lisp, Scheme and Clojure.
Many concepts that are used in modern programming languages were first created in Lisp.
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time.
The direct current always flow in the same direction, distinguishing it from the alternating current (AC).
Direct current used to be called Galvanic current.
The ankh was the Egyptian hieroglyphic character that stood for the word ʿnḫ, meaning life.
Egyptian gods are often portrayed carrying it by its loop, or bearing one in each hand, arms crossed over their chest.
It is also known as the Egyptian Cross, or as crux ansata, Latin for cross with a handle.
the Hunsrück from Trier to Hermeskeil in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The material is known as an immunogen.
Immunization is the same as inoculation and vaccination because inoculation and vaccination use an infecting agent (something that infects) in the same way that immunization does.
Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins.
A common effect is paralysis, which sets in extremely rapidly.
The venom of bees, scorpions, pufferfish, spiders and snakes can contain many different toxins.
Many neurotoxins act by affecting voltage-dependent ion channels.
The family was very poor and Carl had to help in the home.
During the school holidays he looked after the geese.
His father, who was a simple painter, played the violin and cornet in the village band.
Carl soon learned to play the violin and joined in with his father’s band.
He listened to music by Haydn and Mozart and became very interested in general knowledge.
All his life he tried to learn new languages and was interested in literature, art and philosophy.
He loved animals and the nature around him.
He is one of the richest men in the world.
As in 2019, his wealth was estimated at $12.9 billion by Forbes which made him the wealthiest person in Israel, where he resides, and the 140th wealthiest person in the world.
Manure has been used for centuries as a fertilizer for farming, as it is rich in nitrogen and other nutrients which facilitate the growth of plants.
Liquid manure from pig/hog operations is usually knifed (injected) directly into soil to reduce the unpleasant odors.
Manure from hogs and cattle is spread on fields using a manure spreader.
Due to the relatively lower level of proteins in grasses, which herbivores eat, cattle manure has a milder smell than the dung of carnivores–for example, elephant dung is practically odorless.
However, due to the quantity of manure applied to fields, odor can be a problem in some agricultural regions.
Poultry droppings are harmful to plants when fresh but after a period of composting are valuable fertilizers.
A histogram is a concept from statistics.
It is a graphical display that tells us about the distribution of the samples involved.
They are commonly a picture made from a table with many categories.
The table tells how many samples there are in each category.
Biomass is a basic term in ecology, and in the energy production industry.
In ecology, biomass means the accumulation of living matter.
It is the total living material in a given area or a biological community or group.
Biomass is measured by weight, or by dry weight, per given area (per square metre or square kilometer).
Plastics from biomass, like some made to dissolve in seawater, are made the same way as petroleum-based plastics, are actually cheaper to manufacture and meet or exceed most performance standards.
But they lack the water resistance of conventional plastics.
In probability theory and statistics, the variance is a way to measure how far a set of numbers is spread out.
Maltose and cellobiose are hydrolysis products of the polysaccharides, starch and cellulose, respectively.
Biosafety Level 2 BSL-2 is filled with slightly more hazourdous diseases than BSL-1.
They have to take more safety precautions has a result.
Hepatitis, influenza, HIV / AIDS, and salmonella are handled here.
Once the card are dealt, players start to bet on the number of point.
To bet, the player need to tell the trump he wants, and bet at least 10 point higher than the previous player.
The first player have to bet at least 80, half of all the point.
If a player have King and queen from the trump color, the team get 20 bonus points.
Even though there is only 4 color in the game, there is 6 kind of trump: Clubs ♣ Diamonds ♦ Hearts ♥ Spades ♠ No trump All trumps.
20th Century Studios, Inc.
(formerly known from 1914 to 1931 as Fox Film, 1933 to 1935 as 20th Century Pictures 1935 to 1985 and 1985 to 2020 (and informally) as 20th Century Fox or Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation or Twentieth Century Fox or 20th Century Fox Film Corporation) is a large American company that makes movies (motion picture studio).
It is in the Century City area of Los Angeles, California, USA, just west of Beverly Hills.
Sir John Tavener (28 January 1944 – 12 November 2013) was an English composer.
Tavener was knighted in 2000.
Yochanan Vollach (), also transliterated Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach, born 14 May 1945) is a former Israeli football player who played at: Hapoel Haifa, Maccabi Haifa, HKFC.
Chinchilla fur trade on an international level goes back to the 16th century.
Their fur is popular due because of its soft feel, which are mainly used in coats.
A single, full-length coat made from chinchilla fur may require as many as 150 pelts, as chinchillas are relatively small.
Their use for fur led to the extinction of one species, and put serious pressure on the other two.
Though it is illegal to hunt wild chinchillas, they are about to be extinct because of continued poaching.
Domesticated chinchillas are still bred for fur.
There are exact criteria to see if a certain species is threatened to become extinct.
These criteria are the same for all parts of the world.
The purpose of the list is to tell people how threatened a certain species is.
Politicians can then decide on what needs to be done and the efforts needed to save certain species from becoming extinct.
The bacillus was discovered by the physician Alexandre Yersin during an epidemic of the plague in Hong Kong, in 1894.
Yersin worked for the Pasteur Institute at the time.
Historians are currently divided about the role of Y.
pestis in the Black Death.
Some historians said that the Black Death spread far too fast.
Therefore, Y.
pestis could not have caused it.
DNA from Y.
pestis has been found in the teeth of some of the victims of the Black Death.
For this reason, Y.
pestis must have been at least a factor in some (but not necessarily all) European plague epidemics.
Wet suits are garments that oceangoers wear!
There are several types of DJs.
A radio DJ plays music files (like mp3) or recorded CDs on a radio station and announces the names of the songs.
A club DJ plays music files or recorded CDs over a PA system (an amplifier and loudspeakers) at a nightclub, rave, or disco.
A hip hop DJ uses turntables and vinyl records to do scratching and make music while other hip hop musicians do rapping (rhythmic type of singing).
A Reggae DJ plays recordings of rhythm instruments and then rap on top of the prerecorded track with a microphone.
In September 1995 a band was formed called The Pale Ones.
The band had Shawn Crahan on drums, Paul Gray on bass, Anders Colsefini on vocals and Donnie Steele on guitar.
Later Joey Jordison joined and became drummer, Crahan became a Percussionist.
The band also hired guitarist Josh Brainard and moved Colsefini to percussion and vocals.
The band performed their first concert on December 4, 1995, then they were called Meld.
Joey Jordison suggested naming the band Slipknot, after a song they had made.
The band started wearing masks because Shawn Crahan wore a clown mask and to get better into the music.
Bondi Beach is a beach in Sydney, Australia, about one kilometre long and roughly seven kilometres from the centre of the city.
Many Egyptian gods and goddesses started in one place, or were the tutelary deity of one place all through their history.
Many big cities and towns are known as the hometowns of their god or goddess.
However, no local cities where Isis was worshipped have been found; all through her early history there are no known temples to her.
Worship of Isis did not start until as late as the 30th dynasty; until that time Isis was worshipped in temples of other gods or goddesses.
However, even in the 30th dynasty Isis was worshipped together with Horus and Osiris.
Temples to Isis became common in the Roman times.
There was a temple built to her at Philae.
Trail ratings are often relative to the rest of the terrain at the ski resort- for example, the difficulty of a black diamond trail at a small ski area may be a rated as a blue square at a bigger resort with harder trails.
The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.
Some groups still claim he did not do this crime.
Sankofa's supporters brought his case international attention.
They also say that it is against international law to put someone to death for a crime they did before they became an adult of 18 years of age.
Galina Vishnevskaya (born Leningrad, October 25, 1926 - December 11, 2012) was a Russian opera singer and recitalist.
Famous small family chapels are at Haddon Hall in Derbyshire and in the Riccardi Medici Palace in Florence.
This small chapel has famous frescoes of the Three Kings by Benozzo Gozzoli.
Link is the main character from The Legend of Zelda series.
It seems that Masaccio and Masolino happily planned a scheme of frescoes that went together is a pleasing way, even though they are in two styles.
It is not hard to tell which scenes Masolino painted and which were done by Masaccio.
Masolino's are prettier and more elegant.
Masaccio's scenes show figures that are strong and have drapes like the statues that he saw in Rome.
The thing that was most different in his painting to other artists of the same time was that the figures looked very solid and three-dimensional.
He was influenced by the paintings of Giotto who had worked in Florence at the Church of Santa Croce nearly a hundred years earlier, but whose style of painting had given way to the International Gothic style.
Then, in the 1940s, John Pope-Hennessy, the director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, realised that the museum owned a work of art that was exactly the thing that was missing from the Brancacci Chapel.
It was a thin, almost flat marble slab delicately carved with the scene of Jesus giving the Keys to Peter.
It was just the right size to make the front of an altar.
And although it could not be proved, it was almost certainly carved by Masaccio's friend, Donatello.
Masaccio has painted this very holy scene as if it was taking place in a deep recess or small chapel in the wall of the church.
He has done this by using very accurate perspective.
It is believed that the architect Brunelleschi may have helped him with this, as the painted architecture looks very much like buildings that Brunelleschi designed.
Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark.
Serpa solar power plant (also known as Hércules solar power plant) is a power plant found in Serpa, Portugal.
It was begun in June 2006 and finished in January 2007.
The plant consists of a photovoltaic system that uses silicon solar cell technology to convert sunlight directly into energy.
The Serpa solar power plant uses 52,000 photovoltaic modules manufactured by SunPower, Sanyo, and Sharp.
The plant uses a new tracking system that follows the Sun's daily path across the sky.
The United Nation Environment Programme's Indian Solar Loan Programme has won the World award for Sustainability for helping to establish a householder loan program for solar home power systems.
The main reasons for homelessness have been studied in many reports and studies.
The history of Salland goes back to the early Middle Ages, when the four quarters of Oversticht (Salland, Twente, Land van Vollenhove and Drenthe) came together.
Zack Whedon (born August 14, 1979) is an American television writer.
He graduated from Wesleyan University in 2002 with a movie degree.
Whedon has written for the HBO series Deadwood.
He is the son of writer Tom Whedon and the brother of writer-producer-director Joss Whedon.
The Code of Hammurabi is the longest-surviving text from the Old Babylonian period.
The Code of Hammurabi was one of several sets of laws in the ancient Near East.
The code of laws was arranged in groups, so that everyone who read the laws would know what was required of them.
There were earlier laws, and later laws such as the Law of Moses in the Hebrew Bible.
In November 2013 Allen recorded a cover of Keane's Somewhere Only We Know for the Christmas advert for John Lewis.
It reached No.1 in the UK and Ireland.
In the year 922 the name Quedlinburg was first mentioned in a paper from King Henry I the Fowler of Germany.
In the first half of the 10th century the Hungarians with their horses attacked many places all over central Europe.
King Henry built up a castle to give the farmers around a place to hide.
In 936 the king died and his body was buried on the castle hill in Quedlinburg.
His widow, Matilda, and his son, King Otto I, set up a convent for ladies.
The tasks of this convent included the commemoration of King Henry I and the education of young ladies to get better chances to get married.
This convent on the hill was dissolved in 1803.
First abbess of the ladies-convent was Matilda, the daughter of King Otto I and granddaughter of Queen Matilda.
This old town was used by merchants to sell and buy textiles and so it grew larger.
In the middle of the 12th century a new town was created by the abbess of the ladies-convent.
In 1330 both towns were united.
They got stronger in power and in 1477 they tried to get totally independent of the abbess.
But military troops sent by the brothers of the abbess occupied both towns.
All the citizens got under control of the abbess again.
In 1541 the Protestant Reformation reached the convent and the town and everybody changed their beliefs to the Protestant religion.
The modern Coast Guard can be said to date to 1915, when the Revenue Cutter Service merged with the U.S.
Life-Saving Service when Congress formalized the existence of the new organization.
In 1939, the Lighthouse Service was brought under the Coast Guard's purview.
In 1942, the Bureau of Marine Inspection and Navigation was transferred to the Coast Guard.
Sean Paul Ryan Francis Henriques (born 9 January 1973) is a Jamaican rapper, singer, and songwriter.
Sean Paul appeared as himself in the 1998 movie Belly.
In 2000 he released his first album, Stage One.
In 2003 Sean Paul had his first number one single.
He was featured on Beyoncé Knowles' 2003 number one single Baby Boy.
In 2003 he also rapped on Blue Cantrell's UK number one single Breathe.
In 2006 Sean Paul rapped in Rihanna's single Break It Off.
He rapped on Pitbull's 2011 single Shake Señora with T-Pain.
Sean Paul's sixth album Full Frequency will be released on February 18, 2014.
The first single off the album, Other Side of Love, was released to iTunes on September 10, 2013.
It reached number one in the UK R&B Chart.
Full Frequency includes songs with Nicki Minaj, 2 Chainz, Juicy J, and Iggy Azalea.
The strong taste that people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process.
Fresh anchovies, known in Italy as alici, have a much softer and gentler flavor.
In English-speaking countries, alici are sometimes called white anchovies, and are often served in a weak vinegar marinade.
Many indigenous Australians suffered when Europeans from Britain and Ireland arrived in Australia.
Disease and the loss of their hunting lands are two of the reasons.
Amun was one of the eight ancient Egyptian gods who formed the Ogdoad of Hermopolis.
He was the god of the air and his consort was Ament (Amaunet).
Despite their name, most brown dwarfs would appear magenta to the human eye.
This is a list of Germanic deities that are in Norse mythology.
Nut had a strong relationship with Geb, her twin brother, as well as Thoth the god of scribes and wisdom.
She was the goddess of the Sky and Geb was the god of the Earth.
In the morning they were separated but at night they came together, which created the darkness.
This is a story the ancient Egyptians used to explain their 365-day calendar.
Nut loved Geb and Thoth, but she was married to Ra.
When Ra found out about her secret loves, he was furious.
He told Nut that she could not have any children on any of the 360 days of the year.
This saddened her, so she went to Thoth for help.
She gambled with Khonsu (the moon god) to create 5 more days, so she and Geb could have five children.
The children were: Osiris was first, Horus was second, Set was third, Isis was fourth, and Nephthys was the fifth.
She and Ra also had one daughter named Sekhmet, the lion goddess, who had a flip personality called Hathor the goddess of love and peace.
As in the fresco of Sir John Hawkwood, Uccello does not use many colours.
The pictures are painted in white, pale grey, blue grey and just a little black.
The landscape is grey, the water is blue-grey, the people are white with grey shadows.
But the paintings are made lively by all the bits of red.
All the man-made things, like the Ark, the old doors, barrels, up-side-down tables and broken things that are floating on the flood water, are all painted in the same red colour.
Some of the people are wearing big black and white hats that were popular in Florence.
In the disaster of the flood, one man is floating in a barrel.
Another man, seeing an old man standing on a little hill, has grabbed him round the ankles to pull himself up.
Another man, with part of his great big fashionable hat slipped down around his neck, is thumping on the wall of the ark with a club.
The wind is blowing, the rain is pouring down and twigs and branches are flying in the wind.
It is a scene of terror.
To sing as a round, one singer (or group of singers) would begin at the beginning, a second singer would start at the beginning as the first got to the point marked with the red cross, then the third would join in when the second singer got to the red cross, and so on until all six were singing.
The repeated pattern is marked Pes.
The instructions are written in Latin.
Strikes: The player gets three strikes before they are out.
This is called a strikeout.
There were several reasons that the Thirty Years' War started.
Secondly, the powerful countries in Europe in the 17th century often disagreed about matters of politics or economics.
Spain wanted land in some of the Holy Roman Empire states in what is now Germany because the empire owned some of the Spanish Netherlands.
The Dutch fought the Spanish to get independence and got it after some wars, which ended in 1609.
The purchase price of a CFL is often much higher than an incandescent lamp of the same output, and the light from CFLs looks different to light from incandescent lamps.
CFLs have a longer rated life and use less energy than an incandescent lamp of the same brightness.
A CFL can save over US$30 in electricity costs over the lamp’s lifetime compared to an incandescent lamp.
Finally, in 1852, he decided to give up being a lawyer, and become a full-time professional writer instead.
His father was very unhappy with this decision, but Verne was stubborn and strong-minded, so he went ahead with his plans.
Verne married Aimée du Fraysse de Viane in January 1857 with his father's blessing.
In August 1861, their son was born.
Nicolas Sarkozy (born 28 January 1955) is a French politician.
He was the 23rd President of France and, because of that position, ex officio Co-Prince of Andorra from 16 May 2007 to 15 May 2012 succeeding Jacques Chirac.
Paracetamol is considered safe for use.
The drug is easily available without a prescription.
People often take too much Paracetamol.
Sometimes this is because people do not know how much they should take.
The recommended dose may not work for some people.
Other times it is because they are trying to commit suicide.
Very often, a person's liver can be hurt when they take too much Paracetamol.
A dose of 150 milligrams for every kilogram of the person's weight (about 10 grams for most adults) will lead to permanent liver damage, and may cause the liver to fail.
For people whose livers have already been damaged, such as alcoholics, and for those with a limited secretion of Paracetamol, this amount can be much smaller.
The movie has a very random and abstract nature.
Despite the film's title, Elephants Dream does not have any elephants or dreams.
It instead has Proog and Emo in an extremely bizarre construction referred to only as the machine.
Proog tries to introduce Emo to its nature, but Emo is reluctant (If a person is reluctant to do something, he/she does not want to do it).
and argues about its purpose.
This invention was not widely used at first.
The French engineer Charles Joseph Minard was one of the first to use it.
In 1858 he used them in maps to add information in a third dimension.
Nightingale was one of the first to use graphics to get important statistics to the reading public.
The polar area diagram is similar to a usual pie chart, except sectors are equal angles and differ rather in how far each sector extends from the center of the circle.
The polar area diagram is used to plot cyclic phenomena (e.g., count of deaths by month).
For example, if the count of deaths in each month for a year are to be plotted then there will be 12 sectors (one per month) all with the same angle of 30 degrees each.
The radius of each sector would be proportional to the square root of the death count for the month, so the area of a sector represents the number of deaths in a month.
The NOT logic gate has only one input.
If the input is On then the output will be Off.
In other words, the NOT logic gate changes the signal from On to Off or from Off to On.
It is sometimes called an inverter.
XOR (exclusive or) gates have two inputs.
The output of a XOR gate will be true only if the two inputs are different from each other.
If both inputs are the same, the output will be off.
The three daily prayers in Judaism are Shaharit (Shacharit) for morning prayer, Minha (Mincha) for afternoon prayer and Arvit or Maariv for evening prayer.
The basics of each prayer consist of the Shema (although the afternoon prayer does not require Shema), and the Amida (standing prayer) which is the definitive prayer of each service.
Fundamentally, when a Jew says prayer, he or she means Amida.
Everything else (which is largely Psalms) is just detail.
This was changed in 1912 when Picasso first started painting with colours and using collages.
Collage is when you glue together different cut-up pieces of paper to make an artwork.
This new form of Cubism was called Synthetic Cubism.
Picasso invented collage because he was tired of the way he was making his art, and wanted to try out something new.
The geographical character of the district north and north-east of the elbow of Orontes makes it the perfect natural centre of Syria, so long as that country is held by a western power; and only Asiatic, and especially Arab, dynasties have neglected it for the oasis of Damascus.
During the Crusades, the Christian crusaders laid siege to Antioch.
One Wijerd Jelckamas ancestors from his father's side of the family had died at the Siege of Antioch.
Industrially, crude oil is heated and sent up along the fractionating column that has decreasing temperatures with height and several platforms at different levels to collect the condensate.
Different components of crude oil have different boiling points.
High molecular weight components have higher boiling points and condense at lower portions of the column while fractions with lower boiling points rise to the top of the column to condense.
Odor is a sensation caused by molecules dissolved in air.
The widest range of odors are made up of organic compounds although some inorganic substances, such as hydrogen sulfide and ammonia, are also odorants.
The perception of an odor effect is a two step process.
First, there is the physiological part; the sense of the stimulus by receptors in the nose.
Because of this, an objective and analytical measure of odor is impossible.
The Spanish government wants to produce 12 percent of primary energy from renewable energy by 2010.
That would mean a solar generating capacity of 400 megawatts.
In March 2007, Europe's first commercial concentrating solar power tower plant was opened near the sunny southern Spanish city of Seville.
The 11 megawatt plant, known as the PS10 solar power tower, produces electricity with 624 large heliostats.
Each of these mirrors has a surface measuring 120 square meters (1,290 square feet) that concentrates the Sun's rays to the top of a 115-meter (377 foot) high tower where a solar receiver and a steam turbine are located.
The turbine drives a generator, producing electricity.
PS10 is the first of a set of solar electric power generation plants to be constructed in the same area that will total more than 300MW by 2013.
This power generation will be accomplished using a variety of technologies.
BP Solar has begun constructing a new solar photovoltaic (PV) solar cell manufacturing plant at its European headquarters in Tres Cantos, Madrid.
Like many Japanese noodles, soba noodles are often served drained and chilled in the summer, and hot in the winter with a soy-based dashi broth.
Extra toppings can be added onto both hot and cold soba.
Toppings are chosen to reflect the seasons and to balance with other ingredients.
Most toppings are added without much cooking, although some are deep-fried.
Most of these dishes may also be prepared with udon.
Soba noodles often have a witdh of around 1.5 mm.
When a drawing or model or photograph of an object is larger or smaller than the original, the scale represents how much the object has been grown or shrunk.
The Most Noble Order of the Garter is an English order of chivalry.
It was started in 1348, by King Edward III of England.
The Order is the highest level of knighthood that can be given by the English monarch.
It is the world's oldest national order of knighthood.
Membership in the Order is limited to those people who have done many great things for the United Kingdom.
HD DVD, also known as High-Definition DVD, was an optical disc that is able to store large amounts of data, such as high-definition videos.
Now, the HD DVD type is now considered dead.
This exchange of plants and animals changed European, American, African, and Asian ways of life.
Foods that had never been seen before by .people he is eating my balls.
The final champion was Randy Orton.
He beat then-champion John Cena on December 15, 2013 at .
He was already WWE Champion when he won the championship and unified the World Heavyweight Championship with the WWE Championship to make the WWE World Heavyweight Championship.
The World Heavyweight Championship was retired the next day.
One famous tune that was written down is the round Sumer is icumen in.
It was written down by a monk.
Monks could often read and write.
Composers wrote many masses and motets.
The 16th century also saw the birth of the madrigal: secular (not religious) songs which were often about love.
The madrigal started in Italy and became very popular for a short while in England from the 1580s.
There were lots of other secular songs such as the chanson, canzonetta and villanelle.
Songs were often accompanied by a lute.
in 1972 Gene Simmons together with guitarist Paul Stanley are the band Kiss, Gene and Paul join the band the musicians Ace Frehley on guitar and Peter Criss on drums and vocals.
One of the characteristics of the band were his outlandish makeup and costumes.
In 1973 Kiss; Paul Stanley guitar and voice, Gene Simmons bass and voice, Ace Frehley in lead guitar released their first album Kiss, Gene composed the hit Strutter with Stanley, and Deuce two of the biggest hits of the band.
Kiss recorded their second album Hotter Than Hell, released on October 22, 1974.
In 1975 the band released the third album Dressed to Kill, with the theme Rock and Roll All Nite, the most successful of the band, written by Simmons and Stanley.
Gene with Kiss, recorded with two of the best live albums Alive!
(1975) and Alive II (1977).
In 1976 and 1977 he edited two of the best albums of the band Destroyer released on March 15, 1976, and Love Gun released on June 30, 1977.
Gene Simmons as the other members of Kiss released the solo album Gene Simmons released for sale in 1978.
In 1979 he recorded with Kiss Dynasty a disc-themed disco.
After the album Unmasked (1980), Peter Criss left the band, Gene and Paul chose Eric Carr replaced Criss, in the drummer.
In 1982 he joined the band the guitarist Vinnie Vincent in substitution for Ace Frehley.
With the newly formed launch the album Creatures of the Night, Gene Simmons composed the theme I Love It Loud one of the most powerful of Kiss.
In 1983 Kiss appears without makeup on the cover of the album Lick It Up, the band had changed their style of Hard Rock for the Heavy Metal style.
For 1984 released the album Animalize, another powerful album of Heavy Metal.
Mark St.
John as lead guitarist, was incorporated in replacing Vinnie Vincent.
Mark left the band in 1985 and was replaced by Bruce Kulick, who would maintain the lead guitar until 1997.
In 1989 Gene recorded with Kiss one of their best album Hot in the Shade, with two of the best tracks from the band Hide Your Heart and Forever.
In 1991 the premature death of Eric Carr forced to Gene and Paul to seek replacements, They chose a young drummer Eric Singer, who had worked with Alice Cooper.
With Singer on drums the band released the album Revenge released on May 19, 1992, an album that recalled the band's early records.
They also recorded the third live album Alive III (1993).
After inviting former members of Kiss Criss and Frehley to record the acoustic album.
Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley decided, to Frehley and Criss will incorporate the band.
Kiss original training again with face painting, leave and turn around the United States and the world.
With the original Kiss recorded Psycho Circus (1998) a studio album after 18 years.
Omsk is a city in Russia in the Siberia region, capital of Omsk Oblast.
As of the census in 2010, Omsk had been declared one of the cities in Russia with over 1 million people.
Omsk is close to the border of Kazakhstan.
Some composers are very precise about writing the dynamics they want.
Others leave a lot to the performer to decide.
Historically, composers several centuries ago, such as Bach, only wrote occasional dynamic marks.
Even Mozart only wrote a few, mostly p and f.
By the 19th century composers were writing dynamics in much more detail in their music.
Like Parmigiano Reggiano, Grana Padano is a semi-fat hard cheese which is cooked and ripened slowly (for up to 18 months).
It is produced by curdling the milk of grass-fed cows.
The cows are milked twice a day, the milk is left to stand, and then partially creamed.
It is produced all year round and the quality can vary seasonally as well as by year.
Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with reptiles and amphibians.
It is about cold-blooded animals like salamanders, frogs, toads, snakes, lizards, turtles, tuataras and crocodilians.
All societies have laws against fraud, but the details differ in each jurisdiction.
In England an Act of Parliament defines three kinds of fraud.
Although there is some disagreement about which crimes are hudud crimes, they usually include theft, highway robbery, zina (sex with forbidden partners), falsely accusing someone of zina, and drinking alcohol.
The prescribed punishments for these crimes range from 80 lashes to death.
However, classical jurists developed very strict rules which restrict when these punishments could be applied, so that in many cases it became almost impossible to convict anyone under these rules.
For example, there must be four adult male Muslim witnesses to a hudud crime or a confession repeated four times, before someone can be punished.
If a criminal could not be convicted of a hudud crime, they could still receive a tazir punishment.
Once a person stops drinking alcohol, they are called sober.
Most people need other treatments to help them stay sober.
In anatomy, the word ligament usually means the fibrous tissue that joins bones to other bones or cartilages.
1.
FC Cologne, also known by its German name 1.
FC Köln or simply just FC Cologne, is a football club that is from Cologne, Germany.
The 1.
FC KOLN was created in 1948.
It was a connection of two football clubs in Cologne (Kölner BC 01 und SpVgg Sülz 07).
The case remained unsolved and cold for several years, partly due to the volume of tips pouring in to the police who investigated the crime.
All Saints' Day is celebrated by Catholic Christians on November 1.
Other Christians celebrate it as well.
(May not be on the same day) It is a mandatory Catholic holiday.
It is celebrated in the Catholic Church.
<poem>Long live my country, the unity of our Emirates lives.
You've lived for the nation's faith of Islam and guide of the Quran.
My country, my country, my country, my country.
God protected you from the evils of time.
work earnestly, work earnestly.
The safety has lasted, the flag has lived, o our Emirates!
JSPWiki is a feature-rich and extensible WikiWiki software built around the standard J2EE components (Java, servlets, JSP).
The Croatian language is spoken mainly throughout the countries of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina and in the surrounding countries of Europe.
Croatian grammar is the grammar of the Croatian language.
The Croatian language consists of three vernaculars (Kaikavian, Chakavian and Shtokavian).
Croatian grammar books show that the codification of the language started at the beginning of the 17th century (the first grammar was written by Bartol Kašić in Latin in 1604).
This means that the rules for the language were written down.
From 1604 to 1836 there were 17 grammars.
Most of them described the Štokavian dialect, but some were about Kajkavian.
In the 19th century, more grammars based on Štokavian were written.
They were Nova ricsoslovnica illiricka, written by Šime Starčević (1812), and Grammatik der illyrischen Sprache, written by Ignjat Alojzije Brlić (1833).
Even before the 19th century, the three dialects of the Croatian language were almost equally used.
However, the way each dialect was written down varied throughout Croatia.
Near the Adriatic coast, it was more similar to Italian, and near the Hungarian border, it was more similar to Hungarian.
All grammars of the above period (1604-1836) used three accents: acute, grave and circumflex, Starčević's grammar is an exception as it uses a system of four accents.
In Croatian, nouns change form depending on the composition of the sentence.
This is called declension.
For people who are learning Croatian, declension is the most difficult part of the language to master.
It is very complicated and time-consuming to explain it and because of that we will use simpler techniques.
However, many languages have noun and pronoun declension, including English.
In English, though, only pronoun declension now remains.
Let us start by explaining all of the seven Croatian grammatical cases.
The technique that is most frequently used in determining grammatical cases (the same technique is used in Croatian schools when taught to children) is by asking yourself a question when you are trying to figure out which case a noun should be in.
In Croatian, grammatical cases are called padeži (plural) and padež (singular).
The question you will ask yourself here is: “Where is Krešimir going?.
And the answer is that he's going to school.
By looking at the table below you will see that the question 'where' is used for the Locative case.
Croatian nouns are divided into three genders: the masculine, feminine and neuter gender.
To know a noun's gender is very important because it affects all the words in a sentence that are tied to the noun, such as adjectives.
A gender is determined by the noun's ending (with some exceptions).
This makes it easier to tell what gender a noun is without memorizing the gender of every word.
See the table below.
The Croatian week starts with Monday and ends with Sunday, unlike weeks from some other countries, where Sunday is the first day and Saturday the last.
The number of individuals who are members of historical Protestant Churches totals to 300-400 million.
In biological taxonomy, race is an informal rank below the level of subspecies.
It may be used as a higher rank than strain.
There are various definitions.
Races may be genetically distinct populations in the same species, or they may be defined in other ways, e.g.
geographically, or physiologically.
Genetic isolation between races is not complete (some interbreeding takes place between the groups).
They were in search of trading goods such as gold, silver and spices.
In the process, Europeans met people and mapped lands previously unknown to them.
Among the most famous explorers of the period were Christopher Columbus, Vasco da Gama, Pedro Álvares Cabral, John Cabot, , Juan Ponce de León, Juan Sebastian Elcano, Bartholomeu Dias, Ferdinand Magellan, Willem Barentsz, Abel Tasman, Jean Alfonse, Jacques Cartier, Samuel de Champlain, and Willem Blaeu.
In the 16th century, Spanish conquistadores gained the whole of what later became Latin America, except some British and French colonies in northeastern South America, and Brazil, which belonged to Portugal.
The Spanish concentrated on conquest, unlike the Portuguese who focused on trading.
They eventually developed a vast colonial empire, in contrast to the Portuguese who ruled a few islands and coastal cities along the Indian Ocean.
During the Iberian Union of Spain and Portugal under King Philip II of Spain , their combined empire was the largest on earth.
In Korea, it is used to create a syrupy tea (called Yuja cha) where the slices of whole fruit are eaten with the sweet tea.
The fruit is thinly sliced (peel, pith and pulp) and soaked or cooked in honey or sugar to create a chunky syrup.
This syrupy candied fruit is mixed with hot water as a fragrant tea, where the fruit at the bottom of the cup is eaten as well.
Often perserved in the syrup for the cold months, Yuja tea served as a source of fruit in winter.
It is also popular in Taiwan, where it is known as 柚子茶 (Youzi cha).
Alfred Cortot, Jacques Thibaud and Pablo Casals were world famous musicians who played and recorded piano trios in the early 20th century.
Since the earth is a geoid resembling a sphere, the sun’s rays strike the surface at different angles at different places.
This depends on the latitude of the place.The higher the latitude, the less is the angle they make with the surface of the earth.
The earth is revolving around the sun in an elliptical orbit, resulting continuous change in the distance between sun and the earth on annual basis.
It leads to seasonal variation in solar energy received by the earth.The mean distance between the earth and sun is about 149,600,000 kilometers(92,900,000 miles).When earth position is farthest(152 million km) from sun is known as ‘aphelion’ on July 4.
It is perihelion(147 million km)occurs on January 3 each year which is the closest distance.
During aphelion the northern hemisphere is facing the sun and therefore receives energy about 7 percent less than the perihelion (southern hemisphere).
Eukaryote aerobic respiration produces about 30 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule.
MenuetOS (also known as MeOS) is an operating system for architecture computers for x86 and x86-64 processors, by Ville Mikael Turjanmaa.
It is a very small system, which can be run from a floppy disk.
It is written in only assembly code, and works fast because of these differences and because it has less code overhead.
The term orthodoxy or orthodox is typically used to label or identify a specific kind of theology and doctrine of religion.
A kite shield is a Middle Age shield in the shape of a kite.
The kite shield was used by many knights and people for protection, but was given up for two-handed weapons and more mobility.
The Socialist Party (Parti Socialiste, PS) is a political party in France, historically the largest left-wing party from its creation in 1969 to the 2000s, then, since the 2010s, a center-left party.
The SFIO did not nominate a candidate for the 1965 election.
Consequently, it supported the candidacy of François Mitterrand, a former minister of the Fourth Republic who had been a conservative, then an independent of the left.
He was resolutely anti-Gaullist.
He obtained an honourable result and faced De Gaulle in an unexpected second ballot.
He thus appeared as the leader of the non-Communist left.
Chantal travelled northeast over open waters, missing the island of Bermuda, before weakening and being destroyed by a frontal system on September 15.
As Chantal never made landfall, no damage or fatalities were reported that was related to the storm.
However, Chantal created giant waves that were 30–40 ft (9–12 m) high across the East Coast of the United States.
This was a depression that formed over the Lesser Antilles.
It caused no major damage.
Edda or the plural Eddas or Eddur, including Poetic Edda (or Older Edda) and Prose Edda (or Younger Edda), are two collections of stories about Viking deities.
They were made in around 9th to 13th century by Icelandic Christian historians.
In Egyptian mythology, Sekhmet was the goddess of the sun, fire plagues, healing and war.
She had the head of a lioness and the body of a woman.
She was married to Ptah, the god of healing.
They balanced each other.
It was believed that her breath created the desert.
Chinese giant salamanders have lived as long as 75 years in captivity.
It eats aquatic insects, fish, frogs and also crabs and shrimps.
Manfred Albrecht Freiherr von Richthofen (2 May 1892 - 21 April 1918) was a German fighter aircraft pilot in World War I.
His nickname was the Red Baron.
He is considered the ace-of-aces of the war, being officially credited with 80 air combat victories.
The Red Baron is one of the most famous aviators in history and the subject of numerous representations in music, film and other media.
He already received numerous honors and award for his exploits.
Richthofen was born in Breslau, Germany.
Traditional Chinese characters are one of the two commonly used forms of Chinese characters.
As its name shows, it is the traditional written form of the Chinese language that first came about during the Han Dynasty (shortly after the Qin Dynasty) in 206 BC.
The name traditional is used to set them apart from simplified Chinese characters.
Tropical Depression Six formed on November 18 and quickly strengthened into a tropical storm.
The storm curved northeast and strengthened further, reaching hurricane strength on November 20.
However, a high pressure system to the north caused the storm to fall apart.
Frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on November 21.
Nowruz has been celebrated by people from different ethnic communities and religious backgrounds for thousands of years.
It started in Persia in one of the capitals of the Achaemenid Empire in Persis (Fars).
It has been registered by UNESCO as The International Day of Nowruz a cultural and spiritual heritage of mankind on October 29, 2009.
UN General Assembly also registered Nowruz as an Iranian heritage in its calendar.
UN General Assembly described it as a festival celebrated for more than 3,000 years.
Nowadays more than 300 million people celebrate it all over the world .UN document explained on March 23rd 2010.
Iran hosted celebrating Nowruz in the United Nations and UNESCO for the first time in 2012.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also issued a message on the occasion.
According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name, Nowruz was originated in ancient Persia.
This celebration is attributed to the mythical king Jamshid.
Iranians celebrated Nowruz continuously at least since 500 BC .Historically the ethnics residing in geographical civilization of PERSIA have celebrated changing of the seasons or solar rotations, the equinoxes (March ( 21st) and September (about 23rd) and the solstices in June (20th or 21st) and December (21st or 22nd).
they in fact were honoring and welcoming sun developments and return of spirit of the dead in this special days.
there are indications that Iranians may have observed the beginning of both autumn and spring, respectively related to the harvest and the sowing of seeds, for the celebration of the New Year.
Tropical Depression One formed offshore North Carolina.
One became Tropical Storm Arthur.
Tropical Storm Arthur crossed part of the Atlantic moving northeast.
Arthur curved north after moving northeast.
Arthur started dying but Arthur made landfall in Newfoundland before completely dying on July 16.
Bertha formed very quickly into a tropical storm from a tropical depression on August 4.
Only two hours after that Bertha made landfall in Boothville, Louisiana.
Over Louisiana it weakened to a tropical depression.
Bertha went back into the Gulf of Mexico but did not become a tropical storm again.
On September 9 Bertha made landfall again near Kingsville, Texas, Bertha died only ten hours later.
Bertha left only $200,000 in damage and killed only 1 person.
Edouard formed on September 1 as Tropical Depression Five.
Five because a tropical storm.
Edouard made a loop and weakened.
Edouard made landfall in Ormond Beach, Florida on September 5 as a very weak tropical storm.
Edouard died after crossing Florida.
No one knows the damage and no one was killed by Edouard.
Tropical Depression Seven formed from a tropical wave on September 7.
It had a maximum wind speed of 35 mph and a minimum pressure of 1013 mbar.
It moved usually west, and was later torn apart by wind shear on September 8.
It did not have an effect on land.
On September 8 Subtropical Depression Eight formed.
Eight became a subtropical storm and was named Gustav.
After that Gustav became a tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Gustav moved very close to Cape Hatteras, North Carolina.
Gustav moved away and became a hurricane on September 11.
Gustav then moved very fast and made landfall over Nova Scotia and Newfoundland before Gustav died on September 12.
Since Gustav became a hurricane on September 11 it was the latest day ever for a tropical storm to become a hurricane in the Atlantic.
Gustav killed 4 people and left $340,000 in damage.
Tropical Storm Hanna formed in the as Tropical Depression Nine.
Nine quickly became Tropical Storm Hanna before making landfall near the border of Mississippi and Alabama on September 14.
Hanna left $20 million in damage and killed 3 people.
Isidore started as Tropical Depression Ten on September 14.
Ten crossed Venezuela not long after forming.
Because it stay over and near Venezuela Ten fell apart and was not a tropical depression after that.
The remains became Tropical Depression Ten again on September 17.
The next day Ten became Tropical Storm Isidore.
Isidore later on became a hurricane and moved slowly over Cuba and the Yucatán Peninsula.
The storm made landfall in Louisiana as a tropical storm on September 26.
Isidore fell apart again and was last seen on September 27 before it went into a frontal zone in Pennsylvania.
Isidore left $1.3 billion in damage and 22 deaths.
No one knows the damage in Cuba.
Tropical Storm Josephine was a weak tropical storm that formed on September 17 as Tropical Depression Eleven.
It became a tropical storm later on before it died only two days later, which was September 19.
Josephine did not cause damage or kill anyone.
Hurricane Kyle lasted more than 3 weeks.
Hurricane Kyle started as a Subtropical Depression on September 20.
It became a subtropical storm, then a tropical storm, and after that, a hurricane.
It weakened back to a tropical storm and down to a tropical depression.
It became a tropical storm again and made a landfall in McClellanville, South Carolina.
Kyle made its second and last landfall in Long Beach, North Carolina on the same day.
Kyle left only $5 million in damage and killed only 1 person.
Tropical Depression Fourteen formed from a tropical wave on October 14.
It had maximum wind speeds of 35 mph, and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar.
For most of the time, it was predicted to become a tropical storm, and to go up through the Bahamas.
However, strong wind shear from the northeast did not allow development, and after making landfall in southern Cuba on October 16, it was destroyed by a cold front.
Although it created heavy rains, there was no damage.
The Arizona Coyotes are an ice hockey team that plays in the NHL.
They play in Tempe, Arizona.
Early in the year, alpine newts mate.
During that time, the males have a blue color on their sides but not too much to overlap their white-black-spotted flank.
Their belly is a bright orange.
It was the language once spoken in the Republic of Venice.
After being traded to the Canucks, Naslund was not used in games.
The Vancouver coach thought that he was not very good, so Naslund asked to be traded.
But he was not.
Suddenly, he was put in the lineup and did quite well compared to the rest of the team, which were struggling.
In 2000, he was put with Todd Bertuzzi and they scored many goals together.
Naslund was now a superstar and in 2004 he reached career highs and the NHL gave him the Lester B.
Pearson award.
A pangolin's main predators are wild cats, hyenas and humans.
The city is located on the western coast of Grande Comore island.
Moroni is served by the Prince Said Ibrahim International Airport.
There is also a harbour which has ship which go between the African mainland and the islands in the Comoros archipelago, as well as Madagascar and other Indian ocean islands.
Brigham Young University (BYU) is an American university.
It is named after the second Latter-day Saints prophet, Brigham Young.
The school is in Provo, Utah.
Their team colors are royal blue and white.
Their mascot is the cougar.
Their rivals are University of Utah.
In 1994 Kim was a member of rap group Junior M.A.F.I.A..
The group released one album Conspiracy in 1995.
It is also home to more than 350 species of birds, 300 species of fresh and saltwater fish, 40 species of mammals, and 50 species of reptiles live within Everglades National Park.
In 2009, ITV1 HD launched as a high definition channel on Freeview HD and 5 months later on other platforms.
Bari has a hot-summer Mediterranean climate (Csa in the Koeppen climate classification) with mild winters and hot, dry summers.
Snowfall is rare.
Members of this genus range in size from 80 to 125 mm (head and body) and weigh 15-47 grams (Nowak, 1999).
Unlike the silky pocket mice (genus Perognathus), most species of the genus Chaetodipus have harsh pelage with some bordering on spiny hair.
They tend to be found in arid habitats where they feed on seeds, vegetation, and insects (Nowak, 1999).
Females give birth to a litter of 2-9 young after a gestation period of just under a month.
The longest recorded lifespan is 8 years and 4 months (Nowak, 1999).
Barely clinging to life but desperate to survive, Frieza begs and begs for mercy, which Goku hesitantly provides.
Frieza's arrogance refuses to allow him to be beaten and saved by a Saiyan monkey, and he expends what little energy he has left to attack Goku.
Overcome with anger, Goku fires a Ki blast that consumes both Frieza and his attack, seemingly ending Frieza's reign over the universe.
In Dragon Ball GT, he teams up with Cell to act as a distraction for Goku while a horde of villains from the Z-Fighters' past escape Hell.
Frieza traps Goku in the next world, but even allied with Cell, he is eventually defeated and remains in Hell.
He also appears in footage from the Famicom game (and later Playdia remake) Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans.
In it Frieza seems to be somehow resurrected, with he and past villains Cooler, Tullece, and Lord Slug attacking Goku and his friends.
Once it's revealed these are merely ghost-warriors meant to distract the heroes, however, the false Frieza and his allies are easily dealt with.
Mate is a traditional drink in some countries in South America, especially in Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Bolivia and Brazil.
The drink, which contains mateine (an analog of caffeine), is made by an infusion of dried leaves of yerba mate (Ilex paraguariensis).
It is usually drunk with friends and served in a hollow calabash gourd with a Bombilla, a special metallic drinking straw.
The straw is also called a bomba in Portuguese, and a bombija in Arabic.
It is traditionally made of silver.
The gourd is known as a mate or a guampa.
In Brazil it called a cuia.
Even if the water comes in a very modern thermos, the drink is traditionally drunk from mates or cuias.
There are now modern tea-bag type infusions of mate called mate cocido which have been sold in Argentina for many years.
They are drunk from a cup.
They are sold under such trade names as Cruz de Malta (Maltese Cross) and in Brazil under the name Mate Leão (Lion Mate).
Yerba mate, Ilex paraguariensis, is a species of holly (family Aquifoliaceae) native to subtropical South America.
It grows in Argentina, southern Paraguay, western Uruguay and southern Brazil.
Apep was a fifty foot long snake.
He was black, orange, and a little bit green.
Apep was very strong.
He symbolized darkness, storms, night, the underworld and death.
Ramses sixth tomb depicted him, having nine heads, representing the souls he killed.
In the Late Period, she became linked with the goddess, Anuket.
A hypothesis is a proposed explanation for some event or problem.
For a scientific hypothesis, the scientific method requires that one can test it.
Adenosine diphosphate (or ADP) is the chemical that plants make ATP from, during photosynthesis.
Lilongwe has a damp subtropical climate, bordering a subtropical highland climate (Köppen: Cwa), with pleasantly warm summers and mild winters.
Due to its altitude, temperatures are lower than other cities located in the tropics.
Lilongwe has a short wet season from December to March and a long dry season during much of the rest of the year.
However it has a strong rain season, with around during the wettest months.
Shu belongs to the cosmic deities and as such no temples were dedicated to him.
Cosmic deity's were never worshipped in a personified form, therefore there was no need for temples to worshipped them.
A chapel was built to Shu, Atum, and Tefnut.
No festivals has been historically verified Shu was worshipped through prayers and gatherings.
Multimedia is communication that uses more than one type of information content (e.g.
text, audio, graphics, animation, video) to inform or entertain the audience (user).
Multimedia also means the use of electronic media to store and experience multimedia content.
The Greek historians told that town was celebrated for its temple and oracle of the goddess Wadjet.
The Ancient Egyptian scribe was an important job.
Ancient Egypt also had its painters and artisans who decorated tombs, buildings, furniture, statues, and other relics with pictures and hieroglyphics.
In Ancient Egypt, only males could be scribes.
This was so in many civilisations, because most official positions were exclusively male.
There are texts that are not in the Bible that also speak about ascension, for example Pistis Sophia.
In 1872, the Meiji government declared that February 11, 660 BC was the exact date on which the reign of Jimmu began.
This was identified as the start of the Japanese nation.
This mythical date was commemorated as the holiday Kigensetsu (Era Day).
This national holiday was celebrated from 1872 to 1948.
At the beginning, there were five different religious groups of people in Egypt.
Each groups had different beliefs, and were based in different places.
The Book of the Dead was a series of almost two hundred spells represented as texts, songs and pictures written on papyrus.
They were individually customized for the dead.
They were buried along with the dead to make their passage into the underworld easier.
After working their way through lakes of fire, spitting cobras, demon jackals and giant bugs their soul is led into a hall of judgment in Duat by Anubis (god of mummification) and the deceased's heart, which was the record of the morality of the owner, is weighed against a single feather representing Ma'at (the concept of truth, and order).
A heart that weighed less than the feather was considered a pure heart.
This resulted in a good outcome.
A heart heavy with guilt and sin from one's life weighed more than the feather, and so the heart would be eaten by Ammit (Eater of Hearts)–part crocodile, part lion, and part hippopotamus.
If the outcome was good, the dead are taken to Osiris, god of the afterlife, in Aaru, but the if the out come was bad, the demon Ammit destroyed their heart which killed the soul.
The person would then be placed in a special place with food just out of reach of their hands.
If they ever got the food, demons would put them into a hole to make it harder for them.
Fresh peas are often eaten boiled and flavored with butter and/or spearmint as a side dish vegetable.
Salt is also commonly added to peas when served.
Fresh peas are also used in pot pies, salads and casseroles.
Pod peas (particularly sweet cultivars called mangetout and sugar peas, or the flatter snow peas, called hé lán dòu, 荷兰豆 in Chinese) are used in stir fried dishes, particularly those in American Chinese cuisine.
Pea pods do not keep well once picked, and if not used quickly are best preserved by drying, canning or freezing within a few hours of harvest.
Under extreme climatic conditions, a biennial plant may complete its lifecycle in a very short period of time (e.g.
3 or 4 months instead of 2 years).
This is quite common in vegetable or flower seedlings that were exposed to cold conditions, before they were planted in the ground.
This behaviour leads to many normally biennial plants being treated as annuals in some areas.
Pretoria was at one time seen as the capital of Apartheid South Africa.
This was changed when Nelson Mandela became the country's first black President.
The books were originally written in the 1930s.
Through the years, the books have been changed slightly.
There are currently 54 books documenting the teen's fictional mysteries.
Steak comes in a wide variety of cuts, which come from different parts of the cow.
Akhenaten is one of Egypt's most well-known pharaohs.
The doorway would face towards the rising sun.
The city became a Venetian possession in 1489.
It was captured by the Ottoman Empire in 1571.
During this time, the city grew culturally.
In the 15th and 16th centuries, many palaces, churches and monasteries were built.
About 20,000 people living in the city died because of the Ottoman attack of 1570.
This synagogue was very important to Jewish Lebanese in the early twentieth century.
It was built in 1925.
It was then named after the son of Abraham Sason.
It was used as a place to stay for illegal travelers.
Some of the people who traveled without legal papers stayed in the synagogue while going to Palestine.
Today, it is now called Israel.
People often throw things away that are not used up or broken.
Sometimes they throw things away because they are bored of them and like to shop for new things.
Freegans look through other people's rubbish bins and take what they can use, to the point of dumpster diving.
This can be good for the environment, because no energy is used to make new things, in those cases.
However, some cities have rules about taking things out of the rubbish, and freegans can get in trouble for this.
Terry Rakolta (born September 18, 1943) is an American anti-obscenity activist.
She is married to John Rakolta, the former CEO of Walbridge.
She led an unsuccessful boycott against the Fox Broadcasting Company sitcom Married...
with Children Rakolta lives in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan in 1989.
The table below lists the 333 incorporated places in the United States with more than 100,000 people living in them on July 1, 2022, as estimated by the United States Census Bureau.
A city is displayed in bold if it is a state or federal capital city, and in italics if it is the city with the most people of the state.
Five states—Delaware, Maine, Vermont, West Virginia and Wyoming—do not have cities with more than 100,000 people living in them.
Amy Jade Winehouse (14 September 1983 – 23 July 2011) was an English jazz, soul and R&B singer and songwriter.
She debuted with the well-received album Frank in 2003.
Winehouse won five Grammy Awards for her 2006 album Back to Black.
This made her the first British female to win five Grammys.
On 30 October 2006 her second album Back to Black was released.
Five singles were released from the album.
The first single Rehab spent 57 weeks in the UK Singles Chart.
It won Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2008 Grammy Awards.
In 2003, She married Triple H.
Tuatara are green-brown, and measure up to 80 cm from head to the end of their tail.
They have a spiny crest along the back: the Maori word tuatara refers to this.
He studied in the Directing Department of the Yerevan Fine Arts and Theater Institute.
Nelly Kim Furtado (born December 2, 1978) is a Portuguese-Canadian singer-songwriter.
She can also play many musical instruments.
She learned to play the trombone and the ukulele at the age of four.
In later years, she learned to play the guitar and keyboard.
She has released five albums.
The first album was released in 2000 and was called Whoa!Nelly.
She become famous worldwide because the album was very popular.
The first single released was I'm Like a Bird which earned her a Grammy Award.
Her second album was Folklore released in 2003.
It was not as popular as the previous album.
Her third album in 2006 was Loose which spawned many hit songs including Promiscuous, Maneater, Say It Right and All Good Things (Come to an End).
She then released a Spanish language album in 2009 titled Mi Plan and in 2010 released a greatest hits album.
Her next English language album The Spirit Indestructible was released in 2012.
Furtado's parents are Portuguese immigrants.
She sings in English, Spanish and Portuguese.
After the first debate, an internet site named www.motherjones.com revealed on Monday September.
17, 2012 a YouTube video of Mitt Romney talking about some people of the United States who live at the expense of the state.
In some cultures, such as in Cuba, there are a number of terms describing skin colour, and none of them is taken as evaluative.
There are simply descriptive terms.
And in the Spanish language the term mulata would be used for females of mixed race.
To play water polo, you need swimwear, caps, mouth guards, a ball and a goal.
The parish had a population, in 2015, of 22,886 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
Limburg is located west of the Meuse (Dutch Maas) river, upon which it borders the similarly named province Limburg of the Netherlands.
It also borders on the Walloon province of Liège to the south, with which it also has historical ties.
To the north and west are the old territories of the Duchy of Brabant, the Flemish provinces of Flemish Brabant and Antwerp to the west, and the Dutch province of North Brabant to the north.
Most heat pumps use electric motors to provide energy.
Some heat pumps use heat energy, supplied by a flame or an electric heater.
The second law only applies to large systems.
The second law is about the likely behavior of a system where no energy or matter gets in or out.
The bigger the system is, the more likely the second law will be true.
Ancient philosophers as far back as Thales of Miletus had the idea that there is some underlying substance of which everything is made.
But that is not the same as our concept of mass-energy today (for example, Thales thought the underlying substance was water).
Monophyly means common descent from a single ancestor.
By reducing emissions, energy conservation helps to prevent climate change.
Energy conservation makes it easier to replace non-renewable resources with renewable energy.
Energy conservation is often the most economical solution to energy shortages.
The Stirling engine is much rarer but is found in small models which can run off the heat of a hand.
The common cold mostly hurts the nose, pharynx, throat, and the sinuses (sinusitis).
The symptoms come from the immune system's response to the infection, not from direct destruction by the viruses themselves.
Hand washing is good, but the viruses also spread through moist air.
Close contact with infected people is common in many cities.
Wearing face masks might help, especially on any mass transit system (railways, underground, buses..)..
If you have a case of the common cold, there will be a bacteria in the spit called Stretogen A or Stretogen B.
These bacterias react when in contact with any clear weak acid.
The clear colored liquid will turn to a brown color if positive.
This method of testing has been replaced by symptom based diagnosis and you can be cured by using antibiotics.
1.The particles attract each other with a force.
This force is called cohesive force if the particles are of same kind and adhesive force when particles are of different kinds.
2.
All matter is composed of small particles called molecules.
(Atoms or ions as the situation demands).
3.
The particles are in a state of unending motion (continuous motion) and as such have kinetic energy.
4.
with the supply of heat energy (thermal energy) to matter, the kinetic energy of a particle increase, i.e., they start moving more vigorously.
Reverse happens if the matter is cooled.i.e., heat energy is taken out of it.
After the war, Fanta was brought to the United States by Coca-Cola, and in 1960 they bought the trademark.
Fanta Orange is the most popular Fanta flavor.
It is available in 180 countries.
Fanta is more popular in Europe and South America than in the United States.
Very recently, there have been 20 new discoveries of moons on Saturn that have not yet been named.
Mother, I salute thee!
The object of the game is to checkmate (capture the king).
If a player's king is attacked by an opponent's piece, it is called check.
The player with the attacked king must move so that the king is no longer in check.
If the king cannot do this, it is in checkmate, and that side loses the game.
The game is split into 2 segments, Investigation segments and Trial segments.
During Investigation sections Phoenix visits the crime scene, looks for evidence that might be useful in the trial, and talks to witnesses.
Zanzibar's main industries are spices (which include cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper), raffia, and tourism.
Zanzibar is also the home of the endemic Zanzibar Red Colobus and the elusive Zanzibar Leopard.
Nerima is called the town of animation because the earliest anime businesses started up in the area.
On 1 August 1947, the ward of Nerima was formed by separating from the ward of Itabashi.
Higashi-Nagasaki Station is the railway station of the Seibu-Ikebukuro line in Toshima Ward, Tokyo, Japan.
The Nebuta festival is one of the most famous festivals in Japan.
It takes place at the beginning of August.
More than 300,000 people come and see this festival every year.
Ray Charles is said to be inventor of Soul with his song I Got a Woman.
Soul is energetic music with main subjects of lyrics being love, dance and life.
Recently, singers like Christina Aguilera, Amy Winehouse and Adele are known as Blue Eyed Soul singers.
The original equations dealt with a kind of vibrating body that would produce a wave, a little like the way a reed in an organ would produce a sound wave of a characteristic frequency.
So there was motion back and forward (like the vibrating of a reed) and there was an emitted wave that could be graphed as a sine wave.
Much of what had earlier been figured out about physics on the level had to do with electrons moving around nuclei.
When a mass moves in an orbit, when it rotates around some kind of a hub, it has what is called angular momentum.
Angular momentum is the way that something like a merry-go-round will continue to rotate after people have stopped pushing it.
The math used for phase calculations and angular momentum is complicated.
On top of that, Heisenberg did not show all of his calculations in his 1925 paper, so even good mathematicians might have trouble filling out what he did not say.
Sources of Quantum Mechanics, pp.
261–276.
B.
L.
Van Der Waerden, Dover.
Andropov lived at 26 Kutuzovsky Prospekt with Leonid Brezhnev and Mikhail Suslov.
Andropov married twice, Nina Ivanovna (Married 1935, Divorced 1941), and Tatyana Andropova (Married 1941).
They had 4 children, Evgenia Andropova, Igor Andropov, Irina Andropova, and Vladimir Andropov.
It was practiced in many ancient cultures.
The practice was different in different cultures.
The Conquistadors arrived in the 15th century and took over Mexico and later Central America, even in the Mayann areas.
However, the Maya people still live there today.
They live in the same areas the Mayan civilization used to live in.
They keep the old Mayan traditions and beliefs.
In 1937, a new coat of arms was adopted.
Like the DRA coat of arms, this coat showed Mount Ararat along with the Soviet hammer and sickle and red star behind it.
The inclusion of Ararat brought objections from Turkey because the mountain is part of its territory.
The Kremlin retorted that although the Turkish symbol was the crescent, it did not mean that they laid claim to the moon.
The Soviet Union broke apart in 1991 and Armenia thus became an independent republic.
Armenian chroniclers first mention Ani in the 5th century AD.
They describe it as a strong fortress built on a hilltop and a possession of the Armenian Kamsarakan dynasty.
In 1935 the art section was changed into Art Museum, in 1947 it was called State Museum of Armenia and from 1991 it was renamed as National Gallery of Armenia.
In 1978 a new 8 storey building was put into exploitation.
Now the collection of the NGA includes about 26.000 museum exhibits and the building has 56 exposition halls in which there are presented the museums treasures by temporary and permanent exhibitions.
Armenian art presents the considerable part of the exposition.
It begins with ancient and Medieval Art: Urartu frescoes, with valuable documental copies of Garni temple’s mosaics and Medieval wall-paintings and miniatures, also Clerical paintings of XVII-XIX centuries, silver book-covers of manuscripts, crosses, etc.
The exposition is continued by the works of Armenian classics /H.Hovnatanian, H.Ayvazovski, G.Bashinjaghian, P.Terlemezian, V.Sureniants, V.Mahokian / by works of XX century artists /M.Saryan, H.Kojoyan, H.Gurdjian, E.Chahin, G.Khanjian, M.Avetisian and by works of other remarkable artists /.
Russian art is representative in the collection of NGA.
Here you can see sacred images of XVI-XVII centuries and works of XVIII-XX centuries well known artists F.
Rokotov, I.Argunov, F.Shubin, I.Repin,V.Serov,M.Goncharova,I.Mashkov,S.Konenkov,W.Kandinski,M.Chagal, etc.
In 2008 there was opened pavilion of Hakob Gurjian’s works, also reopened and enlarged the permanent exposition of XVII-XIX centuries Armenian Clerical art.
The restoration and conservation studios operate in the gallery.
There is a library, an archive, cafeteria, souvenir and book store, also operates film and lecturing hall.
The National Gallery of Armenia participates to international exhibitions with separate art works from his collection, organizes exhibitions of Armenian art in different countries greatly facilitating the recognition of national art.
The National Gallery has branch museums in Yerevan/ H.Kojoyan and A.Sargsian home-museum, Jotto /G.
Grigorian studio/,in Echmiadzin/The Echmiadzin gallery,Mher Abeghian museum/in Hrazdan/Hrazdan gallery/,in Jermuk/The Jermuk gallery/,in Sisian/The Sisian gallery/, in Alaverdi/The Alaverdi gallery/in Eghegnadzor /The Eghjegnadzor gallery/, in Gavar/the Academician H.Buniatian Gavar gallery/, in Martuni/the Martuni gallery/and in Jajur the M.
Avetissian museum/.
Many scholars place the Indo-European homeland in the Armenian Highlands and the plateau of Asia Minor to the southwest.
Donald John Trump was born at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center in Queens, New York City.
He is the son of Fred Trump and his wife Mary Anne (née MacLeod).
They married in 1936.
His mother was born on the Isle of Lewis, off the west coast of Scotland.
Donald was one of five children.
Donald's oldest brother, Fred Jr., died in 1981 at the age of 43, due to an alcohol addiction.
Trump's sister, Maryanne, is a judge in New York.
Trump's father's parents were German immigrants.
His grandfather, Frederick Trump, immigrated to the United States in 1885.
He became a naturalized American citizen in 1892.
Frederick married Elisabeth Christ (October 10, 1880 – June 6, 1966) at Kallstadt, State of Bavaria, Germany, on August 26, 1902.
They had three children.
He studied at Fordham University until transferring to the University of Pennsylvania.
Trump began his career at his father's real estate company, Elizabeth Trump & Son.
He later renamed the company The Trump Organization, which has its headquarters at 40 Wall Street.
The company focused on middle-class rental housing in Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island.
One of Trump's first projects, while he was still in college, was the revitalization of the foreclosed Swifton Village apartment complex in Cincinnati, Ohio.
His father had purchased it for $5.7 million in 1962.
Trump became closely involved in the project.
With a $500,000 investment, he turned the 1200-unit complex with a 66 percent vacancy rate to 100 percent occupancy within two years.
In 1972, the Trump Organization sold Swifton Village for $6 million.
Trump has developed many real estate projects.
They include Trump International Hotel and Tower in Honolulu, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Toronto, and Trump Tower in Tampa.
In Fort Lauderdale, Florida, one Trump construction project was put on hold in favor of another (Trump International Hotel and Tower in Fort Lauderdale).
Trump Towers in Atlanta was being developed in the housing market, however the project fell after the 2008 recession and instead buildings that didn't belong to Trump were built.
Trump has described his political leanings and positions in many ways over time.
Politico has called his positions as eclectic, improvisational and often contradictory.
He has listed several different party affiliations over the years, and has also run as a Reform Party candidate.
The positions that he has revised or reversed include stances on progressive taxation, abortion, and government involvement in health care.
He has supported Christian groups in the U.S., claiming that he will reverse unfavorable tax treatments preventing them from expressing themselves in the political arena and promising to revive a more widespread use of the phrase Merry Christmas instead of Happy Holidays in department stores.
Other issues he highlighted include taking care of military veterans, making the military strong, aggressive bombing of the Mideast terrorist group ISIS, surveillance of certain mosques in the U.S., and making trade agreements more favorable to American workers.
On September 26, 2016, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton faced off in the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York.
Lester Holt, an anchor with NBC News, was the moderator.
This was the most watched presidential debate in United States history.
On the Saturday following Trump's inauguration there were massive demonstrations protesting Trump in the United States and worldwide, including the 2017 Women's March.
Trump claimed there was no collusion and no obscruction and on May 9, 2017, Trump fired FBI Director James Comey after he reportedly asked for more information and funding for the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections.
The White House stated that this was not true and that Trump fired Comey in order to end the investigation.
After The Wall Street Journal reported that Trump's National Security Advisor Michael T.
Flynn was under investigation by U.S.
counterintelligence agents for his communications with Russian officials, Flynn resigned on February 13, 2017.
Two days later on February 15, Trump's Secretary of Labor-nominee Andrew Puzder withdrew his nomination due to not having support from Democrats or Republicans to confirm his nomination.
On April 7, 2017, Trump ordered the launch of 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles from the Mediterranean Sea into Syria, aimed at Shayrat Air Base as a reaction to the Khan Shaykhun chemical attack.
On June 1, 2017, he announced that the United States would withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement, making the United States one of only three nations, including Syria and Nicaragua, to do so.
On June 16, 2017, President Trump announced that he was cancelling the Obama administrations deals with Cuba, while also expressing that a new deal could be negotiated between the Cuban and United States governments.
On October 3, Trump visited Puerto Rico after it was damaged by Hurricane Maria and the next day visited Las Vegas to visit the victims from the Las Vegas shooting.
A hearing was held on March 1, 2024; The judge did not [make or] issue any rulings, during the hearing.
As of 2024's first quarter, there are allegations that there has been (wrong behavior or) prosecutorial misconduct in that case.
The judge ruled (March 15) that the district attorney can continue in the case against Trump and his co-defendants ...
if one of her top prosecutors on the case ...
is removed from the team; That prosecutor resigned that day; Trump or other defendants, can appeal the judge's (decision or) ruling.
In regard to the court hearings about taking the district attorney off the case (or disqualifying her): On March 1, there was a court hearing.
Earlier (February 27) one of those that witnessed at an earlier hearing, testified again; He had been ordered to testify again.
Media said earlier (February 23) that a new affidavit from a private investigator, says that phone records show that the district attorney and Nathan Wade had more than 2,000 phone calls and more than 11,000 text messages during an 11 month period of 2021; The district attorney and Wade have testified that they were not in a romantic relationship during that time; Earlier (February 15) a hearing started; Earlier (February 12), the judge in the case said that he will consider taking district attorney Fani Willis off the case, if there was a financial conflict-of-interest between Willis and the man that she gave a job to (as special prosecutor in the Trump case); That man is Nathan Wade.
Trump married his second wife, actress Marla Maples in 1993.
They had one daughter together, Tiffany (born October 13, 1993).
The couple were separated in 1997 and later divorced in 1999.
St Kilda Football Club (nicknamed The Saints) is an Australian rules football club.
They play in the Australian Football League.
The club first played in 1873.
Their home ground is the Marvel Stadium in Melbourne.
Their current captain is Jarryn Geary and their current coach is Brett Ratten.
St.
Kilda has featured a number of star players, with 10 , including Ian Stewart and Robert Harvey, who won the award twice.
In 1987, Tony Lockett won the Brownlow Medal as well as the Coleman Medal kicking 117 goals.
She stayed in the UK from January to March 1997.
His major hit songs were as follows.
He has not cut his hair since releasing the song Hana.
He usually plays bass, but uses a guitar when he makes songs.
BoA was born and raised in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.
She was discovered by SM Entertainment talent agents when she accompanied her older brother to a talent search.
In 2000, after two years of training, she released ID; Peace B, her debut Korean album.
Two years later, she released her debut Japanese album, Listen to My Heart.
Federer's first language is Swiss-German and he speaks English, German and French very well.
He also speaks some Swedish and Italian.
His wife is former tennis player Mirka Vavrinec.
After Wimbledon 2009, he became a father of twin girls who were named Charlene Riva and Myla Rose.
Totally Spies!is a French/Canadian animated series produced by Marathon Media and Image Entertainment Corporation.
The show was first broadcast on November 3, 2001 on ABC Family in USA.
It was also broadcast on TF1 in France and Teletoon in Canada.
The city itself has seen changes over time.
Changes in infrastructure during the different occupations of Egypt by various rulers, including the British in the 19th and early 20th century, focused on the construction of roads, streets, and buildings in the area.
It is commonly misunderstood that the Giza area is a complete desert area; however, Giza has become a thriving centre of Egyptian culture and is quite heavily populated, with many facilities and buildings in the current area.
Giza saw much attention in particular to its vast amount of ancient Egyptian monuments found on the Giza Plateau, and has astonished thousands of visitors and tourists over the years.
Giza's infrastructure saw much attention from both the British government prior to the 1952 coup d'état as well as the current Egyptian government due to the city's importance in tourism.
In 1848 he ordered that the gates to the Jewish ghetto in Rome be knocked down.
Edmond Keosayan (; Leninakan, now Gyumri, October 9, 1936 - Moscow, April 21, 1994) was an Armenian Soviet movie director and musician.
From 1954 to 1956 Keosayan studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy.
From 1956 to 1958 he studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute.
In 1964, he graduated from the Directing Department of VGIK (E.Dzigan's master class).
Since 1964 Keosayan has been a director at Mosfilm Studio.
He has worked worked a few times for Armenfilm Studio.
The movie scenes of the ship's journey were taken on the Akademik Mstislav Keldysh in July 1996.
Principal photography for Titanic began in September 1996.
The location was at the newly built Fox Baja Studios.
The poop deck was built on a move-able machine.
This allow it to rise from zero to ninety degrees in a few seconds.
This was used during the sinking scene of the movie.
Many props were made of foam rubber.
The material was used for the safety of the stuntmen.
On November 15, the boarding scenes were recorded.
Cameron decided to build his RMS Titanic on the starboard side.
This was because weather data showed north-to-south winds.
This caused the funnel smoke to move in one direction.
A full-time etiquette coach was hired.
He taught the cast on the manners of the upper class during the year 1912.
However, several critics noticed that some cast members were not very good.
They also noticed the two main stars on the movie were not well trained.
Cameron sketched Jack's nude portrait of Rose for the nude scene.
He said You know what it means for her, the freedom she must be feeling.
It's kind of exhilarating (happy) for that reason.
The nude scene was DiCaprio and Winslet's first scene together.
Cameron said, It wasn't by any kind of design, although I couldn't have designed it better.
There's a nervousness and an energy and a hesitance [unsure] in them.
This was the first scene to be recorded.
Cameron said that the big set was not yet ready.
The crew members had to record something so they decided to do the nude scene first.
An angry crew member put the dissociative drug PCP into the soup that Cameron and other members ate one night.
This caused more than 50 people to be rushed to the hospital.
There were people just rolling around, completely out of it.
Some of them said they were seeing streaks and psychedelics, said actor Lewis Abernathy.
Cameron had vomited before the drug began working.
Abernathy was shocked at the way he looked.
One eye was completely red, like the Terminator eye.
A pupil, no iris, beet red.
The other eye looked like he'd been sniffing glue since he was four.
The person who poisoned the cast members was never found.
Filming was scheduled to last 138 days.
However, it grew to 160.
Many cast members came down with colds, flu, or kidney infections.
This happened during the many hours they spent in the cold water.
Winslet, who also had these symptoms, decided she would not work with Cameron again unless she earned a lot of money.
Several other cast members left the movie.
Three stuntmen broke their bones.
The Screen Actors Guild decided to begin an investigation.
They concluded that there was nothing unsafe going on on the set.
There is also the number googol, which is a 1 with 100 zeros behind it (10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000), and the number googolplex, which is a 1 with a googol of zeros behind it, (10) (10).
The province of Bozen wanted more autonomy, because the main German-speaking community of Italy lives there.
A tiny minority group called the Ladins lives in the Dolomites region: they speak an old Rheto-Romanic language.
Words and ways of talking in this area are spread in the valleys around the Dolomites mountain group: Gardena, Badia Mareo Valley (Alto Adige/Südtirol)and Fassa Valley (Trentino).
Ladin is also spoken in the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo and areas around there.
The Portuguese colonial empire joined Spain and was ruled by the same monarch in personal union, but Portugal remained a separate state.
The Portuguese empire continued to be ruled from Lisbon during this period.
There was a joint Spanish-Portuguese rule for some time, sometimes called the Spanish-Portuguese Empire.
It usually produces a short chain alkane and a long chain alkene.
Original settlers of the Christchurch region were Moa Hunters.
These settlers hunted the moa out of existence by about the year 1500.
The hunters cleared large areas of Mataī and Tōtara forests by fire, changing the landscape.
The Māori people (Ngāti Māmoe and later Ngāi Tahu) arrived in Canterbury between 1500 and 1700.
The Moa Hunters were either killed or adopted by tribes.
On February 16, 1770, Captain James Cook was the first European to see the Canterbury peninsula from his ship the Endeavour.
Thinking it was an island, he named it Banks Island after the ship’s botanist, Joseph Banks.
It was not until around 1815 when European sailors from the sealing ship, Governor Bligh, landed and set foot on Banks Peninsula.
During the 1820s the local Māori population fell due to fighting between different groups of Ngāi Tahu and raids by the Ngāti Toa chief Te Rauparaha from 1830 to 1832.
The impact of European diseases, especially measles and influenza only increased the death toll of the Māori people.
The Māori tribes fought each other to near disappearance in the Christchurch region.
A two-hour drive by car includes the many highlights from Christchurch International Airport.
One can enjoy skiing, golf, bungee jumping, white-water rafting, mountain biking, windsurfing, whale watching and a variety of other activities including the winery garden circulation.
Christchurch has earned the pet name of “the garden city with the southern island.
Attractions such as the Wizard of New Zealand, Ian Brackenbury Channell, and evangelist Ray Comfort were hosted at the Cathedral Square until the earthquake in February, 2011.
They also held market days, free standing food and coffee carts, an aquarium, pubs, restaurants and the city's chief tourist information centre.
The City Mall was refurbished in 2008 & 09 before the earthquake of February 2011.
The mall had specially designed seating, flower and garden boxes, more trees, paving, and an extension to the central city tram route.
Now all that lies there is The Bridge of Remembrance commemorating war dead stands at the western end of the mall.
The main mode of public transportation in the city is by bus.
The bus system operates throughout the city.
Also, there is a free shuttle bus going around the city center.
There are also less conventional schools such as Unlimited Paenga Tawhiti and Hagley Community College.
100 m running competition.
Wasabi needs clean water and a cool climate.
It is difficult to grow wasabi.
There are two ways to grow wasabi.
One way is to grow wasabi in water.
The other way is to grow wasabi in a field.
There were 5,530 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Breast cancer is cancer in the breast.
There are many more people getting breast cancer since the 1970s.
This is because of how people in the Western world live.
Because the breast is composed of identical tissues in males and females, breast cancer also occurs in males, though it is less common.
The word meant the disease plague, which is called pestis in Latin.
She has achieved three number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100: London Bridge, Glamorous, and Big Girls Don't Cry.
When Palin was a few months old, the family moved to Skagway, Alaska where her father received his job to teach.
They relocated to Eagle River in 1969, and finally moved to Wasilla in 1972.
This species' call is a cooOOoo-wooo-woo-woooo, which is used by males when attracting a mate.
Other sounds include a nest call (cooOOoo) by paired males to attract their mates to the nests, a greeting call (a soft ork) by males upon joining their mates again, and an alarm call (a short roo-oo) by either male or female when in danger.
Mai Kuraki (born October 28, 1982 in Funabashi, Chiba) is a Japanese female pop and R&B singer.
Her father is the movie director, Isomi Yamasaki.
She started her singing career in 1999 when she was 17 years old.
Her first single was Love, Day After Tomorrow.
It became a million seller.
Her first album “delicious way sold 35 million records.
They disbanded in 2006.
Destiny's Child has sold in total 130 million worldwide including albums, video albums and singles; its leader Beyoncé as a solo artist has sold over 250 million records ; Kelly Rowland has sold as a solo artist 60 million records worldwide.
There are different ways to write with tengwar, which are called modes.
Between these modes there are differences, sometimes only a few and sometimes many differences.
In different modes, the tengwar sometimes mean different sounds.
In some modes the tengwar are used for vowels and consonants; and in other modes the tengwar are only used for the consonants, and the vowels are marked by signs above or below the tengwa, as in abugida writing.
These vowel signs are called tehtar (signs; singular: tehta, sign).
In Morocco, the 3 most widely spoken Amazigh languages are Shilha (Tashelhit), Tazayit (Atlasic) and Riffian (Tarifit).
Tashelhit or Shilha is an Amazigh language, spoken largely in the Atlas mountains region in Morocco.
It is the most spoken Amazigh language in the country.
Because the region has not many cities, the language is shared outside cities by women.
This is done through rituals, songs, telling stories to children and everyday-life tasks.
Women in this area who did not go to school use Tashelhit.
Men are around Arabic more because they teach in schools, watch televison and work in cities.
Mothers teach their children the language and this way they keep the identity of the community.
Even if Arabic is being spoken by local people, they do not want to forget their Amazigh identity.
After Morocco became an independent country, the Moroccan government made sure not to talk about the Amazigh people.
If they were seen as a different ethnicity, the government was afraid the country's Arab identity would not exist.
The Amazigh population, however, did not want to be forgotten by the government.
Indigenous Amazigh art designs were therefore continued by Amazigh women and their daughters.
This is why Amazigh art is strongly connected with women's identity.
Most Amazigh people live outside of the cities and this is where all their art is created.
Another thing that is used to make colour is henna.
This type of plant is not only used to make colour on wool but also to create patterns on the body.
The patterns made on the body are painted at different times of a woman's life.
Hermeskeil is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
People living in the space station have to get used to all kinds of changes from life on Earth.
It takes them only 90 minutes to orbit (go around) the earth, so the sun looks as if it is rising and setting 16 times a day.
This can be confusing, especially when one is trying to decide when they should go to bed.
The astronauts try to keep a 24-hour-schedule anyway.
At bedtime, they have to sleep in sleeping bags that are stuck to the wall.
They have to strap themselves inside so they will not float away while sleeping.
Augite is a mineral.
The mineral's name comes from the Greek word augites, meaning brightness.
However, augites only look shiny some of the time.
Most augites have a dull (dark green, brown or black) color.
Eid Al-Adha means The Feast of Sacrifice and is to celebrate when a prophet called Abraham sacrificed his son to show that he was loyal to God.
At the last moment, God said to Abraham that this was simply a test, and he did not have to sacrifice his son to Him.
Muslims in this holiday sacrifice a goat or cow in His honour to show their gratitude for God saving Abraham's son's life.
This is also the day when Muhammad's grandson, called Husayn ibn Ali, was killed.
Here is an example calendar taken from the Islamic lunar calendar and put into a solar calendar.
In this case it is from 2000 to 2001 in years of the Christian era.
Inkscape is a vector graphics (pictures made from lines instead of dots) drawing program published under the GNU General Public License.
Its stated goal is to become a really good drawing tool while being able to fit in with standards for SVG graphics.
Avatar draws on the four classical elements common to many ancient philosophies for its bending arts: Water, Earth, Fire and Air.
Although each has its own variation, most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way.
Examples include the classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Greek elemental traditions.
In the show’s opening, each element is accompanied by two Chinese characters: an ancient Chinese seal script character on the left representing the element being shown and a modern Chinese character on the right describing some feature of the element.
The character 水 (pinyin: shui), which stands for water, is shown with 善 (pinyin: shan), which means benevolence and adaptivity.
The character 土 (pinyin: tu), which stands for earth, is shown with 強 (pinyin: qiang), which means for strength and stability.
The character 火 (pinyin: huo), which stands for fire, is shown with 烈 (pinyin: lie), which means intensity and passion.
Finally, the character 气 (pinyin: qi), which stands for air, is shown with 和 (pinyin: he), which means peace and harmony.
Polanski dated Nastassja Kinski who later starred in his film Tess.
Akitas originate from Akita Prefecture, in the north of Japan.
The most famous Akita Hachiko was known for his unusual loyalty to his owner.
In 1169/1170 the king of Darband sent him the maiden Afaq, and Nizami married her.
In 1174 his son Muhammad was born.
The band is currently recording their third album, to come out in October 2007 in Toronto.
Information about the album without a name is not yet out to the public.
The word jihad appears frequently in the Qur'an with and without military connotations, often in the idiomatic expression striving in the path of God (al-jihad fi sabil Allah), conveying a sense of self-exertion.
Scholars developed an elaborate set of rules pertaining to jihad, including prohibitions on harming those who are not engaged in combat.
Strong and weak are words used to describe the strength of correlation.
If there is strong correlation, then the points are all close together.
If there is weak correlation, then the points are all spread apart.
The Eastern bishops formed the great majority.
Of these, the first rank was held by the three patriarchs: Alexander of Alexandria, Eustathius of Antioch, and Macarius of Jerusalem.
There are between 150 and 200 species.
They grow all over the Mediterranean region - Subgen.
Lupinus, and the Americas - Subgen.
Platycarpos (Wats).
Kurl.
Divine Mercy Sunday is celebrated the Second Sunday of Easter (which is the first Sunday after Easter, during Octave).
Scene 6.
A room in Don Giovanni's palace.
Don Giovanni is eating dinner.
Elvira begs him to repent and change his way of life before it is too late.
He laughs at her, and she leaves.
Suddenly, the statue comes into the room.
It orders Giovanni to repent.
He refuses.
Flames rise, and demons scream.
The statue takes Giovanni's hand.
Hell opens.
The two disappear in the flames.
Anna, Ottavio, Elvira, Zerlina, and Massetto come into the room with the police.
They are looking for Don Giovanni.
Leporello tells them that Giovanni has met his end.
They are pleased, and make plans for happier days.
The main causes of human trafficking are poverty, war, and other social issues.
Some women are made to believe promises of a better life, sometimes by people who are known and trusted to them.
Traffickers may own legitimate travel agencies, modeling agencies and employment offices in order to gain women's trust.
Others are simply kidnapped.
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken away by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape.
This may include beatings, rape, threats of violence against their family and death threats.
It is common, particularly in Eastern Europe, that should they manage to return to their families they will only be trafficked once again.
When an area has a lot of prostitutes some people say its a sexidemic (too much).
RuneScape is a video game that is played on the Internet.
Multiple people play RuneScape all at the same time, which makes it a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (or MMORPG).
It began in 2001, and is owned by Jagex Ltd.
It is set in a fantasy land.
RuneScape has skills to train, including 16 free to play skills and 10 members skills.
Players can train their skills by doing different actions.
Skills are usually trained by collecting a resource, like logs, and doing something with them such as burning them.
All of the skills can be leveled up to a max of 99 and Dungeoneering has a max of 120.
All are also able to be trained to 200,000,000exp.
Blowing raspberries is to make a noise similar to a fart.
Joshua Carter Jackson (born June 11, 1978) is a Canadian actor.
He has appeared in American television and movies, and is famous for his role as Pacey Witter in the television series Dawson's Creek and Charlie Conway in The Mighty Ducks movie series.
Tropical Storm Tammy caused minor damage.
The main concern with Tammy was flooding.
The highest sustained wind recorded with Tammy was 50 mph, reported a few miles northeast of the center.
The highest wind gust reported with Tammy was near 60 mph.
Several areas in northeast Florida and southern Georgia reported sustained winds of 40 mph+ due to Tammy's large wind field.
Rainfall totals related with Tammy were mostly in the 3-5 inch range, though some isolated amounts received 10 inches of rain.
In Georgia, Several homes were damaged because of flooding.
Also in Georgia, several roads were washed out and two pond dams were broken.
Storm surge related with Tammy was in the 2-4 feet range.
Many boardwalks were washed away and there was some beach erosion in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina.
In addition to the flooding, an F0 tornado was reported, which caused moderate roof damage and broke trees in Brunswick, Georgia.
Total damages from Tammy was around $30 million (2005 USD).
16,500 people were reported in southeast Georgia without power during the height of the storm.
The effect on Rumi was immediate: abandoning his familial and scholarly responsibilities he gave all his time to learning as much as possible from Shams.
The mystic came and went without explanation, and vanished permanently in 1248.
From then on, Rumi devoted himself to poetry, and he primarily wrote about the topic of love.
His verses, inspired by Shams—more than 30,000 in all—were collected in a work that he called Diwan-i Shams-i-Tabriz ('The Divan of Shams of Tabriz').
Stylistically, Rumi favoured the well established, ghazal, a traditional Persian meter of up to twelve rhyming lines; and to a lesser extent, the Rubai quartrain form.
Rumi seems to have been permanently engaged in a search of divine inspiration and love.
He saw and found his 'Muse' in various human and natural aspects of existence.
After the Divan he completed his great masterpiece or magnum opus, the Mathnavi-i Ma'navi ('The Mathnavi/Treatise Devoted to the Intrinsic Meaning of All Things'), which was dictated in its entirety to his student Hissam-ud-din Chelebi over the course of many years.
Damages in Mexico totaled up to $9 million (2005 USD).
Tropical Storm Franklin suffered a lot of wind shear related with the development of Tropical Storm Gert, which made the forecasters at the National Hurricane Center to say that Franklin could be destroyed in the next few days.
However the shear stopped as Franklin moved to the northeast, allowing the storm to strengthen.
The forecasters now said that Franklin could attain and maintain hurricane strength and make a close approach to Bermuda.
In addition, Jose was responsible for killing people six directly.
One of these deaths was the result of a landslide that killed a man in Xalapa, Veracruz.
The other five deaths were also due to landslides in Oaxaca.
Hurricane Epsilon frustrated many forecasters back in NHC, and the because Epsilon continued to deny any weakening made NOAA hurricane forecaster Dr.
Lixion Avila to say There are no clear reasons — and I am not going to make one up — to explain the recent strengthening of Epsilon….
This means I don't know why the storm has gained strength, and I am not going to make up a reason.
The storm kept its hurricane strength for five days while most of the six-hourly forecasts during that period called for it to weaken below that hurricane strength. Dr.
Avila also claimed that Epsilon had developed a structure similar to one of an annular hurricane, which somehow helped it to keep its strength even though poor conditions still existed.
A boyfriend is a term which usually means the male partner in a romantic non-marital relationship.
Partners in a non-marital relationship are sometimes called significant others.
Using the word boyfriend to mean a male partner or lover was first done in 1906.
It became popular in the 1920s, when people started to go out on dates rather than have romantic meetings at home.
It is less common to use the term boyfriend to mean a male friend in a platonic relationship.
Moreover the Bharali River is an anglers delight as angling / water rafting are allowed during winter seasons.
Chariduar also host a number of Tourist Lodge amidst of tea garden.
Tezpur has a central university (Tezpur University), apart from numerous colleges and schools.It has now received the tag UNIVERSITY AT PAR EXELLENCE from UGC (university grants commission).
Tezpur also has many school, colleges of very high repute.
Darrang college, Tezpur College are the leading colleges.
The Assam Valley School, around 15 km from Tezpur, is a very high standard residential school established by Williamson Magor Group.
The school was ranked as the 7th best boarding-school in the country in a survey by an independent magazine.
Further, it earned national laurel out of the board performance of its once Head Boy, Gaurav Agarwal, who topped the country in the ISC board in 2008-2009 with 98 percent.
Gaurav had, in his class X board exams, secured the first rank in northeast India.
In general too the school posts high standards in academics.
Adaminaby () is a town in southeast New South Wales, Australia on the Snowy Mountains Highway.
The first town of Adaminaby was in the way of a new dam built on the Eucumbene River as part of the Snowy Mountains Scheme.
In 1957 more than 100 buildings were relocated to a new site 10 kilometres away where they would not be flooded.
Mormons say that when Adam ate from the Tree of Knowledge it was not wrong, but was just a demotion, like going from one good job to another, less good job.
A step down but progressing in a forward direction.
Mormons refer to The Fall as a Transgression.
For Mormons a sin is the act of doing something contrary to the known will of God and to do so willing with full knowledge.
Transgression, on the other hand, is the violation of a law or rule.
So for Mormons, all sins (willfully disobedience) are transgressions but not all transgressions (violations) are sins.
Since Adam didn’t have knowledge of good and evil before partaking of the forbidden fruit, so his act was a transgression of the law, not a sin against the law.
Late on October 26, a broad area of low pressure in the southwestern part of the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Costa Rica developed and became Tropical Depression Twenty-Six.
At the second full advisory six hours later, the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Beta.
Beta strengthened into a hurricane at 2 am EDT October 29, after spending a few hours on the border between tropical storm and hurricane strength.
Beta reached maximum windspeeds of 115 mph (185 km/h) making it a Category 3 hurricane by 4 am EST October 30.
The Colombian island of Providencia, about 140 miles off the coast of Nicaragua, was in danger to hurricane force winds for several hours as the center of the storm moved slowly very close to the island.
Original reports stated major damages to homes and a temporary loss of communications with the islanders.
Billie Joe Armstrong (born 17 February 1972 in Oakland, California) is an American musician and the lead singer and guitarist for the punk band Green Day.
He also has numerous side projects as a vocalist, lyricist and guitarist in Foxboro Hot Tubs, Pinhead Gunpowder and The Network.
Lilies grow in Europe, North America, and Asia.
There are more than 100 species, and many cultivated varieties.
They also come in various colours.
It tends to grow wild in the forest and a grassy plain of a mountainous area, but several kinds grow wild on wet ground.
A lily's petals come in multiples of three.
The fleur de lys is a stylized depiction of the lily.
The Judicial branch is made up of the Federal Constitutional Court and five other Supreme Courts.
There are also local and regional courts which make the first decision about cases.
Their decisions can be overturnned by the courts of appeal or Supreme Courts.
Books might be registered to show the date when copyright protection starts.
Usually this is done by sending a copy of the book to a special national library.
Westminster is the central part of the City of Westminster, in London.
It is on the north side of the River Thames.
It contains the Houses of Parliament, Whitehall, Downing Street and Westminster Abbey.
The bill is then processed for Royal Assent, if accepted, the bill becomes an Act.
The Irish Parliament was founded to represent the English community in the Lordship of Ireland, but the native or Gaelic Irish were not allowed to vote or stand for office, the first known meeting being in 1264.
Metallic hydrogen is known to exist in the cores of Jupiter and Saturn.
Jupiter has the most metallic hydrogen.
Germany does not have a vice president.
Instead if the Bundespräsident (Federal President) cannot do his job the President of the Bundesrat can act in his place if necessary.
Situation as of December 2017.
The Minister-President's party is the biggest party of a state's government, and often also the biggest party in a state's parliament.
Pope John the first, was born in Populonia, Tuscany Italy.
He was the son of emperor Constantius.
He became the pope on Mary's Day, on 13 August 523.
Pope John the First's official day used to be on 26 May, but only for a short time, then it was moved to 27 May.
His holy day was moved again at the end of the 20th century to the more appropriate day, his birthday.
The first single was I Know You Want Me produced by Jazze Pha, who also made a guest appearance on the track.
The second single was Get Buck, produced by Polow Da Don.
The third single, U Ain't Goin' Nowhere, was released on May 18, 2007.
Samaveda is categorised into two parts – Part-I includes melodies called Gana & Part-II includes three verses book called Archika.
This is a chart of trend of regional gross value added of Merseyside at current basic prices published (pp.
240–253) by Office for National Statistics with figures in millions of British Pounds Sterling.
When countries form a monetary union, redenomination may be required and the conversion ratio is often not a nice even number, or even less than 1.
It is mostly in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
It extends into the southern portion of Haryana and Punjab states and into northern Gujarat state.
In Pakistan, the desert covers eastern Sindh province and the southeastern portion of Pakistan's Punjab province.
In Pakistan's Punjab province it is known as the Cholistan desert.
Tharparkar District of province Sindh Pakistan is also a part of Thar desert.
The Thar Desert is bounded on the northwest by the Sutlej River, on the east by the Aravalli Range, on the south by the salt marsh known as the Rann of Kachchh (parts of which are sometimes included in the Thar), and on the west by the Indus River.The Thar Desert, also known as the Great Indian Desert, is an arid region in the north-western part of the Indian subcontinent that covers an area of 200,000 km2 (77,000 sq mi) in India and Pakistan.
It is the world's 20th-largest desert, and the world's 9th-largest hot subtropical desert.
Distribution is the action of sharing something out among a number of recipients.
Monocotyledons are a class of flowering plants (angiosperms), whose embryo (seed) store only one cotyledon.
LEPrecon comes before Artemis Fowl, and is about one of the main characters, an elf called Holly Short.
It tells how she moves to a unit in the fairy 'police' called LEPrecon (a word-play on leprechaun).
Clannad are a musical group from Gweedore, in County Donegal, which is in the north-west of Ireland.
They are very famous for their haunting sound that has been used in many Hollywood movies.
They have sold over 20 million albums all over the world and won a Grammy award in 1999.
They are brothers and sisters Máire, Ciarán, and Pól Brennan and their uncles Noel and Pádraig Duggan.
Their younger sister Enya was once part of the group.
It is also argued that although an amino acid could be made randomly, a protein (a long, shaped string of amino acids) is such a precise sequence and structure that it would be impossible to make by chance.
Also, a protein or DNA would not be alive by itself; so a whole life form would have to be made all at once.
This argument can be seen as a way of saying that natural selection could not have created life.
It is argued whether that is a valid point.
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi (; born 25 November 1941) is a spiritual leader and founder of the spiritual movements RAGS International (now known as Messiah Foundation International) and Anjuman Serfaroshan-e-Islam.
The CEO of Messiah Foundation International is Younus AlGohar.
Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus Christ in 1997.
Shahi was reported to have disappeared in London in 2001; afterwards, sightings of him were reported around the world of people claiming to have met and received spiritual guidance from him.
In February 2002, prior to any decision on appeals filed with the Sindh High Court, Ardeshir Cowasjee claimed in an article he wrote for Dawn newspaper, the Pakistani newspaper, that unnamed people who identified themselves to him as office-bearers of the All-Faith Spiritual Movement told him that Gohar Shahi died abroad, but this report was unconfirmed.
Some sources report his death as of 2001, others as of 2003.
According to the Pakistani Press Foundation Shahi died in 2001 An article from 2006 in the Sunday Telegraph reports that Shahi died in 2003, and a 2009 article in Your Local Guardian also says he was reported to have died in 2003.
But none of these reports are confirmed as there is no physical proof of his body.
However, the Indian news agency PTI reported in 2008 that Shahi was based in the United Kingdom after being convicted of blasphemy by the Sindh High Court.
This view is supported by the Indian Express which reported in 2008 that Shahi had fled to the United Kingdom and was presently based there.
Zee News also supported this claim.
The Hindustan Times has reported that he is serving a life sentence.
Shahi's books have been banned by the government of Pakistan, and his followers are not allowed to meet in public.
Gohar Shahi claimed to have met with Jesus in America.
Shahi's supporters claim that his face became prominent on the moon, sun, nebula star and the Black Stone in Mecca, and that these appearances were signs from God that Gohar Shahi is the awaited Mehdi, Messiah, and Kalki Avatar.
The purpose of this movement is to invite all man without any discrimination of caste, creed, nation or religion towards the divine love of God.
The Albertina University opened in 1544.
The fibres of flax are used to make linen.
High-quality paper used in banknotes is also made from flax fibres.
Vinca (from Latin vincire to bind, fetter) is a genus of five species in the family Apocynaceae, that grows in Europe, northwest Africa and southwest Asia.
The common name, shared with the related genus Catharanthus, is Periwinkle.
Looking at reconnaissance info gotten from an NOAA plane investigating the depression, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Erin on August 15.
Tropical Depression Eight formed from a tropical wave 1130 mi (1815 km) east of the Lesser Antilles on September 12, just before the system that eventually became Humberto formed.
It was slow to develop and became Tropical Storm Ingrid early on September 14.
Shearing winds from a tropical upper tropospheric trough soon weakened the cyclone, it returned to depression strength on September 15, and the final advisory was issued on September 17 as the system degenerated into an open wave north of the Leeward Islands.
Ingrid was the first storm of the 2007 season not to threaten land, and there were no reports of damage or casualties.
Early on September 23, a subtropical depression formed from a previously extratropical low about 1060 miles (1710 km) west of the Azores.
It quickly strengthened into Subtropical Storm Jerry later that morning while remaining far from land.
It transitioned into a fully tropical storm early on September 24, but weakened the same day as it moved over cooler waters.
As it accelerated northward, it strengthened back into a tropical storm and reached its peak intensity of 45 mph (75 km/h) late on September 24.
Shortly afterward, Jerry was absorbed into a larger extratropical low.
An area of low pressure associated with a tropical wave near the Cape Verde islands developed into a tropical depression on September 28, after slowly developing for almost two days.
Early the next day it strengthened to become Tropical Storm Melissa, the eighth named storm to form in September, tying the record for most storms to form in a month.
It soon weakened under the influence of shearing winds.
Flooding and mudslides caused at least 22 deaths - one in Puerto Rico, two in Haiti and at least 19 in the Dominican Republic.
Aphids (greenfly) and other insects feed on the phloem by inserting a fine tube into the plant, penetrating the tiny phloem cells deep within the plant.
The high pressure in the phloem tubes forces the phloem sap into the insect.
Most of the sugar passes right through the insect, so that nearby surfaces get sticky and often become black due to the growth of fungus.
People's Republic (sometimes called Popular Republic) is a name for a communist, usually Marxist-Leninist country.
Currently, the People's Republic of China (PRC) is the only Marxist-Leninist state in the world that uses the title People's Republic.
Because of this, People's Republic is sometimes used to refer to China.
After the Persian Constitutional Revolution of 1905–1911, the Kurds in Iranian Kurdistan's towns supported the new system of local government, but the Kurdish tribes in the countryside supported the shah (the king of Iran).
Cork cambium is one of the plant's meristems - the tissues that consist of embryonic (not specialized) cells from which the plant grows.
It is one of the many layers of bark, between the cork and primary phloem.
The function of cork cambium is to produce the cork, a tough protective material.
Cork is a material that is harvested for commercial use primarily from the bark of the Cork Oak tree.
As the cork is harvested.
Modern horsetails first appeared during the Jurassic period.
like most temperate species) or they are evergreen (some tropical species, and some temperate species).
They mostly grow 0.2-1.5 m tall, though E.
telmateia can reach 2.5 m, and the tropical American species E.
giganteum 5 m, and E.
myriochaetum 8 m.
Efficient energy use allows energy demand to slow so that rising clean energy supplies can make big cuts in fossil fuel burning.
If energy use grows too fast, renewable energy development will chase a receding target.
Unless clean energy supplies grow rapidly, slowing demand growth will only begin to reduce total emissions.
Reducing the carbon content of energy sources is also needed.
An aquifer is an underground layer where the material contains water.
That can be less solid material like sand, gravel, clay or silt, but it can be rock as well, as long as the rock allows water to get in (that means that it is water-bearing).
In some countries the leaders of the executive branch are members of the legislature.
This system is called responsible government.
A true endoskeleton develops from mesodermal tissue.
Such a skeleton is present in echinoderms and chordates.
The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense; here, a mollusc exoskeleton developed into several sorts of internal structure, the cuttlebone of cuttlefish being the best-known version.
An important advantage of an endoskeleton over an exoskeleton is that the endoskeleton provides more structural support.
Hanami was used as a term that meant cherry blossom viewing for the first time in the Heian era novel Tale of Genji (chapter 8, 花宴 Hana no En, Under the Cherry Blossoms).
From then on, in tanka and in haiku poetry, flowers meant sakura, and the terms hanami and flower party were only used to mean sakura blossom viewing.
Landmarks also can be of two different categories: natural (e.g., physical features such as waterfalls and mountains), and structures constructed by humans.
Many of them are World Heritage Sites.
Cherry trees are a symbol of spring for Japanese people.
The word Sakura can also be used as a name for women.
The Queen of the Elves tries to invade the Discworld again by stealing children and invading dreams.
Tiffany Aching, a 9-year-old girl discovers that her grandmother used to be a witch.
Tiffany also discovered that she has a talent for magic, too.
That the principles already advanced by Virginia & Kentucky are not to be yielded in silence, I presume we all agree.
I should propose a declaration of Resolution by their legislatures on this plan.
1st.
Answer the reasonings of such of the states as have ventured in the field of reason, & that of the Committee of Congress.
...
2.
Make a firm protestation against the principle & the precedent; and a reservation of the rights resulting to us from these palpable violations of the constitutional compact by the Federal government, ...
3.
Express in affectionate and conciliatory language our warm attachment to union with our sister-states, and to the instrument & principles by which we are united; … fully confident that the good sense of the American people and their attachment to rally with us round the true principle of our federal compact.
But determined, were we to be disappointed in this, to sever ourselves from that union we so much value, rather than give up the rights of self government which we have reserved, & in which alone we see liberty, safety & happiness.
…this Assembly doth explicitly and peremptorily declare, that it views the powers of the federal government, as resulting from the compact to which the states are parties; … and that in case of a deliberate, palpable, and dangerous exercise of other powers not granted by said compact, the states who are parties thereto have the right … to interpose for arresting the progress of the evil…the authorities, rights, and liberties appertaining to them.
After the discovery of Vesta in 1807, no asteroids were discovered for the next 38 years.
During this time the four known asteroids were counted among the planets, and each had its own planetary symbol.
Vesta was represented by a stylized hearth, currently .
Old graphic variants include , and Symbol of Vesta.
The modern form is a simplification of the last.
During the Second World War they went round the country playing in places where people would not otherwise hear music.
Many of the players' instruments were destroyed when the Queen's Hall was bombed in May 1941, but lots of people gave money for them to buy new instruments.
When this process continues over several languages, it may fail miserably in conveying the original pronunciation.
Another complex problem is the subsequent change in preferred transcription.
For instance, the word describing a philosophy or religion in China was popularized in English as Tao and given the termination -ism to produce an English word Taoism.
That transcription reflects the Wade-Giles system.
Imperial Court in Kyoto was the government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era, in which the court was moved to Tokyo.
It was moved by Empress Gemma.
Williams's parents, Elonzo Huble Lon Williams and Jessie Lillybelle Lillie Skipper married on November 12, 1916.
Hank Williams was of English-American ancestry.
Elonzo Williams worked as an engineer for the railroads of the W.T.
Smith lumber company.
He was drafted during World War I, serving from July 1918 until June 1919.
He was severely injured after falling from a truck, breaking his collarbone and sustaining a severe hit to the head.
After his return, the family's first child, Irene, was born on August 8, 1922.
Another son of theirs died shortly after birth.
Their third child, Hiram, was born on September 17, 1923, in Mount Olive.
Since Elonzo Williams was a Mason, and his wife was a member of Order of the Eastern Star the child was named after Hiram I of Tyre (one of the three founders of the Masons, according to Masonic legend), but his name was misspelled as Hiriam on his birth certificate.
Davis became the music director and principal conductor of the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 2000.
In 2005, he took on the post of Music Advisor to the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for three years.
Both of Suzuki's parents were school teachers.
When Suzuki was growing up, he wanted to be a dentist.
But he could not pass the test, so he decided to study computers instead.
In 1983 he started working at Sega.
In 1993 he wrote a famous game called Virtua Fighter.
It was so famous, that it was added to the Smithsonian museum in Washington DC, as an example of an important game.
When a person becomes King or Queen, their eldest son immediately becomes Duke of Cornwall and Duke of Rothesay.
The current Prince of Wales, Prince William, was born in 1982, and was known as Prince William of Wales (his father is King Charles III).
In 2022, his father became King, and he became The Duke of Cornwall (in Scotland he was called The Prince William, Duke of Rothesay).
In 2022, the King made him Prince of Wales, and he is now called Prince of Wales, except in Scotland, where he is still The Prince William, Duke of Rothesay.
Cyberpunk is a kind of science fiction.
The Cyberpunk genre began in the early 1980s.
Bruce Bethke made this word for his 1980 short story Cyberpunk by putting together two words: cybernetics and punk rock.
Wind shear is a difference in either wind speed or direction over a fairly short distance in the atmosphere.
Wind shear can be divided into two different types: horizontal and vertical wind shear.
The Polar vortex has also thought to have had effects in Europe.
For example, the 2013–14 United Kingdom winter floods were blamed on the Polar vortex bringing severe cold in the United States and Canada.
Similarly, the severe, brutal cold in the United Kingdom in the winters of 2009/10 and 2010/11 were also blamed on the Polar vortex.
The most important principle of a geisha is iki, which started in the 18th century as a reply to the extravagant ways of the courtesans (oiran) and those who liked their style.
Oiran wore very elaborate clothes, makeup, and jewelry.
Geisha preferred to be discreet, and more intelligent.
They created iki as a style that gave more importance to conversation and wit.
Instead of working with sex, as oiran then did and simple prostitutes still do, geisha try to be sexy.
A geisha will flirt, tease, and joke with men but always with art and elegance.
Japanese clients know that nothing more can be expected.
Men enjoy the illusion of that which is never to be.
Geisha do not have sex with clients for money.
In Pericles late 20’s he sponsored a major dramatic production for the festival of Dionysus, and he also entertained the whole city.
Pericles also got married and had 2 sons.
His wife's name is unknown.
He associated with a courtesan named Aspasia.
A decade later the people started to like him more and more.
He got involved with the politics called Ephialtes.
Pericles and Ephialtes took away the noble's powers.
Ephialtes was later assassinated.
During World War II the BBC Symphony Orchestra was evacuated to Bristol.
Even there it was not safe from the bombing and they moved again to Bedford.
A mesocyclone is a vortex of air, about 2 to 10 km in diameter (the mesoscale of meteorology), inside a convective storm.
Danielle was a category 2 hurricane of 2004.
It started on August 13 in the far east Atlantic Ocean.
The path took it over cooler waters, which caused Danielle to die on August 21.
On August 13 Tropical Depression Five formed.
On August 14 it became Tropical Storm Earl.
Tropical Storm Earl passed south of Grenada and became a tropical wave.
It was no longer a tropical storm.
Later on the remains became Hurricane Frank in the Pacific Ocean.
See also 2004 Pacific hurricane season for information on Earl after it crossed oceans.
Matthew was a weak tropical storm.
It started in the Gulf of Mexico on October 8.
Tropical Storm Matthew made landfall in Louisiana on October 10, and died on the same day.
The storm caused $300,000 in damage.
For official forecasts, see the NHC's public advisory archive on Tropical Storm Otto.
In order for one to trust another,their worth and integrity must be proven over time.
That applies especially to the first (moral) case.
Acrobatics (such as flips and wall flips) are not part of parkour, because of inefficiency in a difficult situation (emergency).
Freerunning is the branch of parkour, when such flips are used rather than efficient movement.
Libra's symbol, like the scales, is the only symbol in the zodiac that is not represented by an animal or person.
Prahlada (), In Hinduism, was a prince who was very devoted to Vishnu.
His father, Hiranyakashipu, was a powerful demon who wanted his son to worship him instead.
But Prahlada refused, and he continued to worship Vishnu.
Traditionally it was worn only by men, but in modern times the push for equality between the sexes in the practice of Judaism has led some women to wear yarmulkes.
Some Jews only wear yarmulkes while praying; others wear yarmulkes the entire day, making sure not to walk more than four cubits without head covering (especially outside).
Bhakti yoga is a Hindu spiritual practice.
People constantly pray to, and think about, a form of a Hindu god, usually Vishnu.
The London Borough of Brent is a London borough in north-west London and is part of Greater London.
It is known for landmarks such as Wembley Stadium, the Neasden Temple and the Kiln Theatre.
It also contains the Welsh Harp reservoir and the Park Royal commercial estate.
The local authority is Brent London Borough Council.
Amaterasu's shrine is at Ise Shrine, and Susano'o's is in Izumo, where he came down to Earth when banished from heaven.
Izumo is home to the oldest shrines in Japan.
Chorley and Leyland are towns not far away from Preston.
In 2001, a census said that there were 335,000 people living in Preston.
Preston Guild is held in Preston.
The chief industry of Preston was formerly the making of cotton cloth.
The Preston bypass (road around the city) was built in the 1950s.
Among the important buildings in Preston are the Harris Museum, Art Gallery and Public Library, and the county council's headquarters.
Preston railway station is an importance junction on the west coast main line; the M6 motorway connects Preston to Cumbria (northwards) and Cheshire (southwards).
It is at around 500 km (310 mi) south of Hà Nội (Hanoi), 260 km (160 mi) north of Đà Nẵng (Danang), 1,200 km (750 mi) north of Hồ Chí Minh City (Saigon).
It borders Laos on the west, the South China Sea on the east, Hà Tĩnh province on the north, and Quảng Ninh in the south.
A lot of ancient people thought rubies made people calm down, as well as cure their bruises.
Darin Zanyar (born June 2, 1987), known simply as Darin, is a pop singer from Sweden.
In January 2013, Paramore came back with a new album called Paramore.
They have many photoreceptors in their retina, and an exceptional number of nerves connecting the receptors to the brain.
There is an indented fovea, which magnifies the central portion of the visual field.
At the 2009 Trophée Eric Bompard, she won first in the short program with the score of 76.08 points, 16.44 points ahead of Yukari Nakano.
Her three spins were all graded as a level four.
Showing great artistic skills, she won the free skate scoring 133.95 points.
She won the event with 210.03 points, 36.04 ahead of Mao Asada.
Kim set world records for the free skate.
The places Kim advertised for are Anycall (mobile phone), Hauzen (air conditioner), Hyundai Motor Company (automobiles), Kookmin Bank, Korean Air, Lac Vert (cosmetics), Maeil Dairies Co.Ltd (Dairy products), Nike, Saffron (fabric softener).
Alberto Gonzales (born August 4, 1955) is an American jurist who is the 80th Attorney General of the United States.
Gonzales was appointed to the position in February 2005 by President George W.
Bush.
While Bush was Governor of Texas, Gonzales was part of his general counsel, and later was the Secretary of State of Texas and then was on the Texas Supreme Court.
From 2001 to 2005, Gonzales served in the Bush Administration as White House Counsel.
Mao Asada (born September 25, 1990) is a former figure skater from Japan.
She is a former World Figure Skating Champion (2008) and is ranked no.
3 by ISU.
She won the Japanese national championships in 2007 and 2008 after winning two silver medals in a row.
She is the 2005 World Junior Champion.
She won the silver medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Her older sister Mai Asada is also a high-level skater.
Asada is from Nagoya.
She was very skilled from a young age.
She landed her first triple axel in competition while still at the junior level.
She is one of five female figure skaters who have ever landed that jump in international competition.
In 2006-2007, Asada's first season being old enough for senior Worlds, she won the silver medal at the World Championships behind fellow Japanese skater Miki Ando.
In the overnight hours after formation, the storm was disorganized with a shabby and abstracted center of circulation.
Located to the south of a mid to upper-level ridge over the southern United States, the system moved to the west-northwest into an area ideal for further strengthening; an upper-level anticyclone formed over the central Gulf of Mexico, and sea surface temperatures along its track were warm.
The cloud pattern became better organized, keeping a large area of convection with curved rainbands and well-established outflow.
Based on reports from Hurricane Hunters, the National Hurricane Center upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Erin at 1530 UTC on August 13 about 250 miles (400 km) east of Brownsville, Texas.
As it continued northwestward, Erin remained disorganized and was not able to strengthen above minimal tropical storm status.
At 1200 UTC on August 16 the cyclone made landfall near Lamar, Texas as it weakened to tropical depression status.
Three hours later, the National Hurricane Center stopped giving out advisories on Erin as warning responsibility was switched to the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center.
Governor of Texas, Rick Perry activated the National Guard and moved emergency personnel to the areas expected to be affected by the storm.
Erin is expected to bring flooding to the region, which had already been declared a disaster area on August 7, 2007 from widespread flooding on the Nueces River basin; this area remained flooded as of August 15, 2007.
On August 15, oil futures rose to $74.01 (USD), because of fears of Erin disturbing oil supplies produced on Texan coasts, combined with low oil supplies.<ref name=oil futures 8/15></ref> As a result of the threat from the storm, Shell Oil Company evacuated 188 workers on oil platforms in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico.
The guest at room 11 would move to room 101.
And so on.
A polygon is also convex if there aren't any two points within it that can't be connected with a straight line, where the entire straight line is also in it.
An example of a concave shape is a five-pointed star.
It's concave because you can connect two of the points of a star with a straight line, and most of the straight line doesn't go through the star.
If a five-pointed star is both equilateral and equiangular, it is also a regular polygon, but it isn't a convex one.
All regular concave polygons are stars.
At about 09:00 on 3 June, a US Navy patrol plane spotted the Japanese Occupation Force to the west-southwest of Midway.
Three hours later, the Americans found the Japanese transport group to the west.
They attacked, but none of the bombs hit and no major damage resulted.
Early the following morning the Japanese oil tanker Akebono Maru was hit by a torpedo from an attacking PBY.
This was the only successful air-launched torpedo attack by the U.S.
during the entire battle.
Late in the afternoon, a Yorktown scout aircraft located Hiryū.
Enterprise launched a strike of dive bombers (including 10 SBDs from Yorktown).
Despite Hiryū being defended by more than a dozen Zero fighters, the attack by Enterprise was successful: four, possibly five bombs hit Hiryū, leaving her on fire and unable to operate aircraft.
(Hornets strike aimed at the escort ships but it did not get any hits).
After hopeless attempts to control the fire, most of the crew remaining on Hiryū were taken off the ship.
The rest of the fleet continued sailing northeast to catch the American carriers.
Hiryū stayed afloat for several more hours.
She was discovered by an aircraft from the light carrier Hōshō.
This led to hopes she could be saved or towed back to Japan.
However, soon after being spotted, Hiryū sank.
Rear Admiral Yamaguchi chose to go down with his ship, costing Japan her best carrier officer.
After winning a victory, and as pursuing the Japanese ships became too dangerous near Wake, The American forces pulled back.
Spruance pulled back to the east to refuel his destroyers and meet with the carrier Saratoga, which was carrying replacement aircraft.
The American carriers eventually returned to Pearl Harbor.
Historian Samuel E.
Morison wrote in 1949 that Spruance was criticized for not pursuing the retreating Japanese, allowing their fleet to escape.
Clay Blair argued in 1975 that had Spruance followed Yamamoto, he would have been unable to launch his aircraft after nightfall, and his cruiser escorts would have been destroyed by Yamamoto's larger and more powerful ships, including the battleship , with 18-inch guns.
Patterns called cables are typically used on sweaters, particularly on fancy Aran sweaters from Ireland.
Yarn is a long, continuous length of fibers that have been spun or felted together.
Yarn is used to make cloth or different wearable accessories including shoes, hats, scarfs, etc.
by knitting, crocheting or weaving.
Yarn is sold in a shape called a skein to prevent the yarn from becoming tangled or knotted.
The Japanese land campaign (mainly defensive) was had 67,000 men (77,000 according to some sources).
As well, there were 9,000 Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) troops at Oroku naval base.
There were also 39,000 local Ryukyuan people who were forced to fight.
The U.S.
Army 96th Infantry division and 7th Infantry Division went south across Okinawa.
The 96th Infantry Division had violent fights with Japanese troops in fortified positions.
Evgeni Plushenko (born 3 November 1982) is a figure skater from Russia.
He was born and raised in the Soviet Union.
He is the last of the Soviet System figure skaters, which took children from their parents at a young age and raised them in a training system away from home while giving them everything they needed, including housing and food and equipment, so they could become the best.
Plushenko was a very good skater as a child.
At age 14, he won the World Junior Championships.
At age 15, he won the bronze medal at the World Championships.
He has always been coached by Alexei Mishin, a very famous Soviet and Russian skater coach.
At the time of Plushenko's rise, Mishin was also coaching Alexei Yagudin.
When Yagudin saw all the attention Mishin was giving Plushenko, it made Yagudin leave and find another coach.
Plushenko and Yagudin had a very big rivalry that ended in 2002, when Yagudin won the Olympic Gold and Plushenko won the silver.
Before bald eagles become adults, their wings are brown.
Their wings are usually speckled with white dots until the fifth year.
Bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old.
When they are old enough to mate, they usually come back to the place where they were born.
It is thought that bald eagles mate for life.
However, if one of the pair dies or disappears, the other will choose a new mate.
A pair which can not get a chick after trying for a long time, may split up and look for new mates.
When bald eagles court, they call and show their flying skills.
When they do so, two mates may fly high, and then lock their talons together, and fall, parting again right before hitting the ground.
Once easily seen on the continental United States, the bald eagle was close to becoming extinct because of the use of the pesticide DDT.
The DDT destroyed an adult bird's calcium, and it would become unable to lay more healthy eggs.
Female eagles laid eggs that were too weak to withstand the weight of its parents.
In the early 1700s, the number of bald eagles were 300,000–500,000, but by the 1950s there were only 412 nesting pairs in the United States.
Other things that stopped bald eagles from producing well was the loss of habitat and illegal hunting of bald eagles.
Also, oil and lead were other big reasons why bald eagles began to die out.
In 2002, Fey appeared in the comedy Martin & Orloff.
She made her debut as writer and co-star of the 2004 teen comedy Mean Girls.
Characters and behaviors in the movie are based on Fey's high school life at Upper Darby High School.
It is also based on the non-fiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by Rosalind Wiseman.
The cast includes other past cast members of SNL including Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, and Amy Poehler.
The movie received favorable reviews.
It was a box office success, grossing $129 million worldwide.
People may get very sick when their food does not have enough riboflavin.
Adding extra riboflavin help.
Baby foods, breakfast cereals, pasta, sauces, fruit drinks, and foods such as cheese that are made from milk may have extra riboflavin added.
This is called fortification.
To make Vitamin B2 for vitamin pills or to add to foods, industrial companies grow special yeasts, other fungi, or bacteria that make a lot of riboflavin.
There is evidence that male reproduction abilities are reduced with higher age.
Sperm count is becoming smaller with age, with men aged 50–80 years producing 75% of sperm compared with 20–50 years old males.
If the sperm count is too low, a man could increase it with herbal and chemical supplements.
Fin de siècle is sometimes used to mean the type of art, culture and way of behaving at the end of the nineteenth century.
The Latin text is given below, the change is highlighted.
This was added in the Catholic version.
The Gulag was a vast network of slave labor camps run by the Soviet Union from the 1920s to the 1950s.
Ever since the Soviet Union was founded in 1917, it imprisoned people who spoke out against it or were otherwise dangerous.
Imperial Russia in previous decades had a similar system of prison camps.
But the Soviet Union camp system grew to be one of the largest prison systems in existence.
The Soviet camp-system was set up under Vladimir Lenin.
The Gulag was run at first by the GPU (State Political Directorate), later by the NKVD and in the last years by the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MVD).
The internment system grew rapidly, reaching a population of 100,000 in the 1920s.
According to Nicolas Werth, the yearly mortality rate in the Soviet concentration camps varied, reaching 5% (1933) and 20% (1942–1943) and dropped in the post-war years to about 1 to 3% per year at the beginning of the 1950s.
The genome of an organism is the whole of its hereditary information encoded in its DNA (or, for some viruses, RNA).
This includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the DNA.
There are many different operating modes for an AFM.
One is the contact mode, where the tip is simply moved across the surface and the cantilever deflections are measured.
Another mode is called tapping mode, because the tip is tapped against the surface as it travels along.
By controlling how hard the tip is tapped, the AFM can move away from the surface when the needle feels a ridge, so that it will not hit against the surface when it moves across.
This mode is also useful for biological samples, because it is less likely to damage a soft surface.
In 2016, President-elect of the United States Donald Trump selected Omarosa to be Director of Communications for the White House Office of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs.
She resigned on January 20, 2018, a year after taking the position.
The Celebrity Apprentice was a version of Donald Trump's show which featured celebrities and famous people as contestants instead of ordinary businesspeople.
Each celebrity had a charity that they were representing.
The celebrities would have to complete challenges in teams (much like the original version).
The winning team would get money for their charities but one person from the losing team would be removed from the game.
The last person remaining won more money for their charity.
Juan Ignacio Molina.
Born June 24 1740; Died September 12 1829; Chilean Naturalist.
The World Health Organization (WHO) lists ketamine as an essential medicine, especially as an anesthetic and analgesic.
With medical supervision, ketamine is a better surgical anesthetic than many others, and it is safer for a wider range of patients.
It is also the anesthetic of choice in veterinary surgery.
In medicine ketamine is normally injected into a vein or muscle.
Ketamine is not the first anaesthetic a doctor would think of using in most situations because of the hallucinations it causes.
On the other hand, while most anaesthetics suppress your breathing, resulting in the need for a machine to help you breathe, ketamine does not.
One study has recently been done using monkeys as a model to see if ketamine is toxic to the brain.
One study by Evgeny Krupitsky has found that using ketamine along with psychotherapy and group therapy was a lot more effective at treating alcohol addiction than the traditional treatment.
CRPS is a disease that causes severe pain and swelling, getting worse over time.
Both India and Mauritius claim the territories, and do not recognise the United Kingdom's authority over the Chagos Archipelago.
India does not recognise Anglo sovereignty over these Cultural Indo-Indian/Indies islands and has disputed their status since 1947.
Australia asked the United Kingdom to allow them to rule the island; in 1957, the Australian government paid the government of Singapore £2.9 million in compensation.
This amount of money was decided by guessing how much the phosphate given up by Singapore was worth.
The first study of the archipelago was made by the French frigate L'Heure du Berger in 1767.
The results of the survey were published by A.
Dalrymple in 1781.
Riders are often covered from head to toe in mud and grit, and race over the cobblestoned roads and hard rutted tracks of northern France.
However, the race got the nickname l'enfer du Nord, or the Hell of the North from journalists who watched the race after world war I, and saw it pass through many of the ruins, craters, and destruction along the way.
A patina layer takes many years to develop under natural weathering.
Buildings in damp climates will develop patina layers faster than ones in dry areas.
The facades of many buildings are made of copper, brass or bronze, for example.
These will produce different colors after natural weathering.
Richmond has a popular active Vietnamese living area along Victoria Street.
The area is also well known for the illegal drug trade (especially heroin) that happens both in the streets and inside homes.
The 2006 Commonwealth Games included 16 sports, with 12 individual sports and 4 team sports.
In total there are 247 events at the Games.
The overall winner of the race by time wears a red jersey (Dutch: Rode trui or French: Maillot rouge).
No jersey is awarded for leading this classification.
Cranach's art in its prime was slightly affected by the art of the Italians, but was also similar to that of the Netherlands and Germans.
In fluid dynamics, drag (sometimes called resistance) is a force which tends to slow the movement of an object through a liquid or gas.
He believed that if the Creator of the universe was one then the origin of all the forces had to be single also.
He then set off to unify the electromagnetic and the weak nuclear force.
Cape Cod (or simply the Cape) is an arm-shaped peninsula in the eastern part of Massachusetts.
In 1960, she married the photographer Anthony Armstrong-Jones, who was made Earl of Snowdon.
They had two children, David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon born in 1961 and Lady Sarah Chatto born in 1964.
After they divorced in 1978, she was known as Princess Margaret Countess of Snowdon; the Earl's new wife was simply the Countess of Snowdon.
Armstrong-Jones died in January 2017, almost 15 years after Margaret.
Nostradamus was born as de Nostredame sometime in December 1503, somewhere located in Provence, Kingdom of France (in modern-day France).
His first name was only given to him, when he was baptised as Michel (French for Michael).
While it is disputed how many children his parents had, it is known thst they had at least 9 children.
Michel was the son of a notary named Jaume de Nostredame and his spouse Reynière de Nostredame.
Reynière was the granddaughter of Pierre de Saint-Rémy, who worked as a physician in Saint Rémy.
Jaume and his family originally celebrated Judaism as their religion, but his father, Cresquas Gassonet, a grain and money dealer who worked in Avignon, had converted to Roman Catholicism sometime in the second half of the 15th century, abandoned his Jewish name, and took the French name Pierre de Nostredame.
Nostredame in French means Our Lady.
The other family members followed in his footsteps and converted, as well, to Roman Catholicism, abandoned their Jewish names, and took the surname de Nostredame.
The earliest ancestor in Michel's father's line is identified as Astruge of Carcassonne.
Astruge died around 1420.
When he was 14, Nostradamus succesfully passed the test and was accepted to attend the University of Avignon.
He attended the university to study for his baccalauréat.
In the university, he studied trivium, rhetoric, and logic, rather than something more advanced.
It was only later in time, that universities had studies more advanced, such as quadrivium, astronomy, and astrology.
He only studied in the university for more than one year, when the university closed due to a plague outbreak.
All of the inhabitants of Avignon were forced to leave.
According to Nostradamus' journals, as a result of the plague outbreak, after he left Avignon, he escaped to the countryside for 8 years, where he worked as a medical researcher starting from 1521.
By 1529, when Nostradamus was already a apothecary for some years, he successfully passed the test and was accepted to enter the University of Montpelier to study for a doctorate in medicine, but shortly after his attendance, he was expelled by the student procurator, Guillaume Rondelet, when it was discovered he worked as a apothecary.
Back in the day, apothecaries were banned from attending universities in France because it was considered a manual trade and had been slandering physicians.
The explosion document still exists in the university's library.
Some of his publishers and correspondents would later call him a doctor.
After his explusion, Nostradamus still continued working, though it is disputed whether he was still a apothecary (after he got expelled), and succesfully invented a rose pill.
Some people believe that the pill was used to protect people from the plague.
The Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia (ASALA) was an Armenian militant organization, that operated from 1975 to 1986.
Continuous attacks prompted Turkey to accuse Cyprus, Greece, Syria, Lebanon, and the Soviet Union of provoking or possibly funding the ASALA, though nothing of this sort was ever found to be true.
Grizabella, an elderly (younger in some productions) glamour cat who left the junkyard, comes back to her tribe, but they shun her.
While the other cats dance at the Jellicle Ball, Grizabella watches in the background.
She performs a simple dance when the other cats leave and sings about how she wants to be accepted.
Old Deutoronomy sees this and sympathizes with her.
The reason why Triton is thought to be a captured object is its orbit, which is unique in the Solar System.
It is both retrograde (see diagram) and highly tilted.
Although there are other satellites with retrograde orbits, they are much smaller than Triton, and much more distant from their host planets (their primaries).
Triton, like our Moon, shows only one face to the planet: it rotates in synchrony to Neptune.
Hindustani is a language.
It is made up of the common parts of Hindi and Urdu.
Hindi and Urdu have similar grammar, but slightly different vocabulary and very different scripts.
There is a governor in every province; there is not a governor in the National District, where is the capital of the country.
The governors are only representatives of the President of the Republic.
The word audition can be used as a noun or a verb.
DNA polymerases are a family of enzymes that carry out all forms of DNA replication.
However, a DNA polymerase can only extend an existing DNA strand paired with a template strand; it cannot begin the synthesis of a new strand.
To begin synthesis, a short fragment of DNA or RNA, called a 'primer', is created and paired with the template DNA strand.
A total of 67 nations sent athletes to compete at the Melbourne games.
James Chadwick was born in Bollington, Cheshire, England.
He went to Manchester High School, and studied at the Universities of Manchester and Cambridge.
Flamingos are pink or red.
This is because of small bacteria that live in water which the flamingos eat.
This small bacteria is known as carotenoids.
This is a pigment that causes the plumage color you see on flamingos.
They also eat small crayfish and algae.
Baby flamingos are gray.
Flamingos can fly.
This is why they have wings.
Flamingos are very tall birds and they have long legs.
They often stand on only one leg.
Scientsts found that they do this beacuse it takes less energy than standing on two legs.
Flamingos have a curved bill that is shaped like a banana.
This is because they feed in the mud on the bottom of lakes.
The 1968 Winter Olympics, officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games, were held in 1968 in Grenoble, France and started on February 6.
Thirty-seven countries took part.
Norway won the most medals, the first time a country other than the USSR had done so since the USSR first entered the Winter Games in 1956.
The games were affected by the deaths of Australian alpine skier Ross Milne and a British luge slider, during training, and by the deaths, 3 years earlier, of the entire US figure skating team and family members.
Choline is usually grouped with the Vitamin B complex.
It is a vitamin that is needed by the human body.
Adults should take between 425 and 550 milligrams of it daily.
Choline is used by the body in the walls of cells and as a neurotransmitter.
It also helps to prevent heart disease.
There are claims that it helps reduce body fat, but this has not been proven.
It may show geographic features and political boundaries, but often social, religious and economic statistics as well.
Founded as Team Telekom in 1991 with Walter Godefroot the team manager, the team soon became important presence in international cycling.
In 1994, the German sprinter Erik Zabel won the first UCI Road World Cup victory in the history of the team, the Paris-Tours.
A year later, in 1995, Zabel won two stages in the 1995 Tour de France.
The following is a complete ISO 3166-1 encoding code list in alphabetical order by the English short country names officially used by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA), which uses country names from United Nations sources.
Some people disagree with these numbers.
Some experts think the Overweight range for people with Asian body types should be 23–27.49, not 25–29.99.
Some experts think the lowest Normal BMI should be 20 for men, and 18 for women.
Another early example of town twinning dates back to 1947 when Bristol Corporation (later Bristol City Council) sent five 'leading citizens' on a goodwill mission to Hanover.
Vertebrae (singular: vertebra) are the individual irregular bones that make up the spinal column (aka ischis) – a flexuous and flexible column.
There are normally thirty-three (33) vertebrae in humans, including the five that are fused to form the sacrum (the others are separated by intervertebral discs) and the four coccygeal bones which form the tailbone.
In mythology Sagittarius is related to Greek myth of a centaur.
The games were planned for Berlin in Germany.
In recent years, Ritchies has grown a large amount.
In 2000, there were less than 20 Ritchies stores.
Ritchies is now on the top 20 Australian retailers list.
Other companies on this list include large companies such as Kmart, Myer and Wesfarmers Bunnings.
In the 12th century Poland broke into some smaller states, which were later attacked by Mongol armies in 1241.
In 1320 Władysław I became the King of the repaired Poland.
His son Casimir III repaired the Polish economy, built new castles and won the war against the Ruthenian dukedom.
The Black Death, which affected many parts of Europe from 1347 to 1351, did not come to Poland.
In the 17th century Sweden attacked all of Poland (this was called “the Deluge).
Many wars against the Ottoman Empire, Russia, Cossacks, Transylvania and Brandenburg-Prussia ended with the Treaty of Karlowitz in 1699.
During the following 80 years, the government and natione were weaker, making Poland dependent on Russia.
Russian tsars took advantage of this by offering money to traitors, who would block new ideas and solutions.
Russia, Prussia, and Austria broke Poland into three pieces in 1772, 1793 and 1795, which dissolved the country.
Polish people did not like the new kings, and often rebelled.
The war resumed with Operation Barbarossa.
During the war, about 5.6 million citizens of Poland died, half of them Polish Jews.
Poland also gave the most troops, after the US, the British and the Soviets, to ultimately defeat Nazi Germany.
At the war's end, Poland's borders were moved west, pushing the east border to the Curzon line.
The west border was moved to the Oder-Neisse line.
The new Poland became 20% smaller by 77,500 square kilometers (29,900 sq mi).
The shift forced millions of people to move: Poles, Germans, Ukrainians, and Jews.
When a composer writes for an instrument using scordatura tuning he shows at the beginning of the music what notes the strings must be tuned to.
The music is then written, not as it sounds, but so that the player can read it as if the instrument were being played normally, e.g.
if a G string is tuned up to G# and the composer wants a G# he simply writes a G, but it will sound G#.
In the late 19th century and 20th century there are examples of composers using scordatura.
In his Fourth Symphony Mahler asks the violin soloist (the leader of the orchestra) to play on a violin tuned to Gsharp-D-A-Eflat.
The music is describing a poor beggar playing a violin.
The violin soloist needs a second instrument for this, so that he can swap quickly back to a normal violin.
The Albanian language () is an Indo-European language.
It is spoken mostly in Albania (3,500,000), Kosovo and (500,000) Republic of North Macedonia.
In Brazil, castor beans are the best plants to make biodiesel.
In Germany biodiesel is usually made from rapeseeds.
Soybeans and sunflower seeds are commonly used in the United States.
In Thailand, the raw material will most likely come from palm oil, coconut oil, Jatropha oil, and animal fat.
The bridge of an instrument in the violin family (violin, viola, cello and double bass) can be seen very clearly.
It is a piece of hardwood which is shaped like a bridge.
The top is like an arch in shape because the player needs to be able to play on one string at a time.
The feet of the bridge have to be shaped to fit on the front of the instrument (the “belly) which is curved.
The bridge is not fixed to the instrument: it is only held up because of the tension (tightness) of the strings.
The soundpost, a small wooden column inside the body, is also held up by tension of the strings and the bridge.
After the death of Armenian king Arshak III, in 390 AC, the Western Armenia was governed by Greek generals.
In the 7th century Western Armenia was one of the centers of Pavlikian Christian popular sect.
Since 9th century the most part of Western Armenia included Vaspurakan and Taron was under the rule of Bagratid dynasty of Armenia.
Then the Zakarid Armenia of 13-14th centuries included some parts of Western Armenia.
Levon Ter-Petrosyan (Armenian: Լևոն Տեր-Պետրոսյան; Russian: Левон Тер-Петросян) (born January 9, 1945), also Levon Ter-Petrosyan, was the President of Armenia from 1991 to 1998.
Because of many economic and political problems, he resigned on February 3, 1998.
He was replaced by Robert Kocharyan.
Levon Ter Petrosian, announced he will run again for office in the presidential election which will start next year.
Ter-Petrossian was born in Aleppo, Syria to an Armenian-Syrian family of genocide survivors.
They emigrated to Armenia in 1946.
In 1584, Zhu Zaiyu, a prince of Chinese Ming Dynasty, published the invention of equal temperament in his book A New Account of the Science of the Pitch-Pipes.
In 1585 Simon Stevin invented a similar system.
Some scholars think one of these really invented this system.
Others think both did, or neither.
to form an A/T base pair.
The accretion discs of central supermassive black holes can convert about 10% of the mass of an object into energy.
A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects the state of California.
Usually Pacific hurricanes weaken a lot before getting to land.
Kevin was born in Lynwood, California, on January 18, 1955.
He was the third child of Bill Costner and Sharon Costner.
He has two older brothers (Dan born 1950 and a middle brother who died at birth in 1953).
He is of Cherokee Native American, English, German, Irish, Scottish, Swiss and Welsh descent.
When he finished high school, he was a basketball, football and baseball star.
In 1978, he married his college friend Cindy Costner.
(Cindy Costner later played a role in Dances with Wolves).
Some time later, he met Richard Burton, and this made him go after acting.
He has made or participated in the making of 47 movies.
where formula_4 is the time (period) of a single rotation (revolution) and formula_5 is the frequency.
This can be derived by considering formula_6 when formula_7 and formula_8.
Hull has been a market town, military supply port, trading centre, fishing and whaling port, and industrial giant.
Hull was also an early battleground in the English Civil Wars, and was the backdrop to events leading to the abolition of the slave trade in Britain.
Hull was heavily damaged during the Second World War, and after a period of decline, when many factories closed; the city has started to regenerate.
Hull was hit hard by the June 2007 floods.
There was standing water over a wide area affecting 20% of the city's housing and damaging 90 out of its 105 schools.
But the flooding was not as dramatic as the localised flooding in Sheffield and Doncaster.
Newspapers and television reported about other areas, and Hull Council leader Carl Minns said Hull was the forgotten city of the floods.
Much of Hull is on reclaimed land at or below sea level.
The Hull Tidal Surge Barrier is where the River Hull joins the Humber Estuary and is lowered at times when unusually high tides are expected.
It is used between 8 and 12 times per year and protects about 10,000 people from flooding.
Hull was a county borough in the East Riding of Yorkshire from 1889 to 1974.
Then it became a non-metropolitan district of the new Humberside county.
When that county was abolished in 1996 it was made a unitary authority.
The governing body of the city is now Hull City Council, based in the Guildhall in the city centre.
Two-E formed off shore Mexico on June 3.
It died 2 days later.
Two-E produced 15 inches of rain in Mexico before it died.
Bud was a Category 3 storm.
It rapidly strengthened and then weakened just as fast.
Carlota caused light rain in Mexico but no damage was reported.
It was a Category 1 storm.
Daniel was a long lived Major hurricane that Affected Hawaii with some rain.
It peaked as a Category 4.
It was the second strongest storm this year.
Gilma produced light rain in Mexico.
It was also the weakest storm so far.
Hector was a Category 2 hurricane.
It made it to the Central Pacific.
Kristy was a Category 1 hurricane that was outflowed by Hurricane John.
Three-C was a short lived tropical depression that started several hundred miles southwest of Hawaii.
It died the next day while no where near any land.
Tropical Depression Twenty-E formed and died on the same day, November 11.
Twenty-E did not affect any land.
The name Ioke was retired from the north-central Pacific list by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2007 and replaced with Iopa.
During the 61st Interdepartmental Hurricane Conference, the Hawaii State Civil Defense requested the retirement of the name Daniel, citing that the storm had become memorable due to threat of damage.
However, the request was denied, as the name remains on the tropical cyclone naming list.
In California, Linda was responsible for 8 deaths and $68 million in damage.
Five people were drowned in a jetty.
Flash floods caused 3 deaths and mudslides destroyed millions many homes and $68 million in damage.
The Southwest would get devastated again by Hurricane Nora weeks later.
There were no deaths from Rick.
Trees were downed and recently repaired roads were washed out.
Liza was very deadly and the third deadliest ever behind Hurricane Paul and the Mexico hurricane.
Team Fortress 2 (TF2) is a free-to-play multiplayer first-person shooter video game.
It is made by Valve Corporation, who develops and publishes the game.
The game has nine characters, called classes.
Players can choose which one of these classes they want to play, and can change classes in the middle of a round.
There are many different game modes, such as Payload, which has one team pushing a cart along a track while the other team tries to stop them, and a version of Capture the Flag, where players must capture a briefcase with important papers.
The game is set in 1968, in an alternate history.
The game also takes inspiration from many famous spy movies and TV shows, taking elements from James Bond, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., and Get Smart.
Coppélia lost its star when Grantzow was injured.
She went back to Russia.
Beaugrand was again passed over for the part of Swanhilda.
Giuseppina Bozzacchi was a sixteen-year-old dancer in the company.
It was she who was chosen to play Swanhilda.
On June 15, 1994, Nas's ex-fiancée Carmen Bryan gave birth to their daughter, Destiny.
Nas was married to Kelis from 2005 until they divorced in 2010.
She is the mother of his son.
In 1959 he was elected President of Ireland, as which he served until 1973.
At his retirement at the age of 90, he was the oldest Head of State in the world.
In the United Kingdom, around 2,600 people are invested personally by The Queen or a member of the Royal Family.
A list of those to be honoured is published twice a year, in either the New Year's Honours List or The Queen's Birthday Honours List.
Some types can be grown and used to make the drug opium.
Ancient Egyptian doctors had their patients eat seeds from a poppy to relieve pain.
Poppy seeds contain small quantities of both morphine and codeine.
These are pain-relieving drugs that are still used today.
The morphine practically disappears from the seeds twenty days after the flower has opened, so from then on poppy seeds and their oils are not narcotic.
A European Union member state is any one of the twenty-seven countries that have joined the European Union (EU) since it was found in 1958 as the European Economic Community (EEC).
From an original membership of six states, there have been five successive enlargements.
The largest happened on 1 May 2004, when ten member states joined.
Some very small changes in how a mouthpiece is made can change the sound of an instrument a lot.
Some players gold plate their brass mouthpieces, covering them with a thin layer of gold.
This makes the sound of the instrument better than with any other mouthpiece.
For some people that are allergic to silver, this is the best (but not cheapest) way to play a brass instrument without getting sick.
Gold does not smudge, so it only has to be cleaned with soap and water once in a while.
On 15 June 2008, Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends was at the top of the UK album chart, despite having come on the market only three days previously.
In that time, it sold 302,000 copies; the BBC called it one of the fastest-selling records in UK history.
By the end of June, it had set a new record for most-downloaded album ever.
In October 2008, Coldplay won two Q Awards for Best Album for Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends and Best Act in the World Today.
The band followed up Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends with the Prospekt's March EP, which was released on 21 November 2008.
The EP features tracks from the Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends sessions and, as well as being available on its own, was issued as a bonus disc with later editions of Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends.
The song Life in Technicolor II was released as a single on 9 February 2009.
You're fired!
said the boss to the man shot from a gun.
Cockatiels are Australian psittacines native to the deserts (Forshaw, 2010).
Timpani is an Italian word.
It is also a plural of the word timpano.
However timpano is rarely used in informal English.
More often, a timpano is referred to as a drum, a timpani, or simply a timp.
Someone who plays a timpani is called a timpanist.
The Najaf seminary is one of the most important teaching centres in the Islamic world.
Ayatollah Khomeini lectured there from 1964 to1978.
In 2013, a law against 'homosexual propaganda' was made in Russia.
Cher chose not to perform at the Winter Olympics because of the law.
On 27 January 2014, the mayor of Sochi said that there are no gay people living in Sochi.
The commander of the U.S.
occupation zone in Germany, General Lucius D.
Clay, wanted to send some tanks along the Autobahn from West Germany to West Berlin, with instructions to fire if they were stopped or attacked.
President Truman said no, because that may start a war.
Clay was told to ask General Curtis LeMay, commander of United States Air Forces in Europe, to see if an airlift was possible.
General Albert Wedemeyer, the U.S.
Army Chief of Staff, was in Europe when the blockade began.
He had been commander of the American forces in India and China in 1944–45.
He knew about the Allied airlift from India over The Hump of the Himalayas to China.
He was in favour of starting an airlift.
Rockingham is a coastal suburb in the city of Perth, Western Australia.
It in 2006 it had a population of 13,000.
Avet Terterian (1929 - 1994) was a leading Armenian composer, awarded by Konrad Adenauer prize.
Stem tetrapods are difficult to classify because they lack some or all of the key characteristics of the standard groups.
There are a number of characteristics which cannot be seen on fossils, but which are of great importance.
Mammals are distinguished from reptiles by fundamental differences in the development of the blood system.
These differences are such that it would be almost impossible for mammals to be derived from reptiles.
Part One tells how a man called Christian makes his way from the 'City of Destruction' (Earth) to the 'Celestial City' (Heaven) of Zion.
Christian finds himself weighed down by a great burden which he gets from reading a book (obviously the Bible).
He wonders what he can do to be saved.
The character Evangelist appears several times during the story, pointing him in the right direction.
Evangelist shows Christian the way to the 'Wicket Gate'.
Christian tries to persuade his family to join him on the journey, but they refuse, so he leaves them behind.
The first possums were brought to New Zealand in 1837 from Australia.
In New Zealand, possums have no natural enemies, so possum numbers increased quickly.
It is thought of as a pest in New Zealand.
Emilia Pardo Bazán (16 September 1851 – 12 May 1921) (also known as Emilia, countess de Pardo Bazán) was a Spanish author and scholar.
The cathedral was founded in 1004 by the emperor Henry II, and was consecrated in 1012.
During the next two centuries it was burnt down twice.
The building now is a late Romanesque building with four big towers.
It has a choir at both ends.
The east chancel is dedicated to St.
George.
This symbolizes the Holy Roman Empire.
The west chancel is dedicated to St.
Peter symbolizing the Pope.
The hypothalamus controls body temperature, hunger, thirst and circadian cycles.
Recently there have been more renovations to La Scala.
Some people were worried that it would spoil the historic building, but the opera company were very pleased when the work was done.
There was a new stage and lots more room behind the stage.
The heavy red carpets were taken away and the sound was better.
The seats include monitors so that the audience can follow the words in English or Italian if it is in a foreign language (not Italian).
Spandau is the westernmost borough (Bezirk) of Berlin.
It is along the western bank of the Havel, and is where the rivers Havel and Spree meet.
He influenced Pablo Picasso as a modern artist, and also left a lot of modernist buildings in Sitges, a town from Catalonia very influenced by that artist.
Lahore () is the second biggest city in Pakistan.
It is the capital of the province of Punjab.
It is also known as the 'City of Gardens' because of its many parks and gardens.
This city is known for its rich culture and lively atmosphere.
Pakistan's major Urdu film industry Lollywood is based here at the Cultural Heart of Pakistan.
It is 60 km (35 mi) west of Amritsar, India.
It has a semi-arid climate (BSh in the Köppen climate classification).
Sir Peter Neville Luard Pears ( ; 22 June 19103 April 1986), was an English tenor and life-long partner of the composer Benjamin Britten.
Pears was at school at Lancing College.
He then studied music at Keble College, Oxford.
He was organist at Hertford College, Oxford but left Oxford without taking his degree.
He later studied singing for two terms at the Royal College of Music.
Pears continued to live in the Red House, Aldeburgh.
After he retired from performing he continued to teach young singers at the Britten-Pears Foundation.
He was awarded a CBE in 1955 and knighted in 1977.
In his last years Pears also suffered from heart disease.
He died ten years after Britten.
He is buried next to him in the churchyard of Saint Peter and Saint Paul's Church in Aldeburgh.
He has served on many international commissions.
He was chairman of the Independent Working Group on the future of the United Nations and was one of three 'Wise Men' appointed by European Commission President Romano Prodi to consider the future of the European Union.
Adidas has three types of logos, which are originals, sports performance, and sports style.
Each type follows the product design concept and shared inspiration.
They imply the features of lots of products.
Adidas heritage line shows the combined design of sportism and lifestyle.
With retrospecting 60s, products including clothes, shoes, bags, and other fashion items are reappearing.
Heritage’s logo Trefoil was developed based on the three stripes in 1971.
With crossing the tree stripes which symbolize diversity of brand, the unique characteristic of logo is expressed geometrically.
This was an innovation in the existing logo.
Sports performance line shows the goods which contains its self-esteem as a professional sports brand.
The logo with three stripes has been used constantly.
And, in 1997, Adidas‘ creative director Peter Moore renobated the type.
He wanted to keep important meanings of old one, but at the same time he needed new logo which can be applied to the modern design.
From his hand, three stripes became to mean a mountain which symbolizes a challenge and an accomplishment.
And the parallel lines of stripes express gradually the brand's goal.
The Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) is a U.S.-based mixed martial arts (MMA) organization, which is currently the largest MMA promotion in the world.
The UFC's President is Dana White, who has been the President of the company since it was purchased by his friends the Fertitta brothers for $2 million in 2001.
It was eventually sold by the Fertitta brothers for over $4 billion dollars in 2016, to its current owners Zuffa, LLC.
Neighbouring districts of Manchester are Whalley Range and West Didsbury, and to the west and north are Stretford and Old Trafford which are parts of Trafford.
Hough End Hall is a manor house built in 1596.
There are two churches belonging to the Church of England, St Clement's and St Werburgh's, and also St John's Church which is Roman Catholic, a Methodist church and a United Reformed church.
The California wildfires of October 2007 were more than 20 wildfires until November 9, 2007 burning in Southern California, making over 1,000,000 people to leave their homes, breaking at least 1,500 homes and buildings and moving in on at least 56,000 more.
Two different Marine Corps Base fires were reported at about 1:00 p.m.
on October 23.
The Camp Margarita Fire is at 33 Area behind the Marine Corps Air Station.
The Las Pulgas Fire is located at 43 Area near Basilone Road.
Evacuations have been ordered.
The Coronado Hills Fire burned south of Cal State San Marcos.
The McCoy fire has burned in the Cleveland National Forest.
The fire started at about 3:13 a.m.
on October 23 as a structure fire on the La Jolla Indian Reservation and then moved onto Palomar Mountain.
It is running in the same way as the Rice Fire.
With firefighters worried that the Rice Fire and Poomacha fire will meet in the Del Dios Canyon, firefighters have left the area and people living there have to leave.
The Canyon Fire has burned close to Malibu, California, mostly in Malibu Canyon.
600 residences, 200 commercial buildings, and 100 outbuildings were in danger, and 500 homes have been evacuated.
The Magic Fire started near The Old Road at Magic Mountain Parkway.
Flames crept a few yards from West Ranch High School and many houses being made in Stevenson Ranch, but were pushed away.
The fire is believed to have been caused accidentally by welders at a construction site.
The October Fire burned a small area in Santa Clarita, burning several homes in the Canyon Breeze Mobile Home Park.
The Slide Fire has burned at Green Valley Lake, west of Lake Arrowhead.
The Green Valley Lake, Arrow Bear, and Running Springs communities are under evacuation.
Reports indicate water pressure in local systems was lost and conditions were too harsh for fighters to continue efforts in some areas.
The fire has burned a camp owned by the Boy Scouts of America's local council, the California Inland Empire Council, called Camp Helendade.
Helendade was originally given to the council in 1960 to replace another camp that had been burned.
The fire began near Martin Ranch Road and Meyers Road.
This fire was in the Ontario, California area.
It damaged several buildings.
Together the fires made it a must to close Interstate 15 in the Cajon Pass.
One fire was started by an flipped-over semi-truck.
This fire burned 250 acres.
It is currently 50% under control.
107 firefighters are assigned to this fire.
The Roca fire began at 3:52 p.m.
on October 21 in Aguanga, and burned east of Temecula.
The fire was 100% contained on October 22.
One home was destroyed and one injury was reported from the fire.
The term Iron Man is used in multiple sports for players with long streaks of consecutive games.
For example, the term Iron Man of Baseball refers to either Lou Gehrig or Cal Ripken, Jr..
Iron Man is the name of a song by Black Sabbath.
It was on their second album, Paranoid (1970).
The song is one of Black Sabbath's greatest hits.
Walton then started to write more orchestral music: the Cello Concerto (1956), the Symphony No.
2 (1960), and the Variations on a Theme by Hindemith (1963).
He started to have many honours: He was knighted in 1951 and received the Order of Merit in 1968.
People liked his one-act comic opera The Bear, when it was performed at the Aldeburgh Festival in 1967, and he was asked by people from all over the world for new music.
His song-cycles from this period were given their first performances by famous singers such as Peter Pears and Elisabeth Schwarzkopf.
The pronunciation of vowels may be different from normal German, e.g.
Moisture mostly means the presence of water, often in trace amounts (small quantities).
Concert halls that are purpose-built usually have fixed seating (seats that cannot be moved).
Some halls may have seats that can be moved, either by stacking them in small piles, or tiered seating that can fold up.
This allows the hall to be used for other things, e.g.
dancing.
Song cycles started to become popular with composers in the Romantic period.
Although there were examples of song cycles written before that, it was the German composers of the 19th century who are most often thought of as writers of song cycles.
Their songs are called Lieder.
We know very little about his life.
He probably grew up in Mantua.
In a letter he says that he came from Verona.
Until around 1500 he lived and worked in Mantua, but sometimes he went to other towns when he was in trouble.
In 1499 he found his wife with another man, so he murdered her.
He may also have murdered the other man.
We cannot be sure about this.
Anastasia is a movie made in 1956 by 20th Century Fox.
The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport (short name: SSR Airport) is the biggest airport in Mauritius.
Strauß visited communist Albania on 21 August 1984, while Enver Hoxha, the absolute dictator from the end of World War II until his death in 1985, was still alive.
Strauß was one of the few Western leaders to visit Albania.
Some thought Strauß might be helping to start diplomatic links between Albania and West Germany but the visit did not result in anything concrete.
In 2016, she also introduced a fitness-wear collection called Ivy Park.
In 2010, she released her first perfume which she called Heat.
The discography of the R&B group Destiny's Child.
Destiny' s Child has sold in total 75 million worldwide including albums, video albums and singles; its leader Beyoncé as a solo and featured artist has sold the same million of copies; its co-leader Kelly Rowland has sold as a solo and featured artis 20 albums and single's million worldwide.
The 1977 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1977 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1977 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1977.
These dates start and end the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean.
The season was very inactive.
At first, Guildford and Jane were allowed to visit each other, but only in the garden.
However, for the last few months of their lives, they were not allowed to visit each other anymore.
A few days before their execution, Guildford asked Jane if they could visit one last time, but Jane refused.
The Bundesversammlung does not hold debates or question any of the candidates for president.
Young was born in Gilmore, Ohio, a farming community in eastern Ohio.
Young went by the name Dent Young in his early years.
References(sorry...on my cell, someone else will have to tidy up...
French Sudan (Fr.: Soudan) was a colony in French West Africa in actual Mali.
The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones.
It helps to regulate metabolism, growth and development, tissue function, and plays a part also in mood.
The Me 262 was a German fighter aircraft flown during late World War II.
It was the first jet to be used in war.
It began test flights in 1942, but was not used in combat by the German air force, the Luftwaffe, until 1944.
Very few were built because Germany's enemies were bombing factories.
It saw little action because the war was nearly over.
The jet engines of the new machine often caused problems, that's why a lot of machines had deathly accidents.
They are allowed by the Charter Trustees Act 1985, so that some of the privileges and dignities of former city can be carried on.
mama pi mi mute o, sina lon sewi kon.
nimi sina li sewi.
ma sina o kama.
jan o pali e wile sina lon sewi kon en lon ma.
o pana e moku pi tenpo suno ni tawa mi mute.
o weka e pali ike mi.
sama la mi weka e pali ike pi jan ante.
o lawa ala e mi tawa ike.
o lawa e mi tan ike.
tenpo ali la sina jo e ma e wawa e pona.
Katherine (also spelled Catherine) was born in 1540 to Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey.
Her parents were disappointed that she was a girl.
However, Frances treated Katherine better than she treated her sister, Lady Jane Grey.
Little is known about Katherine's early life before 1550.
Katherine was considered even more beautiful than her sister Jane.
She was a little short, but she had a delicate appearance.
She had shining red-gold hair and her grandmother Mary Tudor's blue eyes.
She also had white skin and no freckles, unlike her sister Jane.
The form of the county name is unique in England.
Many counties are named after their principal town, and the expected form here would be Durhamshire.
But County Durham did not become a shire/county until after the language of government was changed from Anglo-Saxon to Norman French in 1066.
Previous to that it was a semi-independent Bishopric.
The highest peaks of the Stara planina itself are in central Bulgaria.
The highest peak is Botev (2,376 m), in the Central Balkan National Park (established 1991).
Frank Wells was born in 1932.
At age 37, he became the Vice President of Warner Brothers, in 1973 the President and in 1977 the Vice Chairman.
In 1982 he left Warner Bros.
to pursue his dream of climbing to the top of the highest mountain on each continent.
In 1984, he became part of the Disney concern as the second man behind Michael Eisner.
Since 1984 he was the President and the Chief Operating Officer (COO).
With Wells and Eisner at the top Disney became again one of the leading entertainment companies.
In astronomy, an apsis, plural apsides (IPA: //) is the point of greatest or least distance of the elliptical orbit of an astronomical object from its center of attraction, which is generally the center of mass of the system.
In astrodynamics, orbital eccentricity shows how much the shape of an object's orbit is different from a circle.
They had two sides; Muslim and Non-muslim what divided them was a 6 miles of informal market villages (street).
For such a prolific empire, there are few written accounts of its greatness.
Most of the written accounts that do exist came from Arab scholars who traveled through the region.
Instead of written accounts, most of the stories from the locals were passed down through oral histories, songs and poems.
Until this day, ‘griots’ still tell stories of the ancient history in the area.
Architects in the Mali Empire combined styles of the Sahel region and Middle East together, particularly after Emperor Musa’s pilgrimage to Mecca.
There were several royal palaces built during the time, many of which are still standing.
Mud bricks, log beams and plaster helped these palaces to remain standing.
The most famous work of architecture from the time period is the Great Mosque of Djenné, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The mosque was rebuilt in 1907 and can still be visited in Djenné.
However, if you aren’t a Muslim, you can’t go inside.
Islam was very important to the Mali Empire.
Most of the kings of the Mali Empire eventually converted to Islam, with their people subsequently practicing as well.
However, unlike many empires, they didn’t make their subjects convert, and the version of Islam that they practiced was combined with the local traditions of the villages.
You can still see many relics in cities like Bamako, Djenné and Timbuktu.
The Mali Empire's most important industry was gold.
People in the ancient world were drawn to it.
The Mali Empire (Timbuktu in particular) was a huge trading center for the gold industry.
Camel caravans would come to the area before leaving across the trans-Saharan trade routes.
The empire had so much gold that it caused the market to crash for a period of time when Mansa Musa brought almost a ton of gold to Cairo.
The army of the Mali Empire was massive.
Jeanne Demessieux (born Montpellier, France, 13 February 1921; died Paris, 11 November 1968), was a French organist and composer.
Between 1936 and 1939, she studied organ privately with the great Marcel Dupré, and in 1939 she joined his organ class at the Conservatoire.
After receiving a first prize in organ performance and improvisation in 1941, she studied five more years with Dupré in Meudon, before she played her first recital at Salle Pleyel in Paris in 1946.
This was the beginning of her career as an international recitalist.
She played more than 700 concerts in Europe and the United States.
Saxe-Altenburg () was one of the Ernestine duchies of the House of Wettin.
It was Frederick the Wise who set up the University of Wittenberg in 1502.
This was because the only university in Saxony was in Leipzig, was in the part of Saxony controlled by the descendants of his uncle, Albert.
The University of Wittenberg was were Martin Luther posted his 95 Theses.
Frederick protected Luther, and did not send him to Rome for trial.
Frederick allowed Lutheran reforms in his country.
She was a widow at her second wedding, as her first husband had died young.
When her second husband, Jefferson, was Governor of Virginia, she served as First Lady of Virginia from 1779 to 1781.
Popstars is a reality show where a number of people audition of a spot in a new popgroup.
The concept has been sold to most parts of the world.
The Romans adopted the Greek tradition, becoming the first people to write history in a non-Greek language.
The most famous writers are Julius Caesar's (100 BC–44 BC) Bellum Gallicum.
Livy (59 BC–AD 17) who records the rise of Rome from city-state to world dominion.
Historical journals for academic historians to exchange ideas started in the nineteenth century.
The early journals were similar to the academic journals used in the physical sciences, and were seen as a means by which history could be professionalised.
Journals also helped historians to establish various historiographical approaches, the most notable example of which was Annales.
Économies.
Sociétés.
Civilisations.
a publication instrumental in establishing the Annales School.
A secondary source would be a book on 13th century politics, while the Magna Carta itself would be a primary source.
The visual system is the part of the nervous system which allows organisms to see.
In the digital revolution the usage of digital signals has increased significantly.
The clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize digital circuits.
The image shown can be considered the waveform of a clock signal.
better known by her ring name Lita, is an American retired professional wrestler and singer.
She is best known for working with the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE) from 1999 to 2006.
She became one of the most popular female wrestlers in the company's history.
A criminal record is a list of crimes that a person has done in the past.
These records are kept by different law enforcement agencies.
Meroë (Meroitic: Medewi or Bedewi) is the name of an ancient city.
What remains of the city is on the east bank of the Nile about 6 km north-east of the Kabushiya station near Shendi, Sudan.
It lies about 200 km north-east of Khartoum.
In ancient times people would take heads or other body parts of enemies they had killed in a battle to show how good a warrior they were.
Many years ago (in Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome) the winners did not get any trophy, only a wreath (a wreath is made of flowers and looks like a crown).
The winner also got olive oil in a container that was similar to today trophies.
In local games, the winners got different trophies, such as a vase or a silver cup.
In ancient Rome, the tradition of getting a trophy was slowly forgotten and money were given instead.
Trophies were introduced back in the world on large scale in last century.
Football, rugby and baseball trophies were introduced.
This is a List of cities in the United Kingdom.
This list includes all places with city status.
Scheel was born in Solingen.
When the movie was released, it was the most successful movie worldwide.
It was behind Forrest Gump as most successful in the United States that year.
The movie was the most successful animated feature movie of all time until Finding Nemo.
, the movie has earned with over 1 billion dollars worldwide.
A Postal code is a series of numbers or letters and numbers used by a post office to help identify where a letter or parcel should be sent.
In 1962, BHA showed plans for its first development designed for older people.
The Robert Pfeifle Homes, was a 50 unit community in the northeast area.
It had ten buildings.
Georges Auric (born Lodève, France, 15 February 1899; died Paris 23 July 1983) was a French composer.
He was one of the six composers who became known as Les Six.
By the time he had joined Les Six he had already become a composer with a strong, personal style of writing.
His music is often energetic and aggressive.
Louis Durey (born Paris, 27 May 1888; died Saint-Tropez, France, 3 July 1979) was a French composer.
He was the oldest, but probably the least well-known of the six composers who are called Les Six.
Louis Durey was the son of a businessman.
He had no idea that he wanted to be a composer until he heard the opera Pélléas et Mélisande by Claude Debussy.
He was then already 19 years old.
He taught himself how to compose.
Durey became interested in left-wing politics and later joined the Communist Party.
During the years of the Nazi occupation of World War II, he worked with the French Resistance and wrote anti-Fascist songs.
After the war he had strong Communist ideas.
This made it difficult for him to be successful in the world of music.
Germaine Tailleferre (born Saint Maur Des Fossés, France, 19 April 1892; died Paris, 7 November 1983) was a French composer.
She was one of the members of the famous group Les Six.
She was called Marcelle Taillefesse when she was born.
When she was grown up she changed her last name to Tailleferre just to annoy her father because he had refused to let her study music.
She studied piano with her mother at home, composing short works of her own and then began studying at the Paris Conservatoire.
There she met Louis Durey, Francis Poulenc, Darius Milhaud, Georges Auric and Arthur Honegger.
She won several prizes at the Conservatoire.
She often met with her friends who became known as Les Six.
This brings classification in line with phylogeny (how living things evolved).
In cladistics, clades are the only acceptable units.
Phylogenetic nomenclature is a way of giving names to the groups (clades) that have been decided on by cladistic methods.
It differs in many ways from Linnaean nomenclature.
Critics of phylogenetic nomenclature include Ashlock, Mayr, and Williams.
There are an estimated 20 million weapons in Al Anbar, opposed to an estimated population of 2 million, according to official reports, a ratio of ten firearms for every citizen.
It's traditional for Dulaim tribe members to keep a weapons at home.
According to statistics of the Ministry of Commerce in 1999, there about million and half million inhabitants in seven major Cities in Al Anbar province.
Number of the Population is unknown, and there are no precise statistics Include all of the cities and towns and villages and the people of Al Anbar, just in the city of Abu Ghraib eastern Al Anbar There between 750,000 and 1.5 million inhabitants.
On Thursday, May 26, 2005, Holloway and 124 fellow graduates of Mountain Brook High School, located in a wealthy suburb of Birmingham, Alabama, arrived in Aruba for a five-day, unofficial graduation trip.
The graduates were accompanied by seven chaperones.
According to teacher and chaperone Bob Plummer, the chaperones met with the students each day to ensure nothing was wrong.
However, Jodi Bearman—the chaperone who organized the trip—has stated, the chaperones were not supposed to keep up with their every move.
Australophenida are a clade of mammals which has nearly entirely died out.
Today, living specimen exist only in Australia and New Guinea with only five surviving species species, but fossils have been in Madagascar and Argentina.
Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
Also accused in the case were the girl's 3-month flatmate and college classmate, Amanda Knox, along with her new student boyfriend of 8 days, an Italian young man named Raffaele Sollecito (), who lived in an apartment nearby.
Knox and Sollecito were both held in prison, without bond, for 4 years as they waited on the court judges to re-hear the case until they were found innocent of the crimes.
None of their DNA was found anywhere in the girl's locked bedroom, only out in the hallway or other rooms.
Many people found Lulu very shocking because the story is very decadent.
There is a lot of blood, murder, sex and violence in it.
Also: Berg’s music was quite difficult to understand.
He uses twelve tone music, which is not in any particular key, although he uses it to make a style of music which is often very Romantic and expressive.
In August 2011, Fox ordered a 13-part updated series of .
MacFarlane will co-produce with Anne Druyan and Steven Soter.
It will be hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson.
The series was broadcast on Fox in 2014.
The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) (Norwegian: Flyktninghjelpen) is an independent, non-governmental organisation in Norway which helps refugees and internally displaced persons around the world.
The NRC was established in 1946 with the name Aid to Europe, to help refugees in Europe after World War II.
Today, the NRC is an independent, private organisation.
It works closely with the United Nations and other organisations around the world, as well as in Norway.
Cormorants range in size from as little as 45 cm (18 in) and 340 g (12 oz) to a maximum size 100 cm (40 in) and 5 kg (11 lbs).
Most cormorants, including nearly all northern hemisphere species, have mainly dark feathers.
Some southern hemisphere species are black and white.
A few species are very colorful.
Many species have areas of colored skin on the face.
These areas can be bright blue, orange, red or yellow.
They usually become more brightly colored in the breeding season.
The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked.
Their feet have webbing between all four toes.
The House Medici (pronounced med-ee-chee) or Medici family was a very important family in Florence, Italy from the year 1300 to about 1600.
They were the richest family in Europe for many years.
Many leaders of Florence during the Renaissance were Medicis.
The Medicis were important because they ran many banks, including the most important bank in Europe.
They were so powerful they became like a royal family.
4 popes of the Catholic Church were from the Medici.
Their names were Pope Leo X (the 10th), Pope Clement VII(the 7th), Pope Pius IV (the 4th), and Pope Leo XI (the 11th) 2 Queens of France were from the medici- Catherine de’ Medici and Marie de’ Medici.The heir to the Tuscan throne was traditionally known as the Grand Prince.
A number line is usually drawn as a simple horizontal line.
Another form is the helical number line.
If the line of numbers is wrapped around a cylinder following an upward helical path, it becomes a helical number line.
One theory suggests that the human and chimpanzee lineages diverged somewhat at first, then some populations interbred around one million years after diverging.
More likely, the assumptions behind molecular clocks do not hold exactly.
The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate.
Karl Georg Büchner (17 October 1813 – 19 February 1837) was a German dramatist and writer of prose.
He was the brother of physician and philosopher Ludwig Büchner.
Many people think that he might have become as important as Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Friedrich Schiller if he had lived longer.
In 1828 he became interested in politics and joined a group which later on probably became the Gießen and Darmstadt section of the Gesellschaft für Menschenrechte (Society for Human Rights).
In Strasbourg, he studied not only medicine but French literature and political thought as well.
A computer monitor is a good example of a raster image because it is made of pixels.
The number of pixels it has is called the resolution of the monitor.
Another example is photographs, which are normally raster images.
In mathematics, the number four is an even number and the smallest composite number.
Four is also the second square number after one.
In mathematics, the number seven is an odd number and a prime number.
It is also a Mersenne prime.
Pretend formula_1 is the root number and formula_2 is the last digit.
Then formula_3 is the whole number.
In a variant called palla 21 scoring is 7-14-21 or game.
In this form they use a rubber or plastic ball of 35-40 grams.
Firstly a palla 21 tournament was played in Chicago during 2007 with Italian national team.
Because the storm was so large, its highly destructive eye-wall winds and the strong northeastern quadrant of the storm pushed record storm surges onshore, smashing all of the Mississippi Gulf Coast, including towns in Mississippi such as Waveland, Bay St.
Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, Ocean Springs, Gautier and Pascagoula, and, in Alabama, Bayou La Batre.
The surges at its peak were at 28 feet (8.5 m) in Bay St.
Louis, Mississippi, and at 13 feet (4.0 m) as far away as Mobile, Alabama, which saw its highest storm surge since 1917.
Storm surge was particularly high due to the hydrology of the region, the hurricane's extreme size, and the fact that it weakened only shortly before landfall.
As Katrina moved inland diagonally over Mississippi, high winds cut a swath of damage that affected almost the entire state.
Buras-Triumph is an unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Fiona Apple McAfee Maggart, or Fiona Apple (born September 13, 1977) is an American musician.
Her song Criminal, which was on her first album, Tidal, won a Grammy Award in 1998 for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance.
In 2008, West's fourth studio album 808s & Heartbreak was released.
The album was sung instead of rapped by West.
It sold 450,145 copies in its first week.
West acted in the 2008 movie The Love Guru.
Chalk, limestone, and dolomite are all basically made from calcium carbonate.
This comes from a mixture of minerals and pieces of animals (especially animal shells).
They are mostly formed in oceans.
Shales, sandstones, and conglomerates are all clastic rocks.
They are made from pieces of other rocks.
The pieces may have come from erosion by water, ice or wind.
Wind can blow water or small particles such as sand against the rock thus breaking it down.
This table shows the name of the bird, and the reasons () that type of bird can be destroyed.
Nearctic (February 11, 1954 – July 27, 1973) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
He had his most successful season in racing at 4 years old, when he won nine races.
Nearctic was retired to stand at stud at Windfields Farm in Canada where he became father of a Kentucky Derby winner and the Northern Dancer.
The ski slopes in Anzère cover about 40 kilometers, with 1 cablecar, 2 chair lifts, and 8 T-bars.
The most industrial western region of the canton is called Chablais.
The area is very important for the economy.
There are a lot of factories, the most important are the subsidiaries of Novartis and Syngenta, in Monthey.
In the town of Collombey, there is an oil refinery.
Zermatt is well known throughout the world for its great skiing, especially Triftji for its moguls.
The high altitude results in consistent skiing continuously up until the summer.
Most of the people speak German.
Goat Rock Beach is a beach in Sonoma County, California, United States.
In prehistoric times the lands of the canton were inhabited by people of the Pfyn culture along the lake.
During Roman times the canton was part of the province Raetia until in 450 the lands were settled by the Alamanni.
It was only in the 8th century that the canton became a political unit similar to what it is known today, as a Gau of the Frankish Empire.
At the time, however, the area was not so clearly defined and changed frequently.
Overall, the size of the Thurgau was larger, but during the Middle Ages the canton became smaller in size.
The dukes of Zähringen and the counts of Kyburg took over much of the land.
Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as mercenary soldiers.
Many of these soldiers later emigrated.
This helped to lessen the pressure of a growing population.
A popular destination was the Alsace.
After rejecting a new constitution by Napoleon — the ideas of the French Revolution were not popular in this agricultural area — Nidwalden was attacked by French troops on 9 September 1798.
Random destruction was caused and at least 400 people were killed.
After the end of Napoleon's rule in 1814 most of the changes were reverted.
Only in 1877 did Nidwalden introduce a new constitution.
The open assembly (Landsgemeinde) was abolished in 1997.
Oberon is the farthest big moon of the planet Uranus.
It is made of about half ice and half rock.
It is also seen as a large polysaccharide molecule found in the cell wall of many cells.
Names in parentheses after generic names indicate subgenera.
Cesc Fàbregas (born May 4, 1987) is a Spanish football manager and former player.
He plays as a midfielder for Monaco in the Ligue 1.
Eighteen is a number.
It comes between seventeen and nineteen, and is an even number.
It is divisible by 1, 2, 3, 6, 9 and 18.
The complete and definitive edition of Pepys's diary by Robert Latham and William Matthews was published by Bell & Hyman, London, in 1970–1983.
Some of the older editions of the diary are available online.
Like most seabirds, albatrosses live much longer than other birds.
They also do not look for their mate for a long time, and do not have a lot of young.
Some kinds of albatrosses live up to 50 years.
The oldest albatross recorded was the Northern Royal Albatross that lived for 61 years.
All the albatrosses in the south live in large nests.
They make it with grass, soil, and sometimes penguin feathers.
The Waved Albatross, however, does not make a nest but instead moves its egg around the pair’s territory, as much as 50 m (160 ft).
This may sometimes make it lose the egg.
In all albatross species, both parents incubate the egg from between one day and three weeks.
Incubation lasts around 70 to 80 days.
This time may become more longer for the larger albatrosses.
When they do this, it takes a lot of energy, and the adult can lose as much as 83 g (2.9 oz) of body weight a day.
Jura had a population, in 2014, of 260,681, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Lons-le-Saunier, with 126,071 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
He wrote a book about what he saw, called A Memory of Solferino.
he published it with his own money in 1862, and sent copies of the book to leading political and military figures throughout Europe.
The book did not only describe what Dunant saw, but called for the setting up of national voluntary relief organisations to help nurse wounded soldiers in the case of war.
Dunant also called for international treaties to guarantee the neutrality and protection for the wounded and for medics and field hospitals.
While the rest of the Red Cross Movement many be multi-national, the Committee believes that its mono-national nature is an asset because the nationality in question is Swiss.
Thanks to permanent Swiss neutrality, conflicting parties can be sure that no one from the enemy will be setting policy in Geneva.
The Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71 showed that even National Red Cross Societies can be biased and not maintain neutral humanitarianism.
Amalia Euphrosyne Lindegren (22 May 1814 – 27 December 1891) was a famous Swedish painter.
Thalassa or Neptune IV, is the second closest moon to Neptune.
It was named after a daughter of Aether and Hemera from Greek mythology.
Karolina Sofia Bock, (1792-1872), was a Swedish dancer, actor and singer.
She also became principal for the famous theatre-school, Dramatens elevskola.
Karolina Bock was born as Karolina Richter.
She was a student at the theatrical school Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809, were she was instructed by the principal Sofia Lovisa Gråå.
Many of the girls graduating from the school between 1804 and 1812, when Gråå was principal, became famous in Sweden, and were called the girls of Gråå.
She was principal for Dramatens elevskola two times; the first time from 1831 to 1834, and the second time from 1841 to 1856.
She was also teatcher in declamation there.
She was the third woman to be principal for the famous school.
Anne Marie Milan Desguillons had ben the first in 1793-1800, but she was principal together with her husband.
Sofia Lovisa Gråå had ben the first woman who was principal of this school alone, and she was principal in 1804-1812.
Karolina Bock was a good teacher, but unlike her own teacher, Sofia Lovisa Gråå, she was very strict and firm with her students, so strict that her students rebelled and had her deposed from her position as principal.
But she continued to work as an actor until 1863.
Lea Fredrika Ahlborn (née Lundgren) (18 February 1826 – 13 November 1897) was a famous Swedish artist.
She was a member of the Swedish Royal Academy of Arts, and the first woman to be appointed royal printmaker.
The position of royal printmaker also made her the first female official in Sweden.
In 1855, she was appointed royal printmaker, and was also elected as a member in the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts.
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work, and was given assignments from the Swedish Academy, the science academy and the royal academy Pro Patria.
She made the medal-portraits to the celebration of the anniversary of the king and queen, and she was hired by the US government to make the medal of George Washington at the centenary (hundred years anniversary) of the end of the American War for Independence in 1883.
In 1892, she was given the medal Illis Quorum by the king.
Slidell is the largest city in St.
Tammany Parish in Louisiana.
It is on the northeast shore of Lake Pontchartrain.
Chewing gum is a type of candy flavored with natural sugar or artificial sweeteners and also flavors such as mint.
Gum is made to be chewed, and not swallowed.
People chew gum for personal enjoyment and also to help clean teeth.
Before it is chewed, the gum comes either soft and chewy or hard and then softens in your mouth.
People are usually finished with gum once all the flavor is extracted, or their mouth becomes sore.
Once people are done with gum, they throw it away.
The new version of chewing gum has environmental effects, because it cannot rot easily.
Also, it is hard to clean up if it sticks somewhere.
Cardinal Hume's time in office saw Catholicism become more accepted in Britain than it had been for 400 years.
1995 saw the first visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Westminster Cathedral.
He also read from the Bible at the installation ceremony of Archbishop Robert Runcie as of Canterbury in 1980.
It was also during his term in Westminster that Pope John Paul II made first ever visit of a pope to England.
A square number, sometimes also called a perfect square, is the result of an integer multiplied by itself.
1, 4, 9, 16 and 25 are the first five square numbers.
Hurricane Betsy was a strong hurricane of the 1965 Atlantic hurricane season which caused a lot of damage in the Bahamas, Florida, and Louisiana.
Betsy made its most strongest landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi River, causing major flooding of the waters of Lake Pontchartrain into New Orleans; at the time it was the costliest hurricane in the history of the United States, and, as the first hurricane to cause over a billion dollars in damages, earned the nickname Billion-Dollar Betsy.
Poultry are a form of domesticated bird kept by humans for their eggs, their meat or their feathers.
These birds are most typically members of the superorder Galloanserae (fowl), especially the order Galliformes (which includes chickens, quails, and turkeys).
The term also includes birds that are killed for their meat, such as the young pigeons (known as squabs) but does not include similar wild birds hunted for sport or food and known as game.
The word poultry comes from the French/Norman word poule, which itself is derived from the Latin word pullus, which means small animal.
They are also known as long-horned grasshoppers, though they are more closely related to crickets than to grasshoppers.
Depending on the amount of time and temperature, the affected area can vary in carbon content.
The main towns are Marigot (on the French part) and Philipsburg in the Dutch one.
David Émile Durkheim (April 15, 1858 – November 15, 1917) was a French sociologist.
He is known for his contributions to sociology and anthropology.
He is considered as one of the founding fathers of sociology.
He thought that sociology should be scientific.
Many accidents of choking on popcorn kernels were reported.
This is because the popcorn kernel does go into the airway and throat, and gets stuck.
Many people want other people to take kernels out of the popcorn for children.
In the War, the Dauntless was used to take off aircraft carriers and attack enemy ships and submarines.
The SBD-5 (5th version) could go 255 miles per hour (410 kilometers per hour), and it had a Wright R-1820-60 Cyclone air-cooled radial piston engine with 1,200 horsepower.
It had two 12.7 mm and two 7.62 mm machine guns and it could carry one bomb or torpedo.
It weighed around 6,404 pounds (2,905 kilograms) to 10,699 pounds (4,853 kilograms).
It could fly for 1,115 miles (1,795 kilometers) without running out of fuel.
It could go as high as 25,525 feet (7,780 meters) above the ground.
Bardeen was born in Madison, Wisconsin.
His father, Charles Bardeen was a Professor at the Medical School of the University of Wisconsin.
He completed his bachelor's degree and master's degree in Electrical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
He completed his PhD in Physics at Princeton University in 1936.
The birth certificate itself is not proof of a person's identity, but only a record stating that a birth occurred at the time, date, and place stated on the certificate.
Mochi can be dangerous food for old people because it is difficult to bite off and is sticky.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year.
ZIP codes are numbered with the first number representing a certain group of U.S.
states.
The second and third numbers represent a region in that group of states or, in some cases, a large city.
The fourth and fifth numbers representing a group of delivery addresses within that region.
The main town in a region (if applicable) often gets the first ZIP codes for that region.
Other towns are often given ZIP codes in numerical order alphabetically.
Moscow used EET between 1922-30 and 1991-92.
In Poland this time was used between 1918-22.
In materials science, wear is the erosion of material from a solid surface by the action of another solid.
The study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology.
• Secondary or mid-age process where a steady rate of aging process is maintained.
The useful or working life is at this stage.
Children who have no home but the streets, and no family support.
They move from place to place, living in shelters and abandoned buildings.
It was named in August 2003 after the giant Siarnaq (also known as Sedna) in Inuit mythology, it is the biggest member of the Inuit group of non-spherical moons.
No surface details of Adrastea are known, due to the low resolution of available images.
Almens was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged into the new municipality of Domleschg.
Carpo is about 3 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 17,145,000 km in 458.625 days, at an inclination of 56° to the ecliptic (55° to Jupiter's equator), and with an orbital eccentricity of 0.2736.
The Su-27 is still in service with the Russian Air Force and others.
Russian Air Force has hundreds of aircraft.
Expressionism is an art and cultural movement of the 20th century.
Many novels of great length do not have chapters.
Non-fiction books, especially those used for reference, almost always have chapters for ease of navigation.
In these works, chapters are often subdivided into sections.
The chapters of reference works are almost always listed in a table of contents.
Novels sometimes use a table of contents, but not always.
During the French Revolution, a great sorrow came to Ampere's life; he lost his father who was executed by revolutionaries.
The death of his father brought a huge impact to Ampere.
Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is a borough of Berlin, formed in 2001 by joining together the old boroughs of Charlottenburg and Wilmersdorf.
It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 315,200 inhabitants.
Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg is a borough of Berlin.
It is a new borough, only made in 2001 by joining the old boroughs of Friedrichshain and Kreuzberg.
Neukölln is a borough of Berlin.
It has an area of and has, as of 2003, about 307,400 inhabitants and one of the highest percentage of foreigners in Berlin.
a unnamed Thrillville game is in the works for Xbox one, PlayStation 6 and Nintendo switch, set to be released in 2025.
Mneme or , is a non-spherical moon of Jupiter.
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S.
Sheppard, et al.
in 2003, and was designated S/2003 J 21.
After the war Dönitz was charged and convicted of crimes against peace and war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials.
He served ten years in prison.
He ordered the unrestricted submarine warfare which was done by Germany in the North Atlantic.
With this, he caused Germany to be in breach of the Second London Naval Treaty of 1936.
The English free settlers went to Australia to be free.
They wanted to make money as well.
They also wanted to explore Australian families who wanted a better life with their children.
Some people called the English Free settlers pilgrims.
Aaron Burr, Jr.
(February 6, 1751, – September 14, 1836) was an American politician, Revolutionary War hero and the third vice president of the United States (1801 – 1805).
He was born in Newark, province of New Jersey.
Burr fought in the American Revolutionary War, reaching the rank of Colonel.
It is the municipality farthest south in the valley of the Sernf.
Glarus is on the Linth River.
It is at the foot of the Glärnisch foothills.
A few artifacts from the Neolithic period were found in Aarau.
Near the present train station, the ruins of a settlement from the Bronze Age (about 1000 BC) have been excavated.
The Roman road between Salodurum (Solothurn) and Vindonissa passed through the area, along the route now covered by the Bahnhofstrasse.
In 1976 divers in the Aar found part of a seven-meter wide wooden bridge from the late Roman times.
Starting in the early 18th century, the textile industry was established in Aarau.
German immigration introduced cotton and silk factories.
These highly educated immigrants were also responsible for education reform and the enlightened, revolutionary spirit that developed in Aarau.
On March 22, 1798 Aarau was declared the capital of the Helvetic Republic.
It was the first capital of a unified Switzerland.
Parliament met in the city hall.
On September 20, the capital was moved to Lucerne.
Shackleton first went to the Antarctic on Captain Robert Scott's 1901-1904 expedition but he was sent home as he was ill.
In 1907, he went back to the Antarctic and in January 1909 was part of a group who walked further south than anyone had ever been before, travelling to within 190 kilometres of the South Pole.
He and his wife Izanami created many islands, deities, and forefathers of Japan.
When Izanami died while giving birth to a child, Izanagi tried (but failed) to retrieve her from Yomi (the underworld).
In the cleansing rite after his return, he created Amaterasu (the sun goddess) from his left eye, Tsukuyomi (the moon god) from his right eye, and Susanoo (tempest or storm god) from his nose.
Pterodaustro probably waded in shallow water like flamingos, straining food with its tooth comb, a method called filter feeding.
Once it caught its food, Pterodaustro probably mashed it with the small, globular teeth present in its upper jaw.
The objects in the Himalia group have semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) in the range of 11,150,000 and 11,750,000 km, inclinations between 26.6° and 28.3°, and eccentricities of between 0.11 and 0.25.
Because there were no international regulations, each ship was left to develop its own practices.
For example in 1905 the crew of a sinking lightship off Nantucket transmitted the word HELP to call for rescue.
Perhaps the first international radio distress call adopted was CQD ( — · — ·    — — · —    — · · ).
Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 19,300,000 and 22,700,000 km, their inclinations between 145.7° and 154.8°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.02 and 0.28.
Their semi-major axes (distances from Jupiter) range between 22,900,000 and 24,100,000 km, their inclinations between 164.9° and 165.5°, and their orbital eccentricities between 0.23 and 0.27 (with one exception).
The International Astronomical Union (IAU) reserves names in -e for all retrograde moons, including this group's members.
The fictional plot is set in Japan in the Heian period.
There is a murder and rape in a forest: these things happen to different characters.
Arthur Edward Art Pepper, Jr.
(September 1, 1925–June 15, 1982) was an American jazz alto saxophonist.
He was born in Gardena, California United States.
Pepper began his musical career in the 1940s playing with Benny Carter.
Along with Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan, Shelly Manne and others, he performed and recorded a lot of very good music.
It is the second economic centre of the country, after the Greater Santo Domingo (Distrito Nacional and the Santo Domingo Province).
It has a significant commerce and many industries, especially textiles, food and cement.
Most of these industries are in Santiago de los Caballeros and Tamboril; the tobacco industry is also important in Villa Bisonó.
The false gharial, like all other crocodilians, lays eggs.
It is a mound nester.
Females usually mature at 2–3 m.
Mated females will lay a clutch of 30-60 eggs in a mound of dry leaves or peat.
Once the eggs are laid, and construction of the mound is completed, she abandons her nest.
Unlike most other crocodilian species, the young receive no parental care and are at risk of being eaten by predators like wild boar, mongooses, big cats such as tigers and leopards, civets, and wild dogs.
The young hatch after 90 days and are left to look after themselves.
Schinus is a large genus of Anacardiaceae.
They are commonly known as pepper trees.
They prefer tropic subhumid zones.
The knockout stage involved the 16 teams that qualified from the group stage of the tournament.
There were four rounds of matches, with each round eliminating half of the teams entering that round.
The successive rounds were: round of 16, quarter-finals, semi-finals, final.
There was also a play-off to decide third/fourth place.
For each game in the knockout stage, any draw at 90 minutes was followed by 30 minutes of extra time; if scores were still level there would be a penalty shoot-out (at least five penalties each, and more if necessary) to determine who progressed to the next round.
Scores after extra time are indicated by (aet), and penalty shoot outs are indicated by (p).
Francisco was found by Matthew J.
Holman, et al.
and Brett J.
Gladman, et al.
in 2003 from pictures taken in 2001 and given the designation S/2001 U 3.
The diagram illustrates the orbital parameters of the retrograde non-spherical moons of Uranus (in polar co-ordinates) with the eccentricity of the orbits represented by the segments extending from the pericentre to the apocentre.
Because of this the Morgenthau and Monnet plans were rejected.
The orbital parameters suggest that it may belong, together with Sycorax and Setebos to the same dynamic cluster, suggesting common origin.
Felanitx is on the east side of Majorca close to Porto Colom on the coast.
It is from Palma.
It is the centre of a very touristic area (there are more than 2.300 hotel rooms), especially in summer.
By the end of the 15th century (1400s), the old basilica was falling to pieces.
Pope Nicholas V, (1447–55), was worried about it and got two architects, Leone Battista Alberti and Bernardo Rossellino, to make plans to restore it or build a new one.
But Pope Nicholas had so many political problems that when he died, very little of the work had been done.
The changing plans for St.
Peter's.
The architectural terms are explained in the article.
When Pope Julius decided to build the grandest church in Christendom the design by Donato Bramante was chosen, and Pope Julius laid the foundation stone in 1506.
Bramante's plan was in the shape of an enormous Greek Cross, which means that it had four arms all of equal length, and a large dome at the middle.
For the next hundred years, the groundplan got changed backwards and forwards between a Greek Cross like Bramante's plan and a Latin Cross like the old basilica, but one thing never changed, and that was the idea of having an enormous dome at the place where the two arms crossed.
Non-volatile memory is computer memory that keeps the stored information when not powered.
By early on October 17, the outer rainbands, which had previously controlled the structure of the cyclone, dissipated, while deep convection developed near and to the south of the center.
Computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression moved westward before turning to the north.
Deep convection continued to develop to the south of the center, and the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma at 0600 UTC on October 17, while about 200 miles (320 km) southeast of Grand Cayman.
Right after becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center predicted Wilma to track west-northwestward, reaching winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) before striking the northeastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula.
The storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center.
Late on October 17, a Hurricane Hunters flight into Wilma recorded winds of 50 mph (80 km/h), but an unusually low pressure of 989 mbar (29.21 inHg), which would be more typical of a minimal hurricane.
This was because of a number of unusual low pressures across the region, which resulted in a lesser pressure gradient and thus lighter winds.
Convection continued to develop near the center and became much more symmetrical.
Ferdinand is the farthest known moon of Uranus.
It follows a retrograde, fairly inclined but very eccentric orbit.
The moon orbits the barycenter of the system in the same plane as Charon and Nix, at a distance of about 65,000 km.
Unlike other moons of Pluto, its orbit is only nearly circular; its eccentricity of 0.0052 is small, but significantly non-zero.
Its orbital period of 38.2 days.
5 Astraea (written Astræa in the early literature) is a big main belt asteroid.
Its surface is very reflective (bright) and what it's made of is probably a mixture of nickel-iron with magnesium- and iron-silicates.
The adjectival form of the name, although unused, would be Astraean (which also designates a genus of star corals).
Ivan killed about 121 people.
1 In Barbados, 2 In Cayman Islands, 4 In Dominican Republic, 39 In Grenada, 17 In Jamaica, 1 In Trinidad and Tobago, 54 In the United States, and 3 In Venezuela.
In total, Ivan caused $18 billion in damage, nearly $13 billion was in the United States.
Hygiea's surface is made of primitive carbonaceous material similar to the chondrite meteorites.
The following 16 teams qualified for the final tournament.
Kanjani Eight (関ジャニ∞, kanjani eito, or Kanjani∞) is a Japanese boy band.
The group is made of eight men.
The group was made in 2002, and their first CD was released in 2004.They perform concert and release many CD now.
Arashi (嵐 in Kanji, meaning Storm) is a five-member Japanese boy band.
They made their debut on September 15, 1999 in Honolulu, Hawaii on a cruise boat.
They come from the famous Johnny's Entertainment production group.
Their first single was “A・RA・SHI.
In October 2008 they released the single Beautiful Days from a TV drama which stars one member, Kazunari Ninomiya.
In November 2008 the song topped music charts in Japan.
They appear in Arashi ni Shiyagare.
It is very famous TV show.
Arashi have released 39 CDs.
35 of 39 CDs reached first place in Oricon chart.
The CD which sold most in the Arashi is A・RA・SHI of first single.
Pole position in Bold.
Pole position in Bold.
Pole position in Bold.
Fastest lap in Italics.
Pole position in Bold.
Pole position in Bold.
Pole position in Bold.
Ponce is the second largest city in Puerto Rico outside of the San Juan metropolitan area.
It is in the southern part of the island.
186,475 people live there.
It is also called La Perla del Sur (The Pearl of the South) and La Ciudad Señorial de Puerto Rico (Majestic city of Puerto Rico).
Its actual mayor is Dr.
Luis M.
Irizarry Pabón (PPD).
Honecker's autobiography Aus meinem Leben is translated into English as From my life.
Safari has several features.
Some are specific to certain operating systems or platforms.
Modern English literature began in 16th century.
Thomas Wyatt and Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey wrote first English sonnets.
The last-mentioned invented also blank verse.
Edmund Spenser wrote The Faerie Queene, a long epic poem while Philip Sidney wrote a sequence of sonnets Astrophel and Stella.
The next stage is Thomas Kyd, Christopher Marlowe, Ben Jonson, Shakespeare and John Milton, sometimes described as Early Modern English (1470 to 1650).
William Shakespeare is the author of the most famous sentence written in English: To be, or not to be, that is the question:.
It is the first line of prince Hamlet's monologue from drama The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark that was published in 1603.
King James Version of Bible was published in 1611.
John Bunyan wrote The Pilgrim's Progress which is one of the most popular books ever published.
In 18th century first modern novels were written by Daniel Defoe, Jonathan Swift, Laurence Sterne and Horace Walpole.
English is a language known by many million people.
They can read literary works from any country in English translation.
He organised his kitchens into sections run by chefs de partie.
He also carried on Careme's habit of service à la russe (serving each dish in the order printed on the menu) instead of service à la française (serving all dishes at once).
Pikaia is an extinct genus of prehistoric lancelet.
It is regarded as the earliest known primitive chordate from the Middle Cambrian fossil found near Mount Pika in the Burgess Shale of British Columbia.
It was discovered by Charles Walcott in 1911.
Walcott classified it as a polychaete worm.
Opabinia is a fossil animal found in Cambrian fossil deposits.
Its sole species, Opabinia regalis, is known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale of British Columbia.
The discoverer of Opabinia, Charles Doolittle Walcott, named it after a local mountain, Opabin Peak in the Canadian Rockies.
The Boeing 787 has a common type rating as the Boeing 777, which means that a pilot who trains in one of the planes can easily switch to the other with very little additional training.
One of the most interesting features of the 787 is the sawtooth pattern at the back of the engine.
According to Boeing this makes the plane quieter for people on the plane and on the ground.
The engines also have sound absorbing material at the front of the engine to make the plane even quieter.
Abingdon School is founded.
The origin of the wedge is unknown, because it has been in use as early as the Stone Age.
Circa 3000 BC, in Ancient Egypt quarries, bronze wedges were used to break away blocks of rock used for construction.
Wood wedges, that swelled after being wet, were also used.
Some Native American tribes used antler wedges as a means of splitting and working wood to make canoes, houses, and other wood objects.
Fortran is a programming language first created in the 1950s.
It is still in use today.
It is a procedural language mainly used for scientific computing and numerical analysis.
Sweet William a Eurasian pink widely grown for its clusters of small bright-coloured flowers.
Biennial to perennial plant belonging to the pink family, native to southern Europe.
It is grown for its fragrant red, white, and pink flowers.
The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
During the last century in the western hemisphere, the wearing of beads has become the prerogative of woman.
Yet throughout history, men have worn great quantities of beads to show their masculinity and virility.
As early as 5000 BC men and women alike valued wearing strands of shell, stone, teeth and bone beads.
Faience and Carnelian beads found in an Egyptian tomb date back to 4000 BC.
Phoenician trade ships carried beads to and from Egypt as early as 2500 BC so it is impossible to know for sure how long beads were really in circulation.
The graves of Egypt reveal the development of the craft of bead making better the those of other civilizations due to the trade routes established in continental Europe.
From 3000-1900 BC, the Amber Routes ran from Moravia, France and Austria to Russia, England and Spain.
Ancient trade routes went to the Far East as well as Africa.
In the newspaper, Streicher argued that the Jews had helped cause the money problems Germany had during the 1920s.
These problems included unemployment, inflation, and economic depression (not having enough money going through the economy).
He claimed that Jews made white people into slaves, and were responsible for over 90 percent of the prostitutes in Germany.
ENIAC (which meant Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer) was a computer built between 1943 and 1946.
It was designed by two people called John Mauchly and J.
Presper Eckert.
The machine was built out of nearly 17,500 vacuum tubes, 7,200 diodes and many miles of wire.
It took up of space, which is the size of a large room.
The National Democratic Party () is a far-right political party in Germany.
It is usually just called the NPD.
Austral thrush (Turdus falcklandii) is a common bird found in southern South America.
It has a brown head.
Its breast is gray-yellow.
Its beak is solid and yellow.
It has dark brown eyes with yellow eyebrows.
Absinthe is bottled at a high level of alcohol, but it is usually diluted with water before it is drunk.
The group members were Takahiro Nisijima, Naoya Urata, Misako Uno, Mituhiro Hidaka, Shinjiro Atae, Shuta Sueyoshi and Chiaki Ito.
In Spain Galicia was placed on red alert - the highest level - by authorities who were expecting the extratropical remnants of Gordon.
Classes on September 21 were also stopped by the regional education ministry.
11 other regions of Spain, including as far east as Madrid and as far south as Andalusia, received lower levels of warning.
The Foreign Office handles contact between Germany and other countries or international organisations such as the United Nations.
This included trying to get a permanent seat in the Security Council of the United Nations as part of the proposed 2005 UN reforms.
A nor'easter (also northeaster) is a big storm along the East Coast of the United States.
A Nor'easter is called that because the winds in a Nor'easter come from the northeast, especially in the coastal areas of the Northeastern United States and Atlantic Canada.
More specifically, it is a low pressure area whose center of rotation is just off the East Coast and whose leading winds in the left forward quadrant rotate onto land from the northeast.
The precipitation pattern is similar to other extratropical storms.
Nor'easters also can cause coastal flooding, coastal erosion, hurricane force winds, and heavy snow.
Nor'easters are associated with warm fronts, cold fronts, or occluded fronts.
Nor'easters can occur at any time of the year but are mostly known for their presence in the winter.
A right triangle, (also called a right-angled triangle), has one angle that is 90 degrees.
The other two angles always add up to 90 degrees but can be different sizes.
Missing sides or angles of a right triangle can be found using trigonometry, the Pythagorean theorem, and many other ways.
In professional education, learning by teaching means a method that trains pupils and students to prepare and to teach lessons, or parts of lessons.
This method is designed to teach them better understanding than any method where the teacher talks to the pupils and gives them work they have to prepare.
The Hebrew word aron is used in the Bible to designate any type of ark or chest, for any purpose (Genesis 50:26; 2 Kings 12:9, 10).
The Ark of the Covenant is distinguished from all others by such titles as Ark of God (1 Samuel 3:3), Ark of the Covenant (Josh.
3:6; Hebrews 9:4), Ark of the Testimony (Ex.
25:22).
The Ark (aron kodesh in Hebrew meaning holy cupboard) is a raised cupboard found in Jewish Synagogues which contains the holy Torah scrolls.
These are all written by hand and can take years to make.
It is always on the wall of the Synagogue which faces towards Jerusalem.
The Federal Ministry of Finance () (BMF) is a ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.
It is based in Berlin and Bonn.
It is led by the Minister of Finance, whose office is in the Detlev-Rohwedder House in Wilhelmstraße, Berlin.
This was the old Reich Air Ministry Building.
The ministry is supported by a scientific advisory board.
Great Inagua is the third largest island in the Bahamas at 596 square miles (1544 km²) and lies about 55 miles (90 km) from the eastern tip of Cuba.
The island is about 55 × 19 miles (90 × 30 km) in extent, the highest point being 108 ft (33 m) on East Hill.
It encloses several lakes, most notably the 12-mile long Lake Windsor (also called Lake Rosa) which occupies nearly ¼ of the interior.
The population of Great Inagua is 969 (2000 census).
Earlier composers, e.g.
Renaissance composers, had also written suites, but the word “suite was not used until around the middle of the 17th century.
Prato's economy has been based upon the textile industry, since 1400.
The Monumento dei quattro mori (Monument of the Four Turks), dedicated to Grand Duke Ferdinando I de' Medici of Tuscany, is one of the most important monuments of Livorno.
Black-eyed Susan Rudbeckia is one of at least four genera within the flowering plant family Asteraceae whose members are commonly known as coneflowers.
A Roman theatre was uncovered when the motorway was built in 1964.
It was built about 100 AD.
It could seat an audience of about 4,000 people.
It was part of a small village of 400 to 600 people that existed for about 200 years.
The village was built on either side of the road for a distance of about 400 metres.
There were shops, taverns, and small factories making wood and leather products.
Behind these building were houses and farms.
It is possible that there was a small fort in the village.
The first buildings were wooden but these were destroyed in a fire at the end of the first century.
The new buildings were made of stone.
The village was abandoned in the 3rd century.
The octahedron has four special orthogonal projections, centered, on an edge, vertex, face, and normal to a face.
The second and third correspond to the B and A Coxeter planes.
The octahedron's symmetry group is O, of order 48, the three dimensional hyperoctahedral group.
This group's subgroups include D (order 12), the symmetry group of a triangular antiprism; D (order 16), the symmetry group of a square bipyramid; and T (order 24), the symmetry group of a rectified tetrahedron.
These symmetries can be emphasized by different colorings of the faces.
* This program asks for input from the user, i.e.
a name.
It then prints Hello [name], replacing [name] with whatever the person typed in.
Bramblestar has to lead ThunderClan as a large storm destroys their home.
Moth Flight learns that she must become the first medicine cat.
SkyClan has to leave their home.
Hawkwing has to help them find the other Clans.
Dovewing is pregnant with Tigerheart's kits.
She travels far away to find a safe place to give birth.
Tigerheart has to find them and bring them back home.
Crowfeather tries to make peace with his family.
Squirrelflight fights for the protection of a peaceful group of female cats known as The Sisters, while worrying that she'll leave no legacy when she dies.
Cloudstar leads SkyClan on a journey to find a new home that eventually fails.
Tigerclaw, former deputy of ThunderClan, seeks revenge on his old Clanmates.
Leafpool hides her kits from her Clan with the help of her sister, Squirrelflight.
Dovewing finds the loss of her special powers hard to deal with.
Mapleshade seeks revenge on every cat who has wronged her.
Goosefeather can see the fates of cats around him, including his own.
Ravenpaw takes his friend Barley, and Barley's sister's kittens to SkyClan.
Then he dies.
Spottedleaf must decide whether she wants to be a warrior or a medicine cat.
Pinestar decides to leave ThunderClan and become a house cat.
Thunderstar struggles as the first leader of ThunderClan.
Redtail's life was saved by Tigerclaw, but they begin to become enemies.
Tawnypelt takes her grandson on a quest.
Shadowstar is stalked by a cat who wants to kill her.
Pebbleshine tries to raise her kits while lost from her Clan.
Tree leaves his family to discover who he really is.
Mothwing doesn't believe in StarClan, and she must keep this hidden from her Clan.
Daisy questions her place in the Clans as she realizes what a violent place the forest can be.
Spotfur leads a rebellion against the possessed leader of ThunderClan.
The Ultimate Guide is an expanded version of Cats of the Clans with more characters.
The Shakers was a radical Protestant sect that opposed procreation and all sexual activity.
The Shakers were more opposed to pregnancy than anything else.
Tress MacNeille (born June 20, 1951) is an American voice actress best known for doing voices on the animated television series The Simpsons, Futurama, and Animaniacs, The Powerpuff Girls.
Her most famous characters on The Simpsons include Agnes Skinner, Brandine Spuckler and Lindsey Naegle, while her performance as Mom is her most notable Futurama role.
There has yet to be a study which shows that trans fat is good for human health in any way.
Since scientists and nutritionists now know the health issues related to eating trans fats, trans fats are being used less but there are still some in commercial food products.
The main difference between DDR and DDR2 modules is that the bus on which the DDR2 memory modules are working is clocked at twice the speed of the memory cells.
In practical terms we can say that four words of data can be transferred during one memory cell cycle.
To sum it up DDR2 can effectively operate at twice the bus speed of DDR.
Biden ran for president three times, in 1988, 2008 and 2020.
The first time he was viewed as a good choice early on, but quit after it was discovered he gave a speech that was copied from Neil Kinnock, a British politician.
A cypher is used to turn the original information (plaintext) to the encrypted form ciphertext.
The ciphertext message contains all the information of the plaintext message, but cannot be read by human or computer without the proper mechanism to decrypt it.
The Sturmabteilung (; often shortened to SA) was a paramilitary group for the German Nazi Party.
Their leader was Ernst Röhm.
In English, they are often called the Stormtroopers or the Brownshirts, while Sturmabteilung literally translates to “assault detachment or “assault section.
The word Sturmabteilung was used before the founding of the Nazi Party in 1919.
The SA played a key role in Adolf Hitler’s rise to power in the 1930s.
Other political parties also had their own partisan militia, and the SA fought them.
The Army and other conservatives disliked the SA.
Refreshing DRAM means reading the data from the DRAM and directly writing them back to the DRAM.
DRAM is often compared to SRAM (Static RAM).
SRAM is able to store data as long as power/energy is used.
There is no need to refresh it.
SRAM can also be faster than DRAM.
But SRAM is much more expensive than DRAM.
Also, SRAM uses more electric power and heats up much faster than DRAM.
It has about 1,600 people and lies in the Leventina valley.
The Ministry was formed on 22 November 2005.
It became the Federal Ministry for Education and Science in 1969 which it kept 1994 up to the reunification with the Federal Ministry of Research and Technology.
The seven main chakras are described as being present in an ascending column from the base of the spine to the head.
The chakras are usually connected with a certain color.
Each chakra is also connected with some part of consciousness.
There is one international airport in Perm Bolshoye Savino (Big Savino).
European settlement started on January 26, 1788 when Captain Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet arrived from England.
Phillip brought 732 convicts (prisoners) and a small group of soldiers to start a penal colony.
They landed at a small inlet which they called Sydney Cove after Lord Sydney, who was the British government's Home Secretary.
JP Morgan was one of the richest men in the world (if he wanted to, he and all his partner companies could have bought all the land owned by all of the 22 US states west of the Mississippi River at that time (worth about $22.245 billion)).
He did this through buying many companies and taking them over, usually becoming monopolies.
The olfactory system is often spoken as being similar to the gustatory system (taste system).
Both are chemosensory senses.
They change chemical signals into nerve impulses, which are translated into perceptions in the brain.
The First Temple, also called Solomon's Temple, was built by King Solomon in seven years during the 10th century BCE and has been dated astronomically to 957 BCE.
It was the center of ancient Judaism.
This first Temple was destroyed by the Babylonians in 586 BCE.
A new temple was built from 535 BCE to 516 BCE.
That was destroyed by the Romans in 70 CE.
All of the outer walls still stand, although the Temple itself has long since been destroyed.
The number of pixels in a display screen is called the resolution.
Because Jenkem is human waste and is inhaled (huffing), the person can get an infection because of the dirt and germs in the waste.
Venice was, at its height, the most powerful trading state in Europe.
drained their strength.
In 1714 the Turks declared was on Venice, and captured islands of the Peloponnese which had belonged to Venice.
Mindroling was damaged in 1718 by the Dzungar Mongols from East Turkistan.
Vich is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Khufu, called Cheops, was the Pharaoh who built the Great Pyramid at Giza, near Cairo.
He believed his soul never died, so they stored food, clothes, and things he owned in the rooms of the pyramid.
The Great Pyramid is one of the Seven Wonders of the World: tall as a forty-story building, it took a hundred thousand men twenty years to build.
With only ramps and physical energy, they had to move and lift into place 2,300,000 blocks of limestone that were about two and one-half tons apiece.
Slaves, farmers, and gangs of men had to work on the Great Pyramid, and were paid with valuable things, not coins (Egyptians had no coins).
Josquin was born ca.
1450-55 and died in 1521.
The four band members are Peter, Rufio, Fez and Rocky.
They met each other during various tours on the session musician circuit.
They played their first gig together under the name, The Peppernotes at a Caribbean Restaurant dressed as Peter Pan in drag.
Since then they have changed their name to Palladium and played alongside Amy Winehouse, Mika and The Thrills.
They were soon signed to Virgin Records.
The deal being signed whilst they were on tour in Japan.
Through their live shows Palladium have gained many fans, including Amy Winehouse, Mystery Jets and Get Cape, Wear Cape, Fly.
Their debut single, Happy Hour, was released on 23 July 2007.
They have recorded their debut album, The Way It's Not, with Tony Hoffer (The Kooks, Beck, The Fratellis).
It was announced that the album was due to be released on 28 January 2008.
However, according to HMV and Amazon.co.uk it is now expected to be released on 17 March 2008.
He considered speed in architecture by saying that house is a machine to live in.
This machine's purpose is to speed up the activities of the people who live in it.
Prada has paid for several famous architects, the most famous are Rem Koolhaas and Herzog & de Meuron, to make their shops around the world.
In modern physics, space is a boundless four-dimensional continuum known as spacetime.
Disagreement exists about whether it is an entity (something that actually exists).
It may be just a relationship between entities, or part of a conceptual framework.
The President is elected every 5 years on May 23 by the Federal Assembly (Bundesversammlung).
The Bundesversammlung only meets to elect the President.
Its members are the entire Bundestag and an equal number of state delegates selected especially for this purpose in proportion to election results for the state parliaments.
In Lower Saxony, the former SPD minister president Sigmar Gabriel lost the elections, leading to a CDU/FDP-government headed by new minister president Christian Wulff (CDU).
Musical notation from Ancient Greece showed the notes in more detail than the earlier cuneiform.
It shows the pitch (how high or low the note is) and how long it lasts.
It sometimes give an idea of the harmony.
It was used from at least the 6th century BC until about the 4th century AD.
A Perfect Day was released on 2005, almost one year later.
Reviews of this new album were mixed, but Stefanie said that all she wanted was to make quality music, instead of releases that sell well but have a lower level of artistic quality.
This album was not her highest-selling, but it had still managed to sell over 1,000,000 copies in Asia.
Wayne Lim Junjie (born March 27, 1981) is a Singaporean singer, songwriter, and music composer.
Lin is commonly known as JJ Lin and his Chinese name is Lin Jun Jie.
In 2004, with his self-composed song Jiang Nan, his career began to take off and his name became quickly known throughout China and Taiwan.
JJ Lin was originally managed by the entertainment agency called Alfa Music from 2003 to 2007.
In 2007, he left his previous agency and joined JVR Music.
JJ Lin’s undeniable talent in composing has earned him numerous awards every year.
For instance, in 2004, he won the “Best New Artist award in 15th Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.
In the same year, he also won “Best New Act in Singapore Hit Awards.
In 2006 Beijing Music Awards, with his popular album Cao Cao, he swept several big awards including Most Popular Male Artist, Top Twenty Golden Melody, Best Album, Best Producer, and “True Hero Award.
Ole Nydahl (born 19 March 1941 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is the founder and leader of Diamond Way Buddhism, an organisation in the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Since the 1970s he has travelled the world teaching and founding meditation centres.
Tanks has released two albums.
The album was released five weeks earlier than first planned due to the popularity of the single Foundations.
In its opening week of sales the album sold over 56,000 copies, and was certified gold.
(1) US Army personnel and their families garrisoned within three giant military bases located in Daegu.
(2) Immigrant workers typically from Uzbekistan and Philippines hired to labour cheaply in Seo-Gu factories (all of West Daegu).
(1) Japanese & Chinese National exchange or language students (closest neighbours) who will find the racial climate: emotional & touchy.
Japanese: averages 3 to 4 months before permanent departure.
Chinese: 7–9 months before permanent departure, or VISA expiration and deportation.
Maggia is a municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Rome ceased to be the capital from the time of the division.
In 286, the capital of the Western Roman Empire became Mediolanum (now Milan).
In 402, the capital was again moved, this time to Ravenna.
That, however, was forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles without the permission of the League of Nations, and all of the major Allies needed to agree to make such a decision.
Daikoku's pictures are found in the temples of Tibet and China and the god enjoys a high position as a household god in Japan.
Daikoku's connection with wealth and success started a strange ritual known as Fuku-nusubi.
This ritual started with the belief that the person who stole figures of gods and goddesses was promised good luck, if they were not caught while stealing.
Eventually, stealing divine figures became so common that the Toshi-no-ichi or the ‘year-end-market’ held in the Asakusa Kannon temple became the main place where the sale of these images was held.
Classical Athens refers to the city of Athens from 508 to 322 BC.
Athenian democracy was established in 508 BC under Cleisthenes, after the tyranny of the Peistratids and the rule of Isagoras.
This system remained remarkably stable, and with a few brief interruptions remained in place for 180 years, until 322 BC.
Athens was one of the most powerful cities in ancient times.
It was important because there democracy developed.
Ronson's mother, Ann Dexter-Jones, is a writer, and his father used to work in the music industry.
He has two twin sisters, Charlotte and Samantha.
Samantha is also a musical artist, and a well known LA DJ.
Now apply this to daily life.
The orange juice represents the previously mentioned basket of goods which represents the cost of living in a country.
Therefore, even if a country has a higher GDP per capita (individual income), that country's people may still live poorer if the cost of living is higher.
She was an unsuccessful candidate for President of Ukraine in the 2019 presidential election.
Courts give protection to ordinary people from bad governments, they are also protected from bad governments themselves.
The Templars later own Abstergo industries.
Mark William Calaway (born March 24, 1965) is a retired American professional wrestler.
He is most well known by the name (The) Undertaker.
He worked for World Wrestling Entertainment from 1990 to present, where he's a former three-time World Heavyweight Champion and four-time WWE Champion.
He made his debut with Dallas, Texas based World Class Championship Wrestling.
In 1988 he joined USWA.
The Moulin Rouge is a famous nightclub with a cabaret (or dance show).
The name Moulin Rouge means Red Windmill.
In the late 1800s there was a real windmill where the nightclub stands near Montmartre in Paris.
Now there is a large model of a windmill on the roof of the building.
Since 1889 this nightclub has been famous for its dancing, in particular for the can-can, a very lively dance in which the dancers, wearing long frilly skirts, kick their legs very high and show their underwear.
(In the 1890s, women wore long dresses, to their ankles).
Even though this entertainment was not thought of as very polite, it was very popular and the can-can became a symbol of Paris.
The Moulin Rouge is still very popular.
In 1899, Christian arrives in Paris, and makes friends with a group of Bohemians who visit the Moulin Rouge regularly.
They are trying to produce a musical called Spectacular Spectacular, which the owner of the Moulin Rouge, Harold Zidler (played by Jim Broadbent), plans to show at the cabaret.
The Bohemians' leader, Toulouse-Lautrec (played by John Leguizamo), is pleased with Christian's talent at writing and insists that he write their musical, Spectacular Spectacular.
Once they find out that Christian is an amazing writer, they come up with an complicated plan of presenting Christian to Satine, who is a beautiful courtesan, in the hopes that she will be impressed with him and persuade Zidler to hire Christian as the writer of the musical.
The Mets first played their home games at the Polo Grounds.
They opened Shea Stadium in 1964.
After 45 seasons at Shea, they opened Citi Field in 2009, nextdoor to Shea.
Shea was torn down during the 2009 season.
A Berlin biotechnology company claims that it has developed a solution to the duroplast problem: a bacterium that will eat a Trabant in 20 days and leave only compost.
Sigma (uppercase/lowercase Σ σ ς) is the 18th letter of the Greek alphabet.
It is used to represent the s sound in Ancient and Modern Greek.
In the system of Greek numerals, it has a value of 200.
Letters that came from it include the Roman S and Cyrillic С.
Objects of the everyday life get isolated and modified or processed in collages.
Pop art is a connection between reality and art, handled with abstract means.
Some of their catchwords are: popular, consumable, cheap, funny and outstanding.
In France today chanson often refers to the work of more popular singers such as Georges Brassens, Jacques Brel, Édith Piaf, Camille, Olivia Ruiz.
Gucci was started in 1906 by Guccio Gucci.
In 1938, Gucci grew bigger, and a small shop opened in Rome.
Guccio Gucci designed many of the company's famous clothes.
In 1947, Gucci made the bamboo-handle handbag, which is still used.
In the 1950s, Gucci also made the striped webbing (a type of material), and the suede and metal moccasin shoes.
In Iranian mythologies, Ghouls are creatures very similar to humans, but larger.
Usually they are less intelligent and not necessarily evil.
Most Haunted has a main presenter, a psychic medium and a parapsychologist.
The parapsychologist's role is to be the skeptic, and to give possible scientific suggestions for the paranormal activity that happens during the night.
These are supported by some of the production crew, who appear in the show and generally have some involvement with many parts of the investigation as they are performing their normal crew role.
Most of these on-screen crew members also take part in séances.
Tables with a Days recognized column means that WWE officially recognizes a different number of days that a wrestler has held a title due to an event airing on tape delay.
In some cases, particularly recent NXT UK events, the actual date an event took place is unknown.
Armani Exchange (often A|X) was made in 1991.
It is for younger buyers, often in their older teenage years.
It uses city fashion, quick and easy to wear clothes, especially T-shirts, jeans, polos, and sports coats.
Armani Exchange is the cheapest of all the Armani labels and is mainly sold in the USA.
Ubuntu is based on Debian.
Fedora Linux is Linux distribution by Fedora Project.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux is based on Fedora Linux.
Slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution,generally considered a distribution for expert users.
Silk tree Albizia julibrissin is a species of genus Albizia from southeast and east Asia, from east Iran to China and Korea.
By 2002, the number of wrestlers in WWF was twice as big because they now had wrestlers from WWF before the end of WCW, and wrestlers who came from WCW and ECW.
As a result of the increase, the WWF split its wrestler numbera with each half performing on one of WWE's two weekly TV shows - Raw and SmackDown!.
Each show also had different championships and bosses.
This was called the Brand Extension.
In May 2002, the WWF was renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and the championship was called the WWE Undisputed World Championship.
After these changes, the WWE Undisputed Championship was not on Raw or SmackDown and wrestlers from both brands could challenge the WWE Undisputed World Champion.
When Eric Bischoff became the General Manager of Raw and Stephanie McMahon became the General Manager of SmackDown, McMahon brought the WWE Undisputed World Champion at the time, Brock Lesnar, to the SmackDown brand, and left the Raw brand without a world title.
On September 2, after arguing about the brand that the Undisputed Championship should be on, Eric Bischoff announced the creation of the World Heavyweight Championship, separate from the Undisputed Championship.
Then, the WWE Undisputed World Championship was called the WWE World Championship or just the WWE Championship.
In 2011, there were two WWE Champions - John Cena and CM Punk.
On the August 1 episode of Raw the Chief Operating Officer of WWE Triple H, announced a match to decide who would be the WWE Champion between Cena and Punk.
At SummerSlam, Punk beat Cena to be the only WWE Champion, but that night Alberto Del Rio cashed in his Money in the Bank contract and became the new WWE Champion.
The holders of the contract gets a world title match whenever they want (they could also fight for the ECW Championship when the ECW brand was around).
After the WWE brand extension, WWE started having drafts each year, where some wrestlers changed brands.
After three years on the SmackDown brand, the WWE Championship switched brands during the 2005 draft, when the WWE Champion John Cena was sent to Raw while the World Heavyweight Champion Batista was sent to SmackDown.
On June 11, 2006, Rob Van Dam used his Money in the Bank contract at ECW One Night Stand for a WWE Championship match against Cena.
Van Dam beat Cena to win the WWE Championship, moving the title to the ECW brand, a brand WWE created after buying the Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion.
On July 3, Edge beat Cena and Van Dam in a Triple Threat Match to win the WWE Championship and with Edge on the Raw brand at the time, Edge brought the title back to Raw.
After the 2008 WWE Draft, the WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to SmackDown, moving the WWE Championship to the SmackDown brand.
The following year, the title returned to Raw after Triple H was drafted back to Raw during the 2009 WWE Draft, and the championship stayed there.
When SmackDown's Batista won the title from Raw's John Cena at Elimination Chamber, it still stayed on Raw because Batista was sent there.
1.
Devotion to the cause of Communism, love of the socialist Motherland and of the socialist countries.
2.
Conscientious labor for the good of society: he who does not work, neither shall he eat.
3.
Concern on the part of everyone for the preservation and growth of public property.
4.
High sense of public duty; intolerance of actions harmful to the public interest.
5.
Collectivism and comradely mutual assistance: one for all and all for one.
6.
Humane relations and mutual respect between individuals: man is to man a friend, a comrade, and a brother.
7.
Honesty and truthfulness, moral purity, unpretentiousness and modesty in social and private life.
8.
Mutual respect in the family, concern for the upbringing of children.
9.
Irreconcilability towards injustice, parasitism, dishonesty, careerism, and profiteering.
10.
Friendship and brotherhood among all peoples of the USSR, intolerance of national and racial hatred.
11.
Intolerance towards the enemies of communism, peace, and freedom of nations.
From November 1418 to 1420 he was a subdeacon at Cambrai Cathedral.
In 1420 he left Cambrai again, and worked in Rimini in Italy at the house of a rich family.
In 1424 he returned to Cambrai because the relative in whose house his mother was staying was ill.
After the relative died he went back to Italy.
He worked in Bologna for a cardinal.
He became a deacon and then a priest.
The newborns of the Romani people from different countries, as a Indian study shows, have the blue-greyish so called Mongolian spot.
Another study show's that many Romani Men from the Zargari tribe in Iran at Qazvin Province are born without a foreskin or a very short foreskin, a rare condition called Aposthia.
On 8 April 1971, the Roma nationality was legally recognized in Europe.
Since then, 8 April is the Roma national day.
Some formally Christian and Muslim Roma have embraced the Noahidic faith.
According to Jewish law, non-Jews do not have to convert, but are supposed to obey the Noahide commandments.
Persons who submit to the commandments are called children of Noah (B'nei Noach) Noahids.
In Hungary there are many former Christian Roma who adopted Buddhism, especially in Hungary.
There are also some Christian Roma groups, who taken one of the several evangelicalism faith.
Several Muslim Roma belong to one of a Sufism Tarika.
The Old Dualist-Religion of the Roma people called Romanipen is a simple belive in Devla-God and Beng-Satan .
There is no holy books but Priests called Rashai derived from Rishi, the Priests wife is called Rashani.
Only Roma or partial roma may be members.
The following table lists all towns in Germany that currently have a population greater than 100,000.
The federal capital is shown in yellow, state capitals (except Schwerin, which does not meet the list rules because it is too small) in light blue.
Screamo is a musical genre which came from both emo and hardcore punk in the mid 1990s.
This genre usually consists of minor chord progressions on guitar with both dissonance and reverb, the time signatures used are usually not in 4/4 instead bands and artists use less used time signatures to create a more tense feel, This genre has both a mellow and chaotic feel to it.
The vocals are usually high-pitched screams and lyrics are often poetic or political.
On April 28, 2016, Comcast NBCUniversal announced that it would acquire DreamWorks Animation for $3.8 billion.
The Comcast NBCUniversal-DreamWorks Animation acquisition was completed on August 22, 2016.
The Aeolian Islands is an archipelago of seven islands, which are north of Sicilly.
The islands are of volcanic origin.
About 13.000 people live on the islands, which belong to Italy.
The biggest of the islands is Lipari.
For this reason, the islands are also known as Lipari islands.
There are two active volcanoes on these islands, called Stromboli and Vulcano.
Stromboli is the only volcano that is active all the time.
The volcano on Vulcan is called Grande Fossa.
It is dormant or slightly active.
It is considered to be one of the most dangerous volcanoes in Europe.
Emperor Wilhelm II ordered the building of the church to honour his grandfather Wilhelm I.
The neo-romanesque style is a reminder of the many Romanesque churches in the Rhineland like Bonn Minster.
In 1990, McGraw joined lawyer Gary Dobbs in co-founding Courtroom Sciences Inc.
(CSI), a trial consulting firm through which McGraw later came into contact with Oprah Winfrey.
After some time, CSI became a profitable enterprise.
It advising Fortune 500 companies and injured plaintiffs about achieving settlements.
McGraw is no longer an officer or director of the company.
After starting CSI, McGraw ceased the practice of psychology.
This multistemmed shrub with crepe-like texture petals, and diverse colors is resistant to frosts.
A eunuch is a castrated man.
His genitals have been removed.
This can be cutting off the testicles.
The term castration is sometimes used to refer to emasculation where both the testicles and the penis are removed together.
Because nothing can move faster than light in a vacuum, there is no Cherenkov light in a vacuum.
However, if we say that light in water moves only with 75% of its speed in vacuum, particles with very high energy are now able to move faster than light (through water) and create Cherenkov light.
The district of Büren is a district of the Swiss canton of Bern.
Its capital is Büren an der Aare.
Many composers at that time were priests, but Dunstaple was not, although he had connections with St Albans Abbey.
He was probably married.
The river also has the second-largest flow in the world, behind the Amazon, and the second-largest watershed of any river, again trailing the Amazon.
Its watershed is a little larger than that of the Mississippi River.
Because large parts of the river basin sit north and south of the equator, its flow is steady, as there is always at least one river having a rainy season.
It can be defined as the science and art of selecting and interconnecting hardware components to create computers that meet functional, performance and cost goals.
60 (spelled sixty) is a number.
It comes after fifty-nine and before sixty-one and is an even number.
Coburg's Coat of Arms honoring the city's patron Saint Maurice was granted in 1493.
Due to the royal connections among the royal houses of Europe, Coburg was the site of many royal Ducal weddings and visits.
Britain's Queen Victoria made 6 visits to Coburg during her 64-year reign.
In 1896 one ceremony brought together Queen Victoria, her son Edward (future Edward VII), her second son Alfred (Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha), her daughter the German dowager Empress Friedrich (Victoria), and many of her grandchildren, such as Tsar Nicholas and Alexandra of Russia, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, and the future King George V of Great Britain.
Over two thirds of Coburg's population live in Coburg City.
Dürer took many prints with him.
He wrote in his diary to whom he gave, exchanged, or sold them, and for how much.
This is some of the few times the price of prints was recorded, so historians think it very important to show the values of prints compared to paintings at that time.
Dürer returned home in July 1521.
He had an unknown illness which stayed with him for the rest of his life, and slowed his rate of work.
Louis Vierne (8 October 1870 – 2 June 1937) was a French organist and composer.
He wrote a lot of music for the organ, including six large works called symphonies, 24 Fantasy Pieces (which includes his famous Carillon de Westminster), and 24 Pieces In Free Style.
Some of these can be played on the harmonium as well as on the organ.
Although he was initially called a Fauve (wild beast), he painted many traditional themes.
He painted from life, and his work includes many portraits and other figurative subjects.
Worldwide, polio has become much less common in the past few decades.
In 1988, there were about 350,000 cases of polio in the world.
By 2007, the number of cases of polio in the world had decreased by over 99.9%, to just 1,652 cases.
The second function of the dam is to provide electricity.
The dammed water drives a water turbine and generator.
It still works today.
This technology (hydroelectricity) had been invented in the 19th century in England and Germany, and was by 1900 used in the USA and most European countries.
Kālidās wrote two very good epic poems, Raghuvamsha (Dynasty of Raghu) and Kumārasambhawa (Birth of Kumar Kartikeya), and the lyrical Meghadoota (Cloud Messenger) and Rutusamhāra (The Exposition on the Seasons).
There are two major types of intersections.
Herman's Hermits were a rock band from England.
They were part of the British Invasion of bands during the 1960s, and were most popular in that decade.
Their business manager was an American named Allen Klein, who also worked for Donovan, The Animals, and later The Rolling Stones and The Beatles.
Bad Wörishofen () is a spa town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.
Historically, the name Blattaria has been used largely interchangeably with the name Blattodea.
Blattodea refers to a larger group that includes fossil groups related to roaches, but not true cockroaches themselves.
These earliest cockroach-like fossils (Blattopterans or roachids) are from the Carboniferous period between 354–295 million years ago.
However, these fossils differ from modern cockroaches in having long ovipositors and are the ancestors of mantis as well as modern cockroaches.
The first fossils of modern cockroaches with internal ovipositors appear in the Lower Cretaceous.
Two- and four-stroke rotary, radial, inline.
Inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems, where they are used to lower the amount of voltage an electrical device gives off or lower the fault current.
Inductors with an iron core are used for audio equipment, power conditioning, inverter systems, rapid transit and industrial power supplies.
Charles died without a son so there were questions about who would be the next king.
He had two daughters, but under Salic law, the basis of law in France, there was no inheritance through the female line.
Lisa is an 8-year-old girl.
She is one of the most intelligent characters on the series, with an I.Q.
of either 156 or 159.
She also plays the saxophone and is a vegetarian.
And, it is known, that on whole planet exactly the Armenian people is distinguished by the absence of spiritual and other human values.
The port of the mosque measures 27 meters high.
There are two minarets 42 meters tall on top of it.
All new stations have platforms with air conditioning.
There are many routes on the subway.
Many people who have never ridden on the subway get confused because there are so many routes going to so many different places.
The subway has signs that hang from the stations' ceilings to show the routes and where they go.
The rural district was created on 1 August 1994.
Its capital is Werdau.
On January 1, 1999, the district was reorganised.
Cainsdorf, Mosel, Oberrothenbach and Schlunzig were made a part of to Zwickau even though the people living in those towns wanted to stay independent.
The most complete version that exists today was preserved on twelve clay tablets in the library collection of the 7th century BC Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.
Gilgamesh was the fifth king of Uruk, an ancient city of Sumer.
His supposed historical reign is believed to lie within the period 2700 to 2500 BC, 200–400 years before the earliest known written stories.
His father was the third king, Lugalbanda.
In Germany, Upper and Lower Sorbian are officially recognized and protected as minority languages by the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
In the home areas of the Sorbs, both languages are officially equal to German.
Jehovah God himself directed Bible writers to use his name.
For example, he inspired the prophet Joel to write: “Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.
(Joel 2:32) And God caused one psalmist to write: “May people know that you, whose name is Jehovah, you alone are the Most High over all the earth.
(Psalm 83:18) In fact, the divine name appears some 700 times in the book of Psalms alone—a book of poetic writings that were to be sung and recited by God’s people.
Why, then, is God’s name missing from many Bible translations?What translations use the form “Jehovah?And what does the divine name, Jehovah, mean?
After retirement, she returned to writing a series of articles and books critical of Islam and Arabs and some people interpreted the articles under the guise of racism and so-called Islamophobia.
The band worked together to write the lyrics.
A garden in memory of Shipman's victims was opened in Hyde Park on 30 July 2005.
The region was originally populated by Sorbian peoples.
Uster is one of the twelve districts of the canton of Zürich, Switzerland.
Its capital is the city of Uster.
Yair Auron (, Ya'ir Oron; born April 30, 1945) is an Israeli historian, scholar and expert specializing on Holocaust and Genocide studies, racism and contemporary Jewry.
Since 2005 he is the head of the Department of Sociology, Political Science and Communication, The Open University of Israel, Associate Professor.
Much of the first part of the novel details how Claudia and Jamie settle in at the museum: blending in with school groups on field trips during the day to get a free presentation, hiding in the restroom at closing time to stay there, and emerging at night to bathe in the fountain and sleep on antique beds.
During their stay, they become fascinated with the newest exhibit: a beautiful statue of an angel, thought to have been crafted by Michelangelo.
Their time and money are spent trying to find the secret of the statue, hidden somewhere in the unorganized files of the statue's old owner, Mrs.
Basil E.
Frankweiler, who lives in Farmington, Connecticut.
It has become a tradition for the audience to stand up for the Hallelujah Chorus, although it is unknown when this practice began.
A piece of insulating foam from the external fuel tank peeled off during the launch 16.0 days earlier and struck the shuttle's left wing.
Atlas V is an orbital launch vehicle used by the United Launch Alliance (made of two companies, Boeing and Lockheed Martin) to place satellites into orbit.
It is a rocket tall, and wide.
It has flown 79 times, since its first flight on August 21, 2002.
It was developed from the Atlas (missile).
Unlike the Space Shuttle, Atlas V is only used once, with a new rocket being built for each flight.
While the French Impressionist painters were at work in France, painters in other countries were also beginning to paint outdoors in a broader style.
Eventually the Impressionist style spread to many countries across Europe, to North America and Australia.
Some artists continued to paint in the Impressionist style right through the 20th century.
Most Impressionist landscape paintings are small, so that the artist could carry them outdoors.
Some artists, particularly Claude Monet, would take several canvases, and as the day went on and the light changed, he would put down one and take up another.
He rented a room from which he could see Rouen Cathedral so that he could paint it from the window at different times of day.
Monet also did a series of Haystack paintings, showing them standing in the field from different angles and in all sorts of weather, bright sunshine, morning frost and snow.
Paintings that are done outdoors are called plein air paintings.
The Impressionist painters often used to go out together on painting trips, so there are many pictures that can be compared.
Space Shuttle Challenger (OV-099) was the second space shuttle used by NASA to fly into outer space.
The shuttle broke up 73 seconds after take-off from Cape Canaveral on 28 January 1986.
He also made prints to be used as cards, wallpaper, coats of arms, designs for other artists and designs for stained or painted glass.
He also painted a table top (now in the Louvre ) for Cardinal Albrecht, Archbishop of Mainz.
In 1871 the fort got an extra barracks.
The barracks were made from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the rock on the headland.
This addition was the work of James Barnet, a colonial architect.
This most recent add-on had three gun pits and had connecting walkways for the people in the army that worked there.
The upgrade of 1871 was complementary to some of the larger fortifications being constructed during the same period.
An affiliate of the Institute for the Study of Genocide, the International Association of Genocide Scholars was founded in 1994 by Israel Charny and other historians.
Ludwigslust is a former district in the southwest of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
Mecklenburg-Strelitz is a former district in the southern part of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.
The district-free city (urban district) of Neubrandenburg is nearly completely surrounded by Mecklenburg-Strelitz district.
The district was created on 12 June 1994 by joining the old districts of Pasewalk, Ueckermünde and part of the district Strasburg.
By the 21st century, many churches of all denominations began to have contemporary services in which the new music was performed by a praise band using drums and guitars.
Often the same church would have a traditional service at a different time in which the older hymns were sung.
Sir Michael Andrew Bridge Morpurgo (born 5 October 1943) is a British writer.
Michael Morpurgo grew up in London during a war there.
He was a teacher, but the book Poetry in the Making by Ted Hughes, made him decide to write instead of teaching.
He is the author of over one hundred books, mostly for children, many of which have given many prizes and awards.
The modern district was made in 1975 by joining the old districts of Aachen and Monschau, and some parts of the districts of Düren, Jülich and Schleiden as well as the Selfkant district.
Dornach is a municipality in the district Dorneck in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.
Hochsauerland is a Landkreis (rural district, or county) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The ISO has also issued codes for some areas with Welsh names and codes.
The district is led by a Landrat.
The headquarters of the government of the county are in Lüdenscheid, but there are county halls with parts of the administration in Iserlohn and Altena, too.
The police headquarters of the county are in Iserlohn.
Paderborn () is a Kreis (district) in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The Unna () district is a Kreis (district) in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Viersen is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
The first episode was a 60-minute special, and served as a basic introduction to the series.
The first series featured five stories.
Each story was made up of two episodes.
The third series featured six stories.
As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes.
The fourth series featured six stories.
As with previous series, each story was made up of two episodes.
The final episode of this series was the last to air before Elisabeth Sladen's death on the 19th of April, 2011.
The district Saarbrücken was originally created in 1816.
The district is located in the Saar-Hunsrück natural area, a hilly area with elevations between 200 and 600 meters.
This height is measured from the level of the lowest, significant, open-air, pedestrian entrance to the highest occupied floor within the building.
Mieszko Mieszkowic, Świętosława, the queen of the Vikings and the Grandfather of Cnut the Great, the king of the Vikings, Mieszko Mieszkowic, Lambert Mieszkowic and Vladivoj - the Duke of Bohemia.
Mieszko was a great politician, an example of his politician and strategist genius was the fact that he adopted Christianity from the Bishop from Bohemia, which was a German fiefdom, and he stopped most of the attacks of Vielets, Bohemians and Germans.
He was also a big friend of the Holy Roman Empire's Emperor.
He conquered almost all of the terrain of today's Poland and he united all of the Polish tribes in one country, with the capital in Gniezno.
The Daylights are an alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California that formed in 2004.
The trio is fronted by brothers Ran Jackson and Ricky Jackson, with Svend Lerche on Drums.
Best known for their song, I Hope This Gets To You that was released in December, 2010 as a virtual “love letter on YouTube, it was based on a concept they conceived with their roommate for his long distance girlfriend.
Within the first 72 hours, the video was viewed over 1.5 million times & every major press outlet had something to say about the phenomenon.
Their self titled album The Daylights, which was recorded in London and produced by critically acclaimed producer, Youth (Paul McCartney, The Futureheads) was released September 14, 2010 on the band's own label, 87th Floor Records.
The album spent 5 weeks on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart.
Rogue Machine and I Hope This Gets To You both reached Top 50 at Hot AC radio, and The Daylights were the only unsigned band in the Top 100.
I Hope This Gets To You went to #4 on Sirius XM.
Los Angeles County has a large Latino population.
73% of the Latino population in Los Angeles County is of Mexican heritage, according to 2020 Census estimates.
Another 9.6% were of Salvadoran heritage, 6.0% Guatemalan, 3.1% South American, and Honduran 1.3%.
The remainder were of Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican, other Central American, or other Hispanic/Latino origin in Los Angeles County.
Leonard Bernstein was Music Director for 11 seasons.
Many new things happened during this time.
Two television series were started on CBS: the Young People's Concerts and Leonard Bernstein and the New York Philharmonic.
The first of these started in 1958.
It was a new idea and it won every award for educational television.
Bernstein continued the orchestra's recordings with Columbia Records until he retired as music director in 1969.
He got lots of composers, especially American composers such as Aaron Copland, to write new works for the orchestra.
In the battle, the French knights, protected by chain mail reinforced with metal plate, were nearly exhausted by charging several miles into the battle (against their king's wishes).
Their horses had to walk through deep mud and charge up a hill into English and Welsh arrow storm.
They were cut down.
Many French nobles died.
Bae Young Joon is an actor from Seoul.
He became popular in Japan on the hit Korean drama, A Winter Tale.
He was born on August 29, 1972.
Mendelian inheritance is a set of rules about genetic inheritance.
His scholarly work on internal Cuban politics, notably on the 1996 purge of Havana's Centre for American Studies (CEA) (contained in the book El Caso CEA published in 1998), has been the object of academic reviews, as it exposed the internal conflicts between Cuba's political apparatus and the country's intelligentsia (most intelligent people), previously unknown.
by exposing for the first time the internal conflicts between Cuba's apparatus and its intelligentsia.
Giuliano's writings have also included lighter topics.
During his time in Kabul, for example, he wrote restaurant reviews for a local English-language magazine.
and in 2005 worked in Afghanistan for the United Nations Development Programme.
and Cameroon following the refugee crisis caused by the battle of N'Djamena of February 2008.
On 20 February 2004 he visited Suriname, thereby completing his visit to all sovereign nations of the world.
He held a press conference there on 24 February, where he stated that he had chosen Suriname to complete his record, as the country had always fascinated him due to its richness and variety in cultures and ethnicities.
Between 1992 and 2003, the Ukrainian national anthem was only an instrumental anthem and did not contain official lyrics; although, lyrics had been proposed for it.
This was done in a similar manner to Marcha Real, the national anthem of Spain, which currently has no official lyrics.
The most common way to reduce the carbon footprint of humans is to Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, Refuse.
Another easy option is to drive less.
By walking or biking to the destination rather than driving, not only is a person going to save money on gas, but they will be burning less fuel and releasing fewer emissions into the atmosphere.
However, if walking is not an option, one can look into carpooling to use public transportation options in their area.
Napoleon Bonaparte sold the land because he needed money for the Great French War.
The British had re-entered the war and France was losing the Haitian Revolution and could not defend Louisiana.
Thomas Jefferson took the French offer as an opportunity to make America larger, even if it meant going against his Republican principles of small government (some would say he exceeded his constitutional power by accepting the deal on his own).
Salamandastron is a fantasy book, written by Brian Jacques in 1992.
It is the fifth book in the Redwall series, and has been translated into four different languages.
Before the Nobel Prize only a few of his novels had appeared in the West.
The transition from pidgin to Creole occurs when pidgin languages become more stable, acquiring native speakers who use them as their primary means of communication.
As these pidgins are passed down through generations, they undergo a process of creolization, wherein they develop more complex grammatical structures, expanded vocabulary, and clearer phonological features.
Creole languages emerge as fully developed languages with native speakers who use them in various social contexts beyond their original pidgin functions.
This process of creolization often occurs over generations as children learn the pidgin as their first language and contribute to its development through regular use and natural language evolution.
The octal numeral system uses a three-bit binary coding.
Each digit in an octal numeral is the same as three digits in a binary numeral.
The grouping of the binary digits is done from right to left.
The first three binary digits from the right are grouped into the last part of the octal numeral, then the next three digits form the next to the last part of the numeral.
In the decimal system (base 10), each digit in octal is equal to that digit multiplied by the exponent of 8 that is equal to its location minus one.
Gentianales are an order of flowering plants.
Finntroll was founded in 1997, by Teemus Raimoranta.
One year later they recorded their first demo, Rivfader.
After the demo Samu Ruotsalainen (drums),Samuli Ponsimaa (guitar), Henri Sorvali (keyboard) and Sami Uusitalo joined the band.
The record company Spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album Midnattens Widunder was recorded.
John Clayton Mayer (surname pronunciation: ) (born October 16, 1977) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter.
From Connecticut, he went to the Berklee College of Music, before moving to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1998.
His first two albums, Room for Squares and Heavier Things, were successful and were made multi-platinum by the RIAA.
In 2003, he won a Grammy Award for his song Your Body Is a Wonderland.
In 2005 he started a band called The John Mayer Trio with bassist Pino Palladino and drummer Steve Jordan.
In 2006, he released his most successful album, Continuum.
In 2008 a live cover he did of Michael Jackson's Beat It with Fall Out Boy was released.
In many other countries there are similar highly trained army corps which guard the head of state and have ceremonial duties as well as operational military roles.
Regiments of this sort can be found in Australia, Brunei, Belgium, Canada, Denmark and many other countries.
But when speaking in English of the Household Cavalry, the term generally refers to the British Household Cavalry.
The symbol of this is the diode symbol, with an ‘S’ at the peak.
Instead of both sides being a semiconductor (like silicon), one side is metal, like aluminum or nickel.
This reduces the cut-in voltage to about 0.3 volt.
This is about half of the threshold voltage of a usual diode.
In the symbol of the tunnel diode there is a kind of additional square bracket at the end of the usual symbol.
A tunnel diode consists of a highly doped pn-junction.
Because of this high doping, there is only a very narrow gap where the electrons are able to pass through.
This tunnel-effect appears in both directions.
After a certain quantity of electrons have passed, the current through the gap decreases, until the normal current through the diode at the threshold voltage begins.
This causes an area of a negative resistance.
A pillbox is a small building made of concrete that also has small windows that people can shoot guns out of.
The name came from the fact that they look like the boxes that pills came in.
Mark the Evangelist (מרקוס, ) was one of the followers of Jesus Christ.
He is believed to be the writer of the Gospel of Mark.
He is believed by some scholars to be the young man found in chapter 14, verses 51-52 of the gospel.
The Copts think Mark brought Christianity to Egypt.
It was his house where Jesus and his disciples ate the last supper.
At the moment she plays on a Guadagnini (See link below) made in 1750 which she bought in summer 2004.
People will believe a lie either because they want to believe it's true or because they are afraid it might be true.
The valley of the river Yaque del Sur is an important farming centre in the southwest because people here uses the water of the river to grow different crops, mainly plantain and sugar cane.
The Rincón lake is in this valley; fishing is an important activity in this lake.
Large regions of ionised hydrogen gas are produced by star-forming regions.
Nebulae are often star-forming regions, such as in the Orion complex.
In these regions gravitation pulls together gas and dust.
Material clumps together to form larger masses, which attract further matter.
Eventually this become massive enough to form stars.
The material left over may form planets and other planetary system objects.
Ernst Heinrich Philipp August Haeckel (16 February 1834 – 9 August 1919) was an influential German zoologist, naturalist, and artist.
He was also a philosopher and physician, but in those fields he is not regarded as particularly notable.
He was an atheist.
He left the Lutheran church in 1910.
He is regarded as a pioneer of eugenics and Nazi eugenics in Germany.
People often confuse exiling an individual from his/her home country as a migration to a political asylum but that is not as it seems, migrating with one's own will due to personal reasons can be a political migration but not under the sentence of Government.
Lahn-Dill is a Kreis (district) in the west of Hesse, Germany.
From its foundation, the abbey Fulda and its territory was subject only to the German emperor, not to the control of the local lords.
Fulda was made a bishopric in 1752 and the prince-abbots were given the additional title of prince-bishop.
The prince-abbots (and later prince-bishops) ruled Fulda and the surrounding region until the bishopric was forcibly dissolved by Napoleon in 1802.
The USGS operates the streamgaging network for the United States, with over 7400 streamgages.
Real-time streamflow data are available online.
For example, a class could be a car, which could have a color field, four tire fields, and a drive method.
Here is an example realized with Java.
Please notice that all unnecessary aspects are left out.
The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St.
Andrew, the brother of St.
Peter.
No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious.
Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St.
Helena who found the cross, St.
Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St.
Andrew.
Even though the design is Bernini's, the statues, which are all 5 metres high, were made by four different sculptors.
Only St.
Longinus is the work of Bernini.
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years.
It is called the Cattedra Petri or throne of St.
Peter.
The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called Doctors of the Church because they were all great writers and teachers.
The statues are made of bronze.
They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church.
Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster.
The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels.
Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven.
There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.
Xenophilius Lovegood is a fictional character of the Harry Potter series.
He is the father of Luna Lovegood (friend of Harry Potter), and the editor of The Quibbler, a magazine in which he writes the things that just he believes, such as Nargles and Crumple-Horned Snorkack.
However, during the Second Wizarding War, his magazine published reliable news, to the point that most people switched to it for news.
Only when his daughter was kidnapped that the Quibbler started to turn against Harry Potter.
Lovegood was played by Rhys Ifans in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
Joinville is also the third largest industrial center in southern Brazil.
The region produces more than 30% of the total GDP of the state of Santa Catarina.
The largest corporations with headquarters in the city are Amanco, Busscar, Ciser, Datasul, Docol, Döhler, Embraco, Tupy, Lepper, Tigre, Wetzel, Whirlpool, Viqua, Schulz, and Universal Leaf Tobacco.
Joinville is known as the city of the Princes, flowers, dance and bicycles.
The Joinville Dance Festival is a major event in the month of July - it is recognized as the world's largest dance festival (listed in the Guinness Book of Records).
A subsidiary of the School of Ballet of the Bolshoi Theatre, the only one outside Russia, is highlighted in the training of dancers.
The most famous artist who was alive at this time was Michelangelo.
He was mainly a sculptor but he had spent five years painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
Like everybody else, Marten van Heemskerck thought it was amazing.
He was so influenced by the figures that Michelangelo had painted that he designed a series of pictures called Twelve Panels showing Strong Men from Mythology and Biblical History.
Like the series of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World they are well known as prints made from engravings (they are printed from a metal plate with the design cut into it).
Berlin legend says that Herta Heuwer, from Königsberg, invented the currywurst sauce by experimenting at her stall in Berlin-Charlottenburg in 1949.
Rescue workers at the site started to find remains of bodies from the victims of Flight 11 soon after the attack.
Some workers found bodies strapped to airplane seats.
Reports that the body of a flight attendant with her hands tied up was released in the days after the attacks, meaning that the hijackers may have used handcuffs.
However, little evidence has been provided after the events to confirm whether this is in fact true or not.
Within a year, remains of the 33 victims that had been on Flight 11 had been identified.
They identified two other Flight 11 victims, lead flight attendant Karen Martin and another person, after body remains were discovered near Ground Zero in 2006.
In April 2007, examiners using newer DNA technology identified another Flight 11 victim.
The remains of two hijackers, who could have been from Flight 11, were also identified and removed from Memorial Park in Manhattan.
The remains of the other hijackers have not been identified and are buried with other unidentified remains at Memorial Park.
After playing some small gigs throughout England, the band came out with their first album, named Led Zeppelin I.
John Bonham's talents can be heard on such songs as Good Times, Bad Times, featuring his single bass drum skip throughout the song.
Soon after this, the band left for a tour of America, on Boxing Day (26 December 1969).
After a rather successful tour, Zeppelin came out with their second album, naming it Led Zeppelin II.
This album included the song Moby Dick, which had a famous drum solo by Bonham.
Throughout the solo, Bonham showed off his talents by playing hand drums while continuing to use his right foot.
Hijra (هِجْرَة), or withdrawal, is the word that is used for the movement of Muhammad and most of his followers from Mecca to Medina in 622.
The Hijra marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar.
Alternate spellings of this Arabic word in the Latin alphabet are Hijrah, or Hegira in Latin.
Wake County has three state parks: Falls Lake State Recreation Area, William B.
Umstead State Park, and the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area.
Falls Lake Park is in northern Wake County and contains the 12,000 acre Falls Lake and 26,000 acres of woods.
Umstead Park is between Raleigh and Cary.
It has 5,579 acres of woods.
Part of Jordan Lake Park, is in Wake County near Apex, and it has the 13,940 acre Jordan Lake and 46,768 acres of woods.
This park has bald eagles.
In his experiment of the sun light he extended his observation of the penetration of light through the pinhole to conclude that when the sun light reaches and penetrates the hole it makes a conic shape at the points meeting at the pinhole, forming later another conic shape reverse to the first one on the opposite wall in the dark room.
This happens when sun light diverges from point “ﺍ until it reaches an aperture “ﺏﺤ and is projected through it onto a screen at the luminous spot “ﺩﻫ.
Since the distance between the aperture and the screen is insignificant in comparison to the distance between the aperture and the sun, the divergence of sunlight after going through the aperture should be insignificant.
In other words, “ﺏﺤ should be about equal to “ﺩﻫ.
However, it is observed to be much greater “ﻙﻁ when the paths of the rays which form the extremities of “ﻙﻁ are retraced in the reverse direction, it is found that they meet at a point outside the aperture and then diverge again toward the sun as illustrated in figure 1.
This was indeed the first accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon.
On June 25, 2007, Raw was scheduled in Corpus Christi, Texas to be a three-hour special memorial show for the (kayfabe) death of the Mr.
McMahon character after he had been presumed dead in a limo explosion.
The event was canceled due to the real death of Chris Benoit and his family earlier that day, with a three-hour Chris Benoit memorial show being shown instead.
This was the first time that Raw had been shown with no viewers and had Vince McMahon breaking kayfabe to address the viewers at home.
The show had extracts from the DVD , showing some of Benoit's most memorable matches, along with comments from some of Benoit's colleagues.
However, when the facts of Benoit's death came to light, WWE pulled this episode from international markets which aired Raw on a tape delay basis.
Several channels announced the episode was being withheld for legal reasons.
A substitute Raw, hosted by Todd Grisham from WWE Studios, was created featuring recaps of big-time championship changes of the past year.
The episode started with a message from Vince McMahon which originally aired on the edition of June 26 of ECW.
While shopping at a mall, she was invited by a model scout to a casting for GNTM.
Out of 16,421 girls in the casting, she was chosen among 14 other girls to be on the TV show.
The communist victory at the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949 led to the creation of the People's Republic of China, so the university's President Mei Yi Qi and some professors went to Taiwan where they established the National Tsing Hua Institute of Nuclear Technology in 1955, which later became National Tsing Hua University.
The protagonist of the poem is Beowulf.
In the poem, Beowulf fights three monsters: Grendel and Grendel's mother, and later in his life an unnamed dragon.
The GDL has a membership of 34,000.
Most members live in the old East Germany.
An analysis of the electron data indicates that this obstacle is most likely in the form of a low optical depth disk of material near Rhea’s equatorial plane and that the disk contains solid bodies up to ~1 m in size.
Geneva was first written about as a border town, set up to protect the Roman Empire against the Helvetii.
The Romans took the city in 120 B.C.
In A.D.
443 it was taken by Burgundy, and with the latter fell to the Franks in 534.
In 888 the town was part of the new Kingdom of Burgundy, and with it was taken over in 1033 by the German Emperor.
In 1387 Bishop Adhémar Fabry granted the town its great charter, the basis of its communal self-government, which every bishop on his accession was expected to confirm.
The last Count of Geneva died in 1394, and the House of Savoy took over their land.
In 1416 the counts became dukes, and kept trying to bring the city of Geneva under their control, often by making members of their own family to Bishops of Geneva.
The city protected itself by joining the Swiss Federation (Eidgenossenschaft), uniting itself in 1426 with Berne and Fribourg.
The altitude of Geneva is 373.6 m.
This is the altitude of the largest of the Pierres du Niton, two large rocks in the lake that are used as a reference point for surveying in Switzerland.
Geneva has a temperate oceanic climate (Cfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Winters are cool and generally a little cloudy.
During the winter, it is possible to have several days without thawing, and a day or two with severe freezes where the thermometer displays -10 °C.
There are several days each month when, if anticyclonic conditions are stable, the clouds may stay for several days.
From March, with temperatures rising it feels like summer in late May.
However, the rain intensifies and often has a stormy character during the month of May.
These may be short but strong storms depositing several centimetres of rain within just a few minutes.
Summers are often hot and rather humid, although some may be more changeable, the mornings remain relatively fresh.
During the summer season, the rains are less frequent but more intense.
This is the season where you most likely get thunderstorms with hail.
If the weather in early September is still hot, it cools down quickly to become really cold in November.
The morning frosts are then reappearing.
Autumn is also the season of mists, and the month of October is often the month with the most fog in the year.
The fog can be very intense, restricting vision to less than 100 m in the areas outside the city.
The city's main newspaper is the Tribune de Genève, a daily newspaper founded on 1 February 1879 by James T.
Bates, with a readership of about 187,000.
Taxis in Geneva can be difficult to find, and may need to be booked in advance especially in the early morning or at peak hours.
In addition, which may be surprising in a modern country like Switzerland, taxis often refuse to take babies and children.
Historically, the family of a girl were in favour of a concubinage with a mighty man, as it brought economic security.
But concubinage could also mean sexual slavery.
Charlie Swan is Isabella's father and he is the ex-husband of Bella's mother, Renee.
He is the Chief of Police in Forks were he has resided alone since Bella was an infant.
His hobbies include fishing and watching football games on television.
Charlie is a very reserved person and does not hover over his daughter, Bella.
He is good friends with Billy Black, Jacob`s father.
A child's tricycle is best known, but adult tricycles are becoming more common.
The adult trikes will have a chain, gears and are recumbent (the feet are in front of the body).
They come in two main styles: tadpole with two wheels up front and one in back and delta with two wheels in the back and one wheel in the front.
Almost always the front wheel or wheels steer the bike, and power goes to the back wheel or wheels.
Some trikes are fully faired (covered in a shell to cut wind resistance).
These are called velomobiles.
Uluru, also called Ayers Rock, is a name given to a huge rock near Alice Springs in the Australian Outback and located in Uluṟu-Kata Tjuṯa National Park.
This is a holy place for some Aboriginal Australians.
It is in the Western Desert, in the middle of Australia.
It was listed as a World Heritage site in 1987 because of its geology.
In 1997 it was again listed as a World Heritage site, this time because of its importance to the Anangu people.
It was the second place in the world to be listed as culturally significant, and it is one of the few places in the world to have two listings.
All sea snakes have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies – they look somewhat like eels.
However, unlike fish, they do not have gills and must come to the surface regularly to breathe.
Nevertheless, they are among the most completely aquatic of all air-breathing vertebrates.
Among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes.
Some have gentle dispositions and bite only when provoked, while others are much more aggressive.
The English word is recorded only since 1530, derived from Middle Latin archidux, from arch(i)- (primary or chief) + dux 'duke' .
The Device Controller receives the data from a connected device and stores it temporarily in some special purpose registers (i.e.
local buffer) inside the controller.
Then it communicates the data with a Device Driver.
For each device controller there is an equivalent device driver which is the standard interface through which the device controller communicates with the Operating Systems through Interrupts.
Device controller is a hardware whereas device driver is a software.
Stone tools are tools made of stone.
They are the reason the stone age was given its name.
They were the first known tools used by mankind, and were used by all human species, such as Homo habilis and Homo erectus.
Recently it was learned that stone tools were used before the genus Homo evolved.
These oldest tools come from the shores of Lake Turkana in Kenya, and date to 3.3 million years ago.
She has published ten anthologies of short stories.
Guerrero’s first break came in late 1994 when the owner of Extreme Championship Wrestling, Paul Heyman, noticed him and Art Barr.
Barr died before he could join ECW with Guerrero.
In honor of his fallen friend, Guerrero did his finishing move, the Frog Splash.
During the summer of 2003 Guerrero had begun driving a lowrider to ringside.
Guerrero would also capitalize on his Lie, Cheat, and Steal anti-hero image by using illegal tactics behind the referee's back to win matches.
This caused his increase popularity to rise.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is divided into 26 districts.
There are 21 Settled Area Districts and 5 Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA) Districts.
The administration of the PATA districts is the responsibility the President of Pakistan and the Governor of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
The province has an area of 28,773 mi² or (74,521 km²) — comparable in size to New England in North America.
Abbottabad district is divided into four tehsils, Abbottabad, Lower Tanawal, Havelian and Lora Hazara as well as one urban administration area - Nawanshehr.
Tehsil Takhte Nasrati is also known for resources like uranium founds in zarki nasrati.
Lower Dir is divided into seven Tehsils which contain a total of 41 union councils.
This district is represented by one elected MNA (Member of National Assembly) in Pakistan National Assembly.
Its constituency is NA-32.
Mansehra is a city in Pakistan.
It is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and is the capital of Mansehra District.
All regularly released albums and their chart positions in the Sweden Top 60 (SWE).
People of Jhelum District speak Punjabi.
The written language is Urdu.
Many also speak Pothwari.
Union Councils are the fifth level (the lowest level) of government in Pakistan.
Union Councils are often known as Village Councils in rural areas, esp.
in KP during the PTI Government provincial reforms.
Westron (Westron: Adûni, Sindarin: Annúnaid), or the Common Speech (Westron: Sôval Phârë), is a language of Middle-earth.
It comes from Adûnaic and the natives languages of Middle-earth.
In the Third Age, Westron is used as the common language, spoken by most peoples.
At No Way Out, The Big Show made a surprise return to the company.
In his return promo, Big Show threatened to give Rey Mysterio a Chokeslam.
Professional boxer Floyd Mayweather, Jr., who was in attendance and a close friend of Mysterio's, came to his aid and confronted Big Show.
Big Show then got on his knees to allow Mayweather to punch him, which Mayweather did, by hitting him with many different punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth.
The next night on Raw, the Big Show challenged Mayweather to a match, which Mayweather accepted.
The next match which was billed as a Battle for Brand Supremacy, was between SmackDown's Batista and Raw's Umaga.
Early in the match, both Batista and Umaga exchanged blows and Batista threw Umaga outside with a shoulder block.
Umaga later delivered a high-impact kick to Batista, which caused him to fall back-first outside the ring from the ring-apron.
Hence, Umaga started targeting Batista's injured back.
But in the end, when Umaga tried to go for a Samoan Spike, Batista countered the attempt and delivered a spinebuster to Umaga.
Batista won the match by pinning Umaga after hitting him with his Batista Bomb.
The fourth match for the event featured Chavo Guerrero defending his ECW Championship against Kane.
Kane surprised Chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage.
In the second shortest match in WrestleMania history, Kane instantly pinned Chavo after a Chokeslam and won the ECW Championship in eight seconds.
Meditation and yoga have always been popular activities for the Christianites, and for many years Christiania had their own internationally acclaimed theater group Solvognen, who, beyond their theater performances, also staged many happenings in Copenhagen and even throughout Sweden.
Ludvigsen had always talked about drugs, hard drugs (now are illegal in Christiania) and soft drugs.
The problem of drugs made Christiania really famous, and the most know part of the Freetown.
Lanthanides are metals that are related to each other in how they behave.
Most of them slowly turn into their hydroxides when they are placed into water, like the alkali metals.
They usually form a coating of oxide when placed in the air, like most metals.
Lanthanides, with Scandium and Yttrium, are called rare earth elements.
Demolition of Ungdomshuset began at 8:00 am on 5 March 2007.
The demolition was broadcast live by webcam on TV2 News' website.
After the demolition of Ungdomshuset many riots began near the area for many days.
Many cars were smashed and burned against the police.
The main task in designing a PCB is figuring out where all the components are going to go.
Normally there is a design or schematic that will be turned into a PCB.
There is no such thing as a standard printed circuit board.
Each board is designed for its own use and must be the right size to fit the required space.
Board designers use computer-aided design software to layout the circuit designs on the board.
The spaces between electrical paths can be 0.04 inches (1.0 mm) or smaller.
The location of the holes for component leads or contact points are also laid out.
Once the circuit pattern is laid out, a negative image is printed out at exact size on a clear plastic sheet.
With a negative image, the areas that are not part of the circuit pattern are shown in black and the circuit pattern is shown as clear.
The metal is then removed from the clear areas, usually with chemicals.
This design is made into instructions for a computer-controlled drilling machine or for the automatic solder paste used in the manufacturing process.
Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is a 2006 British-American mockumentary (comedy movie) by English comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.
The main character, Borat, is a rude, stupid reporter who interviews famous people and ordinary people.
The movie was very popular, but also seen as wrong and offensive by some people.
This is because it was seen as anti-semitic (against Jews) and racist (against black people).
Sacha Baron Cohen says this is wrong and he is Jewish himself.
Chairman Muhammad Jamil Abbasi.
Hurwicz received a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1945–1946.
In 1946 he became a professor of economics at Iowa State College.
From January 1942 until June 1946, he was a researcher for the Cowles Commission.
He worked full-time for the Cowles Commission until October 1950 until January 1951, he was a visiting professor, teaching at classes that were taught before by Professor Koopman in the Department of Economics, and he was a very important professor there.
He was also a research professor of economics and statistics at the University of Illinois, a consultant to the RAND Corporation for the University of Chicago and a consultant to the U.S.
government.
Hurwicz continued to be a consultant to the Cowles Commission until about 1961.
Hurwicz was given a job by Walter Heller at the University of Minnesota in 1951, where he became a professor of economics and mathematics in the School of Business Administration.
Most of his work for the rest of his life was in Minnesota, but he studied and was a teacher elsewhere in the United States and Asia.
In 1955 and again in 1958 Hurwicz was a visiting professor, and a fellow on the second visit, at Stanford University and there in 1959 he published Optimality and Informational Efficiency in Resource Allocation Processes on making rules for buyers and sellers and governments share wealth.
He taught at Bangalore University in 1965 and, during the 1980s, at Tokyo University, People's University (now Renmin University of China) and the University of Indonesia.
In the United States he was a visiting professor at Harvard in 1969, at the University of California, Berkeley in 1976, at Northwestern University twice in 1988 and 1989, at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1998, the California Institute of Technology in 1999 and the University of Michigan in 2002.
He was a visiting Distinguished Professor at the University of Illinois in 2001.
VPNs can also be used to connect corporate offices to the larger branch offices, also known as site-to-site VPN.
This is because direct network connections are impractical between offices that are physically distant.
and you make chains.
SpongeBob's best friend is his neighbor Patrick Star.
SpongeBob lives in a pineapple that is used as a house.
He has a snail as a pet named Gary.
Because SpongeBob is very happy, he thinks that everyone else around him is too.
For example, he likes to be with Squidward, who does not like SpongeBob.
SpongeBob wants to get a driver's license at Mrs.
Puff's school for driving.
However, he has failed every driving test.
Communism became less attractive when it became clear that it could promote economic growth less effectively than the capitalistic Western states and that it was not suited for a reform that allowed freedom of speech for everyone.
Therefore, the Soviet Union forced Hungary to give up its reform in 1956, it favoured the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961 and it stopped reform in Czechoslovakia in 1968.
When in 1988/89 the Soviet leader Gorbachev made clear that he would not force the countries of the East block to stick to Communism the Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989 and the Soviet Union collapsed (1991).
Then the United States was the only superpower left.
They have got 15 different buses for the city.
9 of them have got a normal engine, 4 have got an engine that works with gas, and 2 buses have got an electric engine, they are called Trolleybus.
Also they have got 13 different kinds of coachbuses.
The Gospel of John is a book of the Bible.
It is one of the four gospels at the beginning of the New Testament.
The four gospels tell the life of Jesus.
The Gospel of John is the fourth book of the New Testament, after the gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
The history of C-rock before the 1980s is very unclear though it is believed to have existed in the 1970s or even the 1960s.
literary magazines Znamya (Moscow), Novy Mir (Moscow), Arion (Moscow), Ogonyok (Moscow), Grani (Frankfurt-am-Main), Dvadtsat dva (Jerusalem), Kreshchatik (Kiev), anthologies Verses of the Century (Moscow, compiled by Yevgeny Yevtushenko) and Verses of the Century-2 (Moscow).
Leighton Baines (born 11 December 1984) is a retired English footballer.
He was known for his time at Everton and the England national football team.
Before the event went live on pay-per-view, a dark match between Hardcore Holly and Cody Rhodes took place, which Holly won after executing an Alabama Slam.
SmackDown!'s main event saw Batista defend the World Heavyweight Championship against The Great Khali in a Punjabi Prison match.
While locked in the inner cage, neither competitor was able to escape through one of the four trap doors.
Khali was able to escape the inner cage first.
However, while climbing the outer cage, Batista, who had by this time reached the top of the inner cage, jumped to the outer cage to pull even with Khali.
In a head-to-head race, Batista was able to reach the floor first, winning the match, and keeping his championship.
Maroon Berets are all recruited from high rank Army officers who volunteer to join.
Each recruit must have at least served 3 years as an Army soldier and must have certain amount of time received by Army operations either from exercises or actual clashes.
They must undergo A) Domestic training witch takes 72 weeks B) International training takes 10 to 52 weeks depending on the rank of the volunteering officer.
and C) specialty.
After graduating from Special Operations Training commandos are tested before officially becoming an MB officer.
They are expected to survive in all environmental conditions for at least 2 weeks, so they are left as an entire team in different environments each on with no equipment or help for 2 weeks as a part of the final testing stage.
If they survive they become MB commandos.
They are also tested by a number of other near impossible tests which can be anything from performing the Trust shot to a few questions on subjects they learned in training.
On the last month of training Maroon Berets receive interrogation and torture training.
The last month of training is called hell month, similar to the United States Navy Seals hell week training.
In dimensional analysis, a dimensionless quantity (or more precisely, a quantity with the dimensions of 1) is a quantity without any physical units and thus a pure number.
Such a number is typically defined as a product or ratio of quantities which do have units, in such a way that all the units cancel out.
One way to calculate a discrete cosine transform is to use the Fourier transformation.
A lot of IPCC work is publishing reports about the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), an international agreement that human inventions and chemistry may make the Earth too hot to live on.
The UNFCCC was the beginning of the Kyoto Protocol.
Members of the IPCC read, write, and calculate as much as they can.
Only member states of the WMO and UNEP may be members of IPCC.
The Summary for Policymakers for the Working Group 2 (IPCC wg2 ) report was published on April 6, 2007.
The Soviets were always being attacked by the Luftwaffe.
On 18 September, the Soviet 1st Guards and 24th Army attacked VIII Army Corps .
VIII.
Fliegerkorps sent Stuka dive-bombers to prevent the Soviets from advancing.
The Soviet attack was stopped.
The Stukas destroyed 41 of the 106 Soviet tanks that were destroyed that morning.
German Bf 109s destroyed 77 Soviet aircraft.
On 18 February, Minister of Propaganda Joseph Goebbels gave the Sportpalast speech in Berlin, encouraging the Germans to accept a total war.
In all, the battle resulted in an estimated total of 1.7-2 million Axis and Soviet casualties, making it possibly the bloodiest battle in all of human history.
Osroene (also spelled Osrohene, Osrhoene, from the Greek ; '), also known by the name of its capital city, Edessa (modern Şanlıurfa, Turkey), was a historic kingdom located on the present-day border of Syria and Turkey.
The kingdom was Assyrian and enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 BCE to 244 AD.
No-one knows when oil paint was first used.
Caves in Afghanistan are decorated with ancient paintings in paint mixed with oils.
The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the Pillars of Ashoka, as well as on large stones and cave walls, made by the Emperor Ashoka of the Mauryan dynasty during his reign from 272 to 231 BCE.
The edicts describe in detail the first wide expansion of Buddhism.
According to the edicts, the extent of Buddhist proselytism during this period reached as far as the Mediterranean, and many Buddhist monuments were created.
animals that had to be killed for human consumption or sacrificing, protected some of them, and in general criticized violent acts against animals, such as castration.
On October 26, 2012, WWE SmackDown began using Born 2 Run by 7Lions as its theme song.
before this, SmackDown used Know Your Enemy by Green Day.
Hangman by Rev Theory was used as the secondary theme song.
Poaching is now a major problem in the country.
The main cause for poaching in Russia is the consequence of the social and political changes since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
State-controlled farms stopped functioning due to the fall of the previous system resulting in high unemployment.
Unemployment, poverty, inflation, shortage of food and demand for foreign currency have major impact on the wildlife in the country.
Animals being poached are bear, musk deer, tiger etc.
Approximately 50,000 cases of poaching are registered annually in Russia.
Perth is named by some people as The Fair City, Its status in the United Kingdom was not a city a city until 2012.
Then, with Chelmsford (in Essex, England) and St Asaph (in north Wales), it was given city status to mark Queen Elizabeth II's 60 years on the throne.
Colchester United F.C.
are an English football team who play in Colchester, Essex.
They were started in 1937 and play games at their stadium which is called Colchester Community Stadium.
They currently play in the Football League One.
Mario must clean up lots of sludge and filth that is on the island.
F.L.U.D.D.
allows him to do this.
F.L.U.D.D.
can only hold a little bit of water and Mario must jump into a pool of water after the water runs out to refill it.
F.L.U.D.D.
can also do several other things.
If Mario aims the nozzles down, Mario can float for a few seconds until the water pressure runs out.
There are also areas where Mario takes F.L.U.D.D.
off and jumps around himself without assistance.
Hostilities between Great Britain and France recommenced on 18 May 1803.
The Coalition war-aims changed over the course of the conflict: a general desire to restore the French monarchy became closely linked to the struggle to stop Napoleon.
(7) When an army is raised for common defense, the state legislatures will choose Colonels and military ranks below Colonel.
Great Britain was not the only country to settle what would become the United States.
In the 1500s, Spain built a fort at Saint Augustine, Florida.
France settled Louisiana, and the area around the Great Lakes.
The Dutch settled New York, which they called New Netherland.
Other areas were settled by Scotch-Irish, Germans, and Swedes.
However, in time Britain controlled all of the colonies, and most American colonists adopted the British way of life.
The growth of the colonies was not good for Native Americans.
Many of them died of smallpox, a disease brought to America by the Europeans.
The ones who lived lost their lands to the colonists.
In 1781, the colonies formed a confederation of states under the Articles of Confederation, but it lasted only six years.
It gave almost all the power to the states and very little to the central government.
The confederation had no president.
It could not remove Native Americans or the British from the frontier, nor could it stop mob uprisings such as Shays' Rebellion.
After Shays' Rebellion, many people thought the Articles of Confederation were not working.
One of the problems of this period was slavery.
By 1861, over three million African-Americans were enslaved in the South.
This means that they worked for other people, but had no freedom and received no money for their work.
Most worked picking cotton on large plantations.
Cotton became the main crop in the South after Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin in 1793.
There were a few slave rebellions against slavery, including one led by Nat Turner.
All of these rebellions failed.
The South wanted to keep slavery, but by the time of the Civil War, many people in the North wanted to end it.
Another argument between the North and South was about the role of government.
The South wanted stronger state governments, but the North wanted a stronger central government.
In the early 19th century, the industrial revolution came to America.
Many factories were built in Northern cities such as Lowell, Massachusetts.
Most of them made clothes.
Many factory workers were women, and some were children or people from Ireland or Germany.
Despite this industrialization, America was still a nation of farmers.
In April 1865, Lincoln was shot and killed while watching a play.
The new president, Andrew Johnson, had to go through the process of reconstruction, which was putting the United States back together after the Civil War.
During this time, the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution were passed, freeing slaves, making them citizens and allowing them to vote.
Congress was run by Radical Republicans, who wanted to punish the South after the Civil War.
They did not like Johnson, and almost removed him from office.
They also sent many soldiers to the South, installed unpopular scalawag governments, and made the South pass the 14th and 15th Amendments.
The South did not like this, so they made Jim Crow laws that placed blacks in lower roles.
White Southern Democrats started a group called the Ku Klux Klan that attacked blacks and stopped them from voting.
Racism was strong in the 1920s.
The Ku Klux Klan was powerful once again, and attacked black people, Catholics, Jews and immigrants.
People blamed the war and problems in business on immigrants and labor leaders, whom they said were Bolsheviks (Russian communists).
Many people also thought that the United States had lost touch with religion.
They handled that by changing religion, and some of them by attacking science.
After World War II, the Soviet Union and the United States were the two most powerful countries left in the world.
The Cold War was a period of tension between the two countries over ways of life.
The two countries tried to get other countries on their side.
The Soviet Union tried to get countries to become Communist and the United States tried to stop them from being Communist.
American and Soviet soldiers never fought in battles, but they fought indirectly in the Korean War (1950s) and the Vietnam War (1950s–1970s).
Following Biden's election, the date for US troops to withdraw from Afghanistan was moved back from April to August 31, 2021.
In Afghanistan, the withdrawal coincided with the 2021 Taliban offensive, culminating in the fall of Kabul.
Following a massive airlift of over 120,000 people, the US military mission formally ended on August 30, 2021.
The First Generation (1951–1958).
The Second Generation (1959–1963).
The International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) is a six-question two-day math competition for students that have not yet gone to college and are under 20 years old.
Any country may take part in it by sending a team of six students to compete.
Nanotechnology includes making products that use parts this small, such as electronic devices, catalysts, sensors, etc.
To give you an idea of how small that is, there are more nanometres in an inch than there are inches in 400 miles.
Nano materials and particles can act as catalyst to increase the reaction rate along with that produce better yield as compared to other catalyst.
His birth name was either Mahesh Verma Shrivastava or Mahesh Prasad Varma.
His parents were Hindus from the Kayastha caste.
Cookstown is a small town in Northern Ireland which is in the United Kingdom.
10646 people live in the town.
The main street in Cookstown is the longest and widest in Ireland.
Coagh is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Stewartstown is a village in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
It is 5 miles from Cookstown and 7 miles from Dungannon.
Magherafelt is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
A constituent country is a type of country which serves as an administrative division.
Constituent countries usually form together to make a larger sovereign country (such as the United Kingdom, a sovereign territory made up of four countries).
Unlike federal countries, power between constituent countries may not be spread out evenly, with one of them usually holding the capital and government.
All the big political parties in Northern Ireland support the PSNI.
Earlier, the political party Sinn Féin, who have many supporters, did not support the police.
But after the St Andrews Agreement they decided to support them after a special Ard Fheis about the police on 28 January 2007.
In September 2005 the PSNI started the Historical Enquiries Team to help solve 3,269 murders that happened during the Troubles.
The Northern Ireland Policing Board make sure that the PSNI are fair and do a good job.
The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland investigates complaints about the police.
The current Police Ombudsman is Al Hutchinson.
The last Ombudsman was Nuala O'Loan.
She was the Ombudsman until November 2007.
The colour of the PSNI uniform is green.
The PSNI badge has Saint Patrick's saltire on it and six other symbols.
They are the scales of justice, the harp, the torch, the olive branch, the shamrock and a crown.
...Grameen has created a new class of women entrepreneurs who have raised themselves from poverty.
Moreover, it has improved the livelihoods of farmers and others who are provided access to critical market information and lifeline communications previously unattainable in some 28,000 villages of Bangladesh.
More than 55,000 phones are currently in operation, with more than 80 million people benefiting from access to market information, news from relatives, and more.
The number of borrowers had more than doubled since 2003, when the bank had only 3.12 million members.
In October 2007, the Bank had a staff of over 24,703 employees and 2,468 branches covering 80,257 villages.
There were 43,681 villages covered in the year 2003.
From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty.
Grameen Bank has been a source of ideas and models for the many institutions in the field of micro-credit that have sprung up around the world.
This is a list of Members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom who were voted to serve from 2004 to 2009.
Polygamy is a word that comes from late Greek.
It can be translated as many marriages.
It refers to any form of marriage where a person has more than one spouse.
There is also a concept called group marriage.
In group marriage, all the (adult) members of the group are responsible for all the children.
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix.
They grow on the northern hemisphere.
Unlike other conifers, larches lose their leaves during autumn and winter.
Larix decidua or Larix europaea European Larch.
Larix sibirica Siberian Larch.
Larix gmelinii Dahurian Larch.
Larix kaempferi or Larix leptolepis Japanese Larch.
Larix potaminii Chinese Larch.
Larix himalaica Langtang Larch.
Larix mastersiana Masters' Larch.
Larix speciosa Yunnan Larch.
Larix laricina Tamarack Larch or American Larch.
Larix lyallii Subalpine Larch.
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly.
It is used for boats as well as houses.
Larches are also used in herbal medicine and in bonsai.
Alpes-Maritimes had a population, in 2014, of 1,083,312, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Grasse, with 560,045 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The main reason to use a transformer is to make power of one voltage level into power of another voltage level.
High voltage is easier to send a long distance, but less voltage is easier and safer to use in the office or home.
Ballycastle is a small town in Northern Ireland, in the United Kingdom.
Ardèche had a population, in 2014, of 322,381, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Tournon-sur-Rhône, with 135,786 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
During the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971, Yunus and other people from Bangladesh living in the United States started a citizens committee and controlled the Bangladesh Information Center to find help for the war.
He published the Bangladesh Newsletter from his home in Nashville.
After the War, Yunus returned to Bangladesh and was given a job with the governments' Planning Commission which was controlled by Nurul Islam.
He thought the job was boring so he took a job at Chittagong University as Head of the Economics department.
He worked with poverty reduction after he saw the Bangladesh famine of 1974, and started a research project to help people who lived in the countryside.
In 1975, he started a Nabajug Tebhaga Khamar (new era three share farm) which the government called the Packaged Input Programme.
Yunus and his friends started the Gram Sarkar (the village government) programme to make the farm project better.
Muhammad Yunus has shown himself to be a leader who has managed to translate visions into practical action for the benefit of millions of people, not only in Bangladesh, but also in many other countries.
Loans to poor people without any financial security had appeared to be an impossible idea.
From modest beginnings three decades ago, Yunus has, first and foremost through Grameen Bank, developed micro-credit into an ever more important instrument in the struggle against poverty.
The Fibonacci numbers are a list of numbers.
A person can find the next number in the list by adding the last two numbers together.
If a person divides a number in the list by the number that came before it, this ratio comes closer and closer to the golden ratio.
For example, any curve in the Cartesian plane is a subset of the Cartesian product of real numbers, RxR.
In relational databases jargon, the relations are called tables.
In relational database theory, a database is a set of relations.
To model a real world, the relations should be in a canonical form called normalized form.
Saprissa was founded because of a group of players and leaders.
Ricardo Saprissa Aymá was a part of this group.
In 1952, the team won its first national championship.
A body part is called a jaw based on what it does, not what it is made of or how it grows.
In different animals, it can be made of different kinds of cells and tissue.
In the embryos of different animals, it may come from different original places.
Even within arthropods, the group that contains insects and lobsters and trilobites and spiders, the jaws of different animals may grow from different original tissues, even though they look similar in adult animals.
A pair of appendages that become jaws in one species may become antennae in a different species or legs in another.
Moray eels and some other fish have two sets of jaws.
The outer jaws in their faces grow from the same tissues as the jaws of other fish, and the inner jaws, called pharyngeal jaws, can come from the same tissue that becomes gills or muscles in other fish.
Solís was born in Zarcero on November 22nd, 1963.
He is graduated in Classical Guitar from the University of Costa Rica Conservatory.
He learned how to play the guitar with the Argentinean teachers Jorge Cardoso and Miguel A.
Girolet, a Spanish teacher Demetrio Ballesteros, Francisco Ortíz and Víctor Monge.
This public art event is about painting cows with some cultural messages.
It doesn’t need to be a professional sculpture.
You can find urban and crazy sculptures too.
This exhibition is taking place on the principal parks and boulevards of San José, Costa Rica.
Large-seeded legumes were part of the human diet long before the Neolithic agricultural revolution, as evident from archaeobotanical finds from the Mousterian layers of Kebara Cave, in Israel.<ref name=doi10.1016/j.jas.2004.11.006></ref> There is evidence suggesting that Paleolithic societies were gathering wild cereals for food use at least as early as 30,000 years ago.
However, seeds, such as grains and beans, were rarely eaten and never in large quantities on a daily basis.<ref name=doi:10.1080/11026480510032043></ref> Recent archeological evidence also indicates that winemaking may have originated in the Paleolithic, when early humans drank the juice of naturally fermented wild grapes from animal-skin pouches.
Paleolithic humans consumed animal organ meats, including the livers, kidneys and brains.
Upper Paleolithic cultures appear to have had significant knowledge about plants and herbs and may have, albeit very rarely, practiced rudimentary forms of horticulture.
In particular, bananas and tubers may have been cultivated as early as 25,000 BP in southeast Asia.
Late Upper Paleolithic societies also appear to have occasionally practiced pastoralism and animal husbandry, presumably for dietary reasons.
For instance, some European late Upper Paleolithic cultures domesticated and raised reindeer, presumably for their meat or milk, as early as 14,000 BP.
Humans also probably consumed hallucinogenic plants during the Paleolithic period.
The Australian Aborigines have been consuming a variety of native animal and plant foods, called bushfood, for an estimated 60,000 years, since the Middle Paleolithic.
Bolas (from Spanish bola, ball, also known as boleadoras) are a throwing weapon made of weights on the ends of interconnected cords, designed to capture animals by entangling their legs.
They are used by the gauchos in South America today, but have been found in excavations of pre-Hispanic settlements, especially in Patagonia, where indigenous peoples used them to catch guanaco and ñandu.
In the Paleolithic there were more than one human species, but only the modern human reached the Mesolithic and Neolithic.
Mario Kart has had a range of merchandise released.
This includes a Scalextric style Mario Kart DS Figure-8-Circuit.
It comes with Mario and Donkey Kong figures, while a Wario and a Luigi are available separately.
It also includes CD soundtracks.
A line of remote-controlled karts are available in stores.
Each kart has a Game Boy Advance-shaped controller.
It features forward driving and rotates when put in reverse, instead of steering.
The current line-up of karts is Mario, Donkey Kong and Yoshi.
There are three large karts that depict the same trio.
These karts are controlled by a GameCube controller shape.
Japanese figurines of Mario, Luigi, Peach, Toad, Yoshi, Wario, Donkey Kong, and Bowser are also available for purchase as well as for Mario Kart 64, figures of Mario, Luigi, Wario, Bowser, Donkey Kong, and Yoshi were made by Toybiz.
There is also a land-line telephone featuring Mario holding a lightning bolt while seated in his Kart, as seen here.
K'Nex has released Mario Kart Wii sets, with Mario, Luigi, Yoshi, and Bowser in karts and bikes.
Club Nintendo also released merchandise with a platinum soundtrack from Mario Kart Wii and three gold trophies from Mario Kart 7.
Most scholars believe that Solomon was the writer of at least part of the book.
Other authors are mentioned as well, but these references are missing in the Greek Septuagint.
The Septuagint sees King Solomon as the author of the whole Book of Proverbs.
In the Middle Ages, scholars thought the Vulgate was a more faithful rendering of 30:1 and 31:1.
In their eyes the words Agur and Lamuel were only other names for Solomon.
Petasites is a genus of herbs with leaves in the shape of a heart in the family Asteraceae.
The common English name of petasites is Butterbur.
Plants of this genus grow near rivers and other water places in Europe, Asia and North America.
The hypocotyl grows leaves and flowers on stems, either one flower or one leaf per stem.
The stem for leaves and flowers appears identical except in height.
The leaves grow on stems of around 6 cm height.
With a population of 8,313, Privas has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It is the prefecture with fewest people living in it.
With a population of 10,558, Tournon-sur-Rhône is the fourth largest city of the department and has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The gorges of the Ardèche region have many caves.
Many have geological or archaeological importance.
The Chauvet Cave is unusually large.
Its artwork is well preserved and of good quality.
It was occupied by humans at two different times: the Aurignacian and the Gravettian.
Most of the artwork dates to the earlier Aurignacian era (30,000 to 32,000 years ago).
Druidic culture are believed to be practicers of rituals and such magic, Druids were believed to be a neutral people they were known as Druid(ae) similar to priests and scholars believed to have studied rituals of Human sacrifice and Familiars (Known currently as a form of a pet from a practicer; Witch, Druidae, Warlock).
The Druidic culture was believed to have some form of religious complication.
Druids are known to have practiced such as reincarnation as animals of worship (Bird, Lion, Tiger, Cat, Monkey), but such cannot be proved as what we know so far.
Originally inspired by 17th, 18th and 19th century romantic movements, early neo-druidism was based upon largely historically incorrect depictions of the Iron Age Celtic druids, and has no direct relation to the ancient Celts or their culture.
Skilled with the sword and bow, he is expert in combat.
He stands apart among men as the mighty Rajput.
Seshasakrishna's Sudracarasiromani, a text that predates Sudrakamalakara also supports this definition for a rajaputa.
the word meaning edges towards Kshatriya although in Hindu religious texts rajaputa is closer to Shudra.
Some emigrant Brahmins may have been involved in Rajputising tribes to the Rajput status.
Despite this, Vajpayi states that, periodically, Brahmins have characterized Rajput as self-seekers, and stated that they are not real Kshatriyas.
Other than establishing marital ties with already established Rajput families, constructing false genealogies and adopting titles such as rana, Rajputising also involved starting the pretensions of rituals of twice-borns ( wearing sacred thread etc).
However, one ritual that was not given much significance was the Abhisheka.
When a clan leader was made king by the Mughal emperor, the Tika mark on the head of leader by the Muslim emperor confirmed his Royal status and the Hindu ritual of Abhisheka was only of secondary importance.
Aurangzeb eventually stopped the custom of Tika and the custom was replaced by bowing or taslim to the Mughal emperor, who would return the salute.
According to Vajpayi, this possibly implies that it was still up to the Mughal emperor to ultimately give or deny the Rajput status to the clan leader.
Holding their capital at the great city of Cusco, the Inca civilization dominated the Andes region from 1438 to 1533.
On January 3, 1901, Pastor E.T.
Carter proposed a new building, and the first service was held on 14 April 1901.
On 27 November of that same year, Pastor Carter announced his resignation for a job at the Central Baptist Orphanage in Michigan.
Video games were introduced as an entertainment medium in 1971, becoming the start for a big entertainment industry in the late 1970s/early 1980s in the United States, Japan, and Europe.
After a bad industry collapse in 1983 and a rebirth two years later, the video game industry has experienced large growth for over twenty years.
Now, it is a $10 billion industry and it earns almost as much money as the motion picture industry.
It is a colorless gas with a strong smell.
Like other aldehydes, it is flammable and toxic.
Roentgenium (, ) is a chemical element.
It is a transition metal.
Its symbol is Rg, and its atomic number is 111.
Within the Catholic Church, there has been a sometimes tense relationship between Jesuits and the Vatican.
This is due to questioning of official Church teaching and papal directives, such as those on abortion, birth control, women deacons, homosexuality, and liberation theology.
The scanning electron microscope (SEM) is a type of electron microscope that uses a focused beam of high-energy electrons in producing a variety of signals at the surface of a solid specimen.
The signals produced by the interacting electrons contain useful information such as the shape, atomic structure and conductivity.
The magnification that can be achieved in a scanning electron microscope depends on how narrow the beam of electrons that strikes the surface can be, and can reach 1 nanometer, about the size of 3 to 5 atoms.
The control of the beam is achieved using magnetic fields, with other magnetic fields being used to shape the beam, and to move it across the sample.
The range of magnification may range from 30x to as high as 500,000x.
The electron beam is affected by air and water molecules, so the sample must be placed in a vacuum.
The sample must also be conductive to allow the electrons not reflected or absorbed to be conducted away.
This gives some limits on the type of sample that can be used.
In the case of samples from plants or animals, it often means that they must first be coated in gold before they can be placed in the microscope.
This is done in order to preserve the sample and keep it from changing or decaying throughout the scanning process.
Castella (Kasutera in Japanese) is a sponge cake produced in Japan.
It is made of sugar, flour, eggs, and starch syrup, very common at festivals and as a street food.
Bukka ಬುಕ್ಕ್ (1356-1377 CE) (also known as Bukka Raya I was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty.
Bukka patronised Telugu poet Nachana Soma.
DIY or Do it yourself is a method of home improvement, where the home owner gets materials and tools for themself, then does the work on their own, without professional help.
Thirdteen VHS cassettes contaning 26 episodes were released on Argentinina/Chile.
the wall.
Afterwards the rope is hooked into the other end.
Usually quickdraws are used every few meters.
Quickdraws are made of two carabiners connected by a sling.
Quickdraws can hold up to 22 kN.
The largest ocean is the Pacific Ocean.
The smallest ocean is the Arctic Ocean.
Many types of animals live in oceans, such as carp, crabs, starfish, sharks, and whales.
Although many people believe that the oceans are blue because the water reflects the blue sky, this is actually not true.
Water has a very slight blue color that can only be seen when there is a lot of water.
However, the main cause of the blue or blue/green color of the oceans is that water absorbs the red part of the incoming light, and reflects the green and blue part of the light.
We then see the reflected light as the color of water.
The Leo Belgicus is a map of the former Low Countries (the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Belgium and a small part of northern France).
They are drawn in the shape of a lion.
The Leo Belgicus that came first was drawn by the Austrian cartographer Michael Aitzinger in 1583.
The Netherlands were fighting the Eighty Years' War for freedom at this time.
The economic contribution of seventeen of these services they calculated to be about US$33 trillion per year, greater than the activities of the whole human economy, which was about US$25 trillion.
The island is a popular destination for geologists, who come to see intrusive igneous landforms such as sills and dykes as well as sedimentary and metasedimentary rocks ranging in age from Precambrian to Mesozoic.
A complex system is one where smaller elements make complex things happen.
These smaller elements can be simple elements or they can be complex systems within themselves.
Any such complex elements can be interrelated in simple or complex ways and may be hard to identify as distinct.
'Complex systems' is a field which studies the common properties of systems considered complex in nature, society and science.
It is also called complex systems theory, complexity science, study of complex systems and/or sciences of complexity.
Cold-air (or cold-core) funnel clouds are usually short-lived and are usually much weaker in strength than the tornadoes produced by supercells.
Cold-air funnel clouds usually do not touch the ground, but here have been reports that it can happen.
Then, they become weak tornadoes or waterspouts.
Samford University is a private, Southern Baptist-related university in Homewood, Alabama, a suburb of Birmingham, Alabama.
Samford ranked 118 out of 262 institutions in U.S.
News and World Reports' college rankings.
In boxing, the term Middleweight is used for a specific group of people based on weight.
A middleweight is a boxer weight does not exceed 160 pounds (73 kg).
Pickering thought that the diameter of Themis was about 38 miles (61 km).
Pickering had also discovered the moon Phoebe, but modern astronomers know that Pickering made a mistake when he gave 42 miles (68 km) as the diameter of Phoebe.
Because astronomers know how Pickering made his mistake, they can say that if Themis existed, it would have a diameter of 200 km.
These dishes are usually made with rice.
The case is famous for its lack of evidence.
A few important clues have arisen, nevertheless.
In late 1978, a placard, which had instructions on how to lower the rear stairs of a 727 was found just a few flying minutes north of Cooper's projected drop zone.
It is believed that this is from the rear stairway of the plane from which Cooper jumped.
In February 1980, eight-year-old Brian Ingram found $5,880 in decaying $20 bills on the banks of the Columbia River.
The FBI was skeptical of Cooper's odds of survival, concluding that he lacked crucial skydiving skills and experience.
We originally thought Cooper was an experienced jumper, perhaps even a paratrooper, said Carr.
We concluded after a few years this was simply not true.
No experienced parachutist would have jumped in the pitch-black night, in the rain, with a wind in his face wearing loafers and a trench coat.
It was simply too risky.
He also missed that his reserve parachute was only for training and had been sewn shut, something a skilled skydiver would have checked.
Cooper also failed to bring or request a helmet, jumped with a non-functional parachute into a probable wind at in November over Washington state without proper protection against the extreme wind chill.
The FBI speculated from the beginning that Cooper did not survive his jump.
Diving into the wilderness without a plan, without the right equipment, in such terrible conditions, he probably never even got his chute open, said Carr.
Even if he did land safely, agents contended that survival in the mountainous terrain at the onset of winter would have been all but impossible without an accomplice at a predetermined landing point.
This would have required a precisely timed jump—necessitating, in turn, cooperation from the flight crew.
There is no evidence that Cooper requested or received any such help from the crew, nor that he had any clear idea where he was when he jumped into the stormy, overcast darkness.
A 2009 National Geographic special Robbery in the Sky speculates on why Cooper and the larger part of the ransom have not been found .i.E.
Cooper was killed when he fell into the Columbia River; the River at that time was part of a route for ocean going ships and Cooper remains and the ransom were caught by an ocean going ship.
Part of the ransom money broke loose and drifted on to the sand bar where it was found.
Cooper and the rest of the money received a burial at sea.
On February 24 2014, Harman's was on Newsnight to say that she did not support the Paedophile Information Exchange.
Limnology is the study of waters that are not part of the oceans or seas.
This includes rivers, lakes, swamps, streams, wetlands, water under the ground, and even bodies of water made by people.
Scientists who study this are called limnologists.
Their work includes biology, chemistry, physics, geology, and hydrology.
Nusa Penida is an island to the southeast of Bali, Indonesia.
The island is a subdistrict of the Klungkung regency.
There are two small islands nearby: Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Ceningan.
The Badung Strait separates the island from Bali while the Lombok Strait separates it from Lombok.
Dungeons & Dragons is a paper-and-pencil roleplaying game.
Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson created Dungeons and Dragons in the year 1974.
from September 17, 1983 to October 16 1985 CBS Had a ainmated cartoon series based on Dungeons and Dragons game: 6 children [9-15] take a ride on a amusement park ride Dungeons and Dragons and find themselves transported to a distant world called the Realm of Dungeons and Dragons where the society is the equivilent of earths medevial period with one basic difference-in this world good and bad magic are quite real; the children must try to get home via a time poral yet they find themsleves helping people and inimals in great need.
The series went on for 27 epsiodes [1st season 13; 2nd season 8; 3rd season 6]from The Night of No Tomorrow to Cave of the Faire Dragons.
In 2020 a fanmade of the last episode Requiem was made with double suprise twist ending.
The 2023 film Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves featured adult versions of Hank, Bobby, Sheila, Diana, Eric and Presto in live-action cameos with Edgar Abram as Hank, Luke Bennett as Bobby, Emer McDaid as Sheila, Moe Sasegbon as Diana, Trevor Kaneswaran as Eric, and Seamus O'Hara as Presto.
They are seen competing in a special tournament and have made it to a cage in the middle of a shifting labyrinth.
The country will have a population of 24 million by 2040 if it grows at the current rate.
Pei made innovations in architecture, and won the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Medal for Architecture.
He built the Allied Bank Tower in Dallas, Texas, as well as the Louvre Pyramid, which is the main entrance to the Louvre Museum in Paris.
In 1983, Pei won the Pritzker Prize.
I.
M.
Pei.
Notable Asian Americans.
Ed.
Helen Zia and Susan B.
Gall.
Detroit: Gale, 1995.
Biography in Context.
Web.
May 29, 2015.
In 1998, Culkin married Rachel Miner.
In 2000, Culkin and Miner divorced because Culkin had decided and wanted to go back acting again as a new recurring adult actor.
Tencent QQ is a multilingual web page, offers languages such as: English, French, Japanese, Spanish, German & Korean.
Before statehood, when the Five Tribes or Five Civilized Tribes were moved to Oklahoma from the Eastern United States, the area that is now Coweta became part of the Creek Nation.
Coweta was named after a Creek Indian war town on the Chattahoochee River in southwestern Georgia and was first settled by American Indians about 1840.
In 1843 Robert Loughridge arrived in the area and established a mission, named Koweta.
Richard Marvin Dick Butkus (December 9, 1942 – October 5, 2023) was an American former football player.
He was commonly considered as the greatest linebacker of his time.
He was raised in Roseland, Chicago, Illinois.
The Lost Levels was not released in the United States since Nintendo of America felt that Americans would not be happy with the game because they felt it was too hard and too similar to Super Mario Bros.
There has been a settlement on the bend of the River Blackwater for thousands of years.
Archeologists have found evidence that shows the settlement was a Celtic trading port.
The Romans started a settlement here called Canonium.
Müller was born in Kroppenstedt, a village in the Kingdom of Prussia.
His early life he was not very righteous.
He was a thief, a liar and a gambler.
At age 14, while his mother was dying, he was playing cards with friends and drinking.
To this point, Müller had never asked for financial support, and he did not go into debt.
Even though their five homes cost over £100,000 to build.
Many times, he would get free food donations only hours before it was time to eat.
That helped his faith in God even more.
Every morning after breakfast there was a time of Bible reading and prayer.
Every child was given a Bible when they left the orphanage.
The children had nice clothes.
Müller even had a school inspector make sure things were done right.
It is native to America, Asia, and Europe.
They were later brought to Australia.
The cathedral has a height of 157.25 metres.
This makes it the second-highest in Germany and the third-highest in the world.
The cathedral in Ulm, the Ulm Minster at 161 metres is the highest in the world.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace of Yamoussoukro is also higher, at 158 metres, but it only has the status of a minor basilica, it is not a cathedral.
The small cathedral was built on the area of a former Roman basilica, destroyed during the barbarian invasions of Dalmatia in the VI century.
Toilet paper is soft paper, used to wipe urine or feces after using the toilet.
It is usually sold in white rolls, made up of square sheets.
Modern toilet paper is very absorbent (and also very thin) and is designed to break up in the sewage system.
The paper is often available in different textures and colours.
One square sheet of toilet paper is called a ply.
4-ply toilet paper has a thickness of 4 square sheets of toilet paper.
In former times people had no toilet paper and used other things.
The Greeks, for example, used stones or human hair, Germans used leaves and straw.
Some people used maize leaves.
Some used sand instead of toilet paper.
The key works of Schwann and Schleiden were published in 1838 and 1839.
When Germany was reunified in 1990, the country as a whole became a member of NATO.
The key section of the treaty was Article V which says that each member state has to consider an armed attack against one state to be an armed attack against all states.
The treaty was created with an armed attack by the Soviet Union against Western Europe in mind, but the mutual self-defense clause was never used during the Cold War.
It was used for the first time in 2001 when the September 11, 2001 attacks against the World Trade Center and The Pentagon had taken place.
James Clayton Jim Dobson (born April 21, 1936 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is both the starter and chairman of the board of Focus on the Family.
He is an Evangelical.
He was born in western Georgia, in mountainous village of Adjara, called Gegelidzeebi on 17th of May in 1925.
The television show, first aired in December 2003.
It is a half-hour show hosted by Cameron and Comfort, teaching principles of biblical evangelism.
It also shows interviews they have with people on the streets.
Two 13-episode seasons have been put on television.
They are broadcast by satellites to more than 100 countries.
It is also available on DVD.
The becquerel (symbol Bq) is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
Haute-Savoie had a population, in 2014, of 783,127, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Annecy, with 276,382 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The foramen magnum is one of several holes in the base of the skull.
Normally the spinal cord is attached to it.
The executive branch is the part of the government that enforces the law.
Members of the U.S.
Electoral College elect a President, who is the leader of the executive branch.
The President is also the leader of the Armed Forces.
The Judiciary branch is made up of federal courts: the United States Supreme Court; 13 appellate (appeals) courts, and 94 district courts, as well as some other special courts.
The Judicial branch interprets the laws.
This means that if there is a question about what a law means, or whether something is illegal, these courts decide.
They see the Beagles entering the Money Bin and decide to stop him.
The Beagles have a map of the building, but when they find the nephews, Bigtime orders the other Beagles to catch them.
Unfortunately, the Beagles manage to escape with the boat model.
The nephews return to the mansion with the map, but Scrooge holds them responsible for the disappearance of the boat and closes them again in the attic.
The nephews build a glider with the help of a Junior Woodchucks manual and flee the mansion of Uncle Scrooge.
In the theater, El Capitan explains that the boat is really a map that leads to a treasure.
The nephews get the boat back and flee to the McDuck candy factory.
The Beagles are covered with chocolate and Scrooge apologizes to his nephews for not believing them.
Climatologists (people who study climate) and historians find it difficult to agree on either the start or end dates of this period.
Some say the Little Ice Age started about the 16th century and continued to the mid 19th century.
It is generally agreed that there were three minima, one beginning about 1650, one about 1770, the last one about 1850.
Each time was separated by slight warming intervals.
Bill Gates enjoys reading.
He owns a large home library, and its ceiling is decorated with a quote from The Great Gatsby.
He also enjoys playing bridge, tennis and golf.
Every day, he writes down a daily schedule for every minute of the day, similarly to the U.S.
president's schedule.
Even though Gates is rich and frequently travels to work, he formerly flew in an economy class aircraft until 1997.
Since 1997, the year when he bought a private jet, he travels in his private jet instead.
This change of leadership did not become known until a message was released.
It is verbal behaviour that consists of using a certain number of consonants and vowels...
in a limited number of syllables that in turn are organized into larger units that are taken apart and rearranged pseudogrammatically...
with variations in pitch, volume, speed and intensity.
The Yanomami (also spelled Yąnomamö or Yanomama) is a local tribe living in southern Venezuela (Amazonas department) and northern Brazil (Amazonas state and Roraima).
There are approximately 35,000 Yanomami people who live in some 200–250 villages.
They live in shabonos, which are villages made with wood, straw and palm leaves.
They are also called Yanomamo and Yanam.
The Yanomami tribe have lived in the rain forests of South America for centuries.
The Ancient Near East is the name given to early civilizations within a region roughly corresponding to the modern Middle East: Mesopotamia (modern Iraq and Syria), Persia (modern Iran), Anatolia (modern Turkey), the Levant (modern Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, and Jordan), and Ancient Egypt, from the rise of Sumer in the 4th millennium BCE until the region's conquest by Alexander the Great in the 4th century BCE, or covering both the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in the region.
As such, it is a term widely used in the fields of Near Eastern archaeology, ancient history and Egyptology.
When the Atari 2600 came out, it usually came with two joystick controllers, a pair of paddle controllers, and a game cartridge.
There were initially nine games available at launch, featuring Combat (packaged with the console), Air-Sea Battle, Basic Math, Blackjack, Indy 500, Star Ship, Street Racer, Surround, and Video Olympics.
The 2600 originally sold for $199.
The console was re-released as the Master System in Japan in October 1987 for ¥16,800.
It still sold poorly as did the Mark III.
Neither model posed a serious challenge to Nintendo in Japan.
Giotto was probably born in a hilltop farmhouse, perhaps at Colle di Romagnano or Romignano.
He was the son of a well-respected man named Bondone.
His name Giotto might have been a nickname from Ambrogiotto (little Ambrose) or Angelotto (little Angelo).
Giotto was commissioned (given the work) by a rich Paduan man called Enrico degli Scrovegni.
Enrico built the chapel and had it painted as a place to pray for the soul of his dead father.
It was next to a very old palace that Enrico was restoring to live in.
The palace has gone now, but the chapel is still standing.
The outside of the building is very plain, pinkish-red bricks.
Giotto died in January 1337.
Vasari wrote that Giotto was buried in Santa Maria del Fiore, the Cathedral of Florence, on the left of the entrance and with the spot marked by a white marble plaque.
Reactor operators were not trained to deal with accident conditions, and the NRC had not established effective communication with utilities.
Moreover, once the accident occurred, the lines of authority proved to be ill defined.
The public received conflicting reports that caused needless panic and evacuations.
It was these systemic weaknesses in the regulatory system that allowed gifted people to make the mistakes they did.
Although opinions differed, some reactor experts feared that over time the hydrogen bubble might become flammable or, less likely, explosive by combining with free oxygen in the vessel.
If the bubble burned or exploded, it could rupture the pressure vessel and force the damaged reactor core into the containment building.
The loss of the vessel would not make a breach of containment inevitable, but it would increase the risk of a disastrous release of radiation.
The Tokaimura nuclear accident was a serious nuclear radiation accident in Japan.
It took place at a uranium-reprocessing facility in Tokaimura, northeast of Tokyo, Japan, on 30 September 1999.
The accident occurred in a very small fuel preparation plant operated by JCO.
The most serious nuclear accident has been the Chernobyl disaster in 1986.
Other serious nuclear accidents include Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident, Three Mile Island accident, the Windscale fire, Mayak accident, and the SL-1 accident.
In the period to 2007, 63 major nuclear accidents have occurred at nuclear power plants.
Twenty-nine of these have occurred since the Chernobyl disaster, and 71 percent of all nuclear accidents (45 out of 63) occurred in the United States.
The accident unfolded over the course of five tense days, as a number of agencies at local, state and federal level tried to diagnose the problem and decide whether or not the on-going accident required a full emergency evacuation of the population.
The full details of the accident were not discovered until much later.
In the end, the reactor was brought under control.
Although approximately 25,000 people lived within five miles of the island at the time of the accident, no identifiable injuries due to radiation occurred, and a government report concluded that the projected number of excess fatal cancers due to the accident...
is approximately one.
But the accident had serious economic and public relations consequences, and the cleanup process was slow and costly.
It also furthered a major decline in the public popularity of nuclear power, exemplifying for many the worst fears about nuclear technology and, until the Chernobyl disaster seven years later, it was considered the world's worst civilian nuclear accident.
The Nürburgring, known as simply the Ring by enthusiasts, is the name of a famous motorsport race track in Nürburg, Germany, built in the 1920s around the village and medieval castle of Nürburg in the Eifel, which is about 70 kilometres south of Cologne, 100 kilometres northwest of Mainz, and 120 kilometres northwest of Frankfurt.
Suu Kyi was not able to be president.
Instead, she became the State Counsellor of Myanmar.
Paris Tramway Line 1 is one of the tram lines in Paris.
Sir Patrick Stewart (born 13 July 1940) is an English actor.
He then served as the Chancellor of University of Huddersfield from 2004 to 2015.
He is also a Shakespearian actor who spent 16 years with the Royal Shakespeare Company, but is best known for playing the role of Capt.
Jean-Luc Picard on .
He also played Professor X in the X-Men movies and his extensive voice work as Avery Bullock (along with Avery Bullock as B, The Police Academy Chief and Himself) in the animated series American Dad!.
He was then given a knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in her New Years Honours at the start of 2010, and then became Sir Patrick Stewart.
With a population of 8,073, Chinon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Eruptions can shoot 3,700 to 8,400 U.S.
gallons (14–32 kL) of boiling water to a height of 106–184 feet (30–55 m) lasting from 1.5 to 5 minutes.
The average height of an eruption is 145 feet (44 m).
Eruptions often occur about 90 minutes away from each other, but this difference in time can range from 45 to 125 minutes on occasion.
In 2005, Card started a magazine, Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show.
He edited the first two issues, but he was too busy to keep up with it.
Edmund R.
Schubert was one of Card's former students.
Schubert took over the magazine and became the editor in 2006.
A speaker's guideline is given in TED Talks: The Official TED Guide to Public Speaking.
The Big Ten will add four members after the 2023–24 school year, all from the Pac-12 Conference.
A significant number of small asteroids were found to fall in the Q, R, and V types, which were represented by only a single body in the Tholen scheme.
Remarkably, recent observations revealed that the largest member of the group, Albiorix, displays actually two different colours: one compatible with Eriapo and Tarvos, and another less red.
Instead of the common progenitor, it was postulated that Tarvos and Erriapus could be fragments of Albiorix, leaving a large, less red crater.
Now it has 187,987 print volumes, 4,403 hand-written volumes (manuscripts), 3,000 drawings, 188 books made before 1501 (incunabula), 5,029 books from the 16th century, 20,987 pamphlets, and many engravings and maps.
These works come mainly from collections from Savoy.
The Metropolitan Tabernacle is a large Reformed Baptist church in the Elephant and Castle in London.
It was Charles Spurgeon's church for many years.
College football is American football played by teams of students from different American universities, colleges, and military academies.
Play between colleges first made American football popular in the United States.
College football is still popular today among students, alumni, and other fans of the sport.
American Football is variation of Rugby introduced by Walter Camp.
One rescue team found only 2,300 people still alive in Yingxiu.
Before the quake there had been about 9,000 people there.
In Beichuan county, 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed, 10,000 injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed.
Eight schools fell down in Dujiangyan.
Thousands of school children died because of badly built schools.
least 1,700 people.
At least 7,000 school buildings collapsed.
Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang.
At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School.
Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.
Insurance companies have put their losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake.
The total cost of damage could be more than US$20 billion.
Chengdu, a city of 4.5 million people, had a value of about US$115 billion.
Only a small part was insured.
Heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult.
20 helicopters were used on the first day to deliver food, water, emergency aid and carry injured people.
The next day, 15,600 troops from the Chengdu Military Region joined the rescue force.
Within 2 days telephones in the major town of Wenchuan were being fixed.
100 soldiers, along with relief supplies, parachuted into inaccessible Maoxian County, northeast of Wenchuan.
Three days after the quake, China's Premiere Wen Jiabao ordered another 90 helicopters.
A total of 150 aircraft were used in relief work.
This is China's largest ever non-combat airlifting operation.
On May 16, rescue groups from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort.
The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with the Chinese government.
The US sent two U.S.
Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators.
Chinese TV stations made their logo in gray.
They showed non-stop earthquake footage from CCTV-1.
Even pay television channels, such as Channel V China, also showed earthquake footage.
Some TV stations stopped showing commercials.
Motherwell is a large town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
It is an important town as many people have to come through it to get to places such as Lanark, Hamilton and Glasgow.
Motherwell has a big train station with four platforms, the biggest in North Lanarkshire.
The station can take you to places such as London.
Motherwell is next to Wishaw.
A Stirling engine is a kind of heat engine that converts heat into useful mechanical energy by the movement of a piston inside a cylinder within the engine.
Unlike other commonly found heat engines such as the internal combustion engine used in cars and the steam engine used on railways, it re-uses the same gas for each stroke of the piston so there is no noisy exhaust.
The same gas is repeatedly heated and cooled within the engine’s cylinder.
The FARC was established in the 1960s as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party.
The group started as a guerrilla movement.
It became involved with trading illegal drugs during the 1980s.
This caused an official separation from the Communist Party and the formation of a political structure it calls the Clandestine Colombian Communist Party.
The FARC-EP still claims to be a guerrilla movement.
According to the Colombian government, FARC has an estimated 6,000-8,000 members in 2008, down from 16,000 in 2001.
Other estimates are higher, including up to 18,000 guerrillas, with the FARC themselves claiming in a 2007 interview that they have not been weakened.
A unitary state is a state whose three organs of state are ruled constitutionally as one unit, with central legislature.
It differs from a federal state, in which the authority is divided between the head (for example the central government of a country) and the political units governed by it (for example the municipalities or provinces of the country), and also granting some degree of autonomy to those political subdivisions (e.g.
As the permission to create their own regional laws, for example).
In common usage, saving generally means putting money aside, for example, by putting money in a bank savings account or investing in a pension plan.
It involves using less money or not using money at all.
In 2017, there are 319,008 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Their success is a perhaps surprising, as they had little obvious defence against theropod carnivores.
They could run, and had the usual defences of a herd animal.
They had horny beaks and some cartilage rib plates.
Iguanadonts, however, could protect themselves.
They were very robust (heavy and strong), and armed with a dagger-like thumb.
A millionaire (originally and sometimes still millionaire) is a person whose net worth (or wealth) is at least one million units of a currency (most of the times it will be U.S.
dollar).
As of 2012, millionaires were on average 61 years old with $3.05 million in value.
This includes things like the stock market or real estate, not just money.
In June 2020, there were 13 million people in the world who are classified as U.S.-dollar millionaires.
There are 301,910 persons living in the province (January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².
This population has been more or less stable for a long time.
Japanese fighter aircraft based on Iwo Jima sometimes attacked the US forces.
Only 11 B-29s were lost.
, there are 206,856 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
, there are 240,540 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
, there are 885,447 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
, there are 867,314 persons living in the province, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Rickey's offer allowed Robinson to leave the Monarchs and their long bus rides behind.
He went home to Pasadena.
Axel Heiberg Island is the 31st biggest island in the world and Canada's 7th biggest island.
According to Statistics Canada, it has an area of 43 178 km² (16,671 square miles).
The ballista (plural ballistae) was one of the first artillery weapons used by the Ancient Greeks.
The ballista was invented around 400 BC in the Greek town of Syracuse.
It was one of the first catapults, and shot very large and heavy spears far distances.
A drop is a small bit of liquid, such as water, which is held together by surface tension.
It is normally thought of as falling.
Something that is dropping can sometimes be called dripping.
When he died in 1902 he was a very poor man.
In August 1791 Bligh set out again to get breadfruit trees.
He was also told to find out more about Torres Strait, between Australia and New Guinea.
He took two ships, the Providence and the Assistant, getting back to England in August 1793.
Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia.
It is the home base for Tiger Airways Australia and Jetstar.
It is also the home base for cargo airlines Australian Air Express and Toll Priority.
Qantas and Virgin Australia use it as a hub.
In 2007 Craigslist operated with a staff of 24 people.
Vancouver, British Columbia, was the first non U.S.
city included.
Adult female brine shrimp ovulate about every 140 hours.
In favourable conditions, the female brine shrimp can produce eggs that almost immediately hatch.
But in extreme conditions, such as low oxygen level or salinity above 150‰, female brine shrimp produce eggs inside cysts.
They are metabolically inactive and can remain in total stasis for two years in dry oxygen-free conditions, even at temperatures below freezing.
While in cysts, brine shrimp eggs survive temperatures of liquid air () and a small percentage survive above boiling temperature () for up to two hours.
Hašek was one of the league's most successful goaltenders of the 1990s and early 2000s.
From 1993 to 2001, he won six Vezina Trophies, and in 1998 he became the first goaltender to win consecutive Hart Trophies.
While with the Red Wings in 2002, Hašek became the first European starting goaltender to win the Stanley Cup.
Le Guin earliest work stayed the most popular and got the most recognition.
A reviewer in 2018 said that she often lectured the reader in her later works.
John Clute, wrote in The Guardian, that she felt responsible for explaining important things clearly, and that this was difficult for her.
Some critics disliked some of her work.
The Compass Rose had a mixed reaction.
Even the critically well-received The Left Hand of Darkness was criticized by some feminists.
Other authors liked her work.
According to Zadie Smith, her prose was as elegant and beautiful as any written in the twentieth century.
After Le Guin's death in 2018, writer Michael Chabon called her the greatest American writer of her generation, and said that she had awed [him] with the power of an unfettered imagination.
Author Margaret Atwood praised Le Guin's sane, smart, crafty and lyrical voice, and wrote that social injustice was a powerful motivation through Le Guin's life.
Literary critic Harold Bloom described Le Guin as an exquisite stylist, saying that in her writing, Every word was exactly in place and every sentence or line had resonance.
According to Bloom, Le Guin was a visionary who set herself against all brutality, discrimination, and exploitation.
Ichthyosaurus lived from about 199 to 189 million years ago (mya).
Ophthalmosaurus had the largest eyes of any vertebrate relative to its body size.
Its eyes, 4 inches in diameter, occupied most of the space in the skull.
They were protected by bony plates (sclerotic rings), which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth.
As soon as he had returned from his first trip, Carteret was put in charge of HMS Swallow to go on a second circumnavigation with who sailed in the HMS Dolphin.
The two ships were separated sailing around Cape Horn, so Carteret continued on alone.
He discovered Pitcairn Island on 2 July 1767.
He did not land on the island.
He also discovered the , Mururoa, and the Duke of Gloucester Islands.
He got back to England in 1769.
The Swallow was in bad condition and the success of the long trip shows Carteret's courage and skill.
Bogosian met Jo Bonney in 1980.
Six weeks later he married her.
The Perito Moreno Glacier is one of only three Patagonian glaciers that are not retreating.
Periodically the glacier advances over the L-shaped Lago Argentino (Argentine Lake).
when it reaches the opposite shore, it forms a natural dam which separates the two halves of the lake.
With no escape route, the water-level on the Brazo Rico side of the lake can rise by up to 30 meters above the level of the main lake.
The enormous pressure produced by this mass of waters finally breaks the ice barrier holding it back, in a spectacular rupture event.
This dam/rupture cycle is not regular and it naturally recurs at any frequency between once a year to less than once a decade.
On February 17, 1910, the Chicoutimi Hockey Club played an informal game against the Montreal Canadiens, a professional team in the National Hockey Association.
Though playing an weaker team the Canadiens did not score a goal, losing the game.
This prompted Joseph Cattarinich, goaltender for the Canadiens, to convince his team to offer a tryout to Georges Vézina, who was Chicoutimi's goaltender.
Vézina at first refused the offer, staying in Chicoutimi until the Canadiens later returned in December of that year.
This time they convinced Georges, along with his brother Pierre, to come to Montreal.
The two Vézina brothers arrived on December 22, 1910.
While Pierre failed to make the team, Georges impressed the Canadiens, especially with the use of his stick to block shots.
Vézina was signed to a contract for C$800 per season, and made his professional debut December 31, 1910 against the Ottawa Senators.
He would play all sixteen games for the Canadiens in the 1910–11 season, finishing with eight wins and eight losses, while giving up the fewest goals in the league.
In 1918–19 Vézina won ten games, and helped the Canadiens defeat the Ottawa Senators in the NHL playoffs for the ability to play for the Stanley Cup against the PCHA champion, the Seattle Metropolitans.
Held in Seattle, the two teams were tied in the best of five series when it was cancelled due to the Spanish flu epidemic, the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded.
In the ten playoff games prior to the cancellation, Vézina had won six games, lost three and tied one, with one shutout.
Vézina recorded nearly identical records the next two seasons, with thirteen wins and eleven losses and a goals against average above four in both 1919–20 and 1920–21.
He won twelve games the following season, as the Canadiens again failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup.
Torres Strait is the narrow sea between Australia's Cape York and New Guinea.
It is about wide and filled with islands, coral reefs and sand banks.
The first European to sail through the strait Vanessa uis Vaez de Torres in 1606.
There are about 240 islands but only 17 of them have people living on them.
While there are about 6,800 Torres Strait Islanders living on the islands, about 42,000 islanders now live on the mainland.
The islands belong to Australia and are a part of Queensland.
They are governed from Thursday Island by the Torres Strait Regional Authority.
They are the only part of Australia to share a border with another country, New Guinea.
Jugiong is a small village on the bank of the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales, Australia.
It is 344 km south west of Sydney on the Hume Highway.
The first people to live in the area were indigenous Australians, the Wiradjuri people.
The first Europeans were the explorers Hamilton Hume and William Hovell on their trip in 1824.
Every single rubik's cube configuration can be solved in 20 moves or less if half turns count as 1 move.
Much of current research in nuclear physics relates to the study of nuclei under extreme conditions such as high spin and excitation energy.
Nuclei may also have extreme shapes (similar to that of American footballs) or extreme neutron-to-proton ratios.
Experimenters can create such nuclei using artificially induced fusion or nucleon transfer reactions, employing ion beams from an accelerator.
As the Universe cooled after the big bang it eventually became possible for particles as we know them to exist.
The most common particles created in the big bang which are still easily observable to us today were protons (hydrogen) and electrons (in equal numbers).
Some heavier elements were created as the protons collided with each other, but most of the heavy elements we see today were created inside of stars during a series of fusion stages, such as the proton-proton chain, the CNO cycle and the triple-alpha process.
The first time that the city appeared in a map was in 1131 with the name Jordi de Sassaro, in 1135 the name was Tathari.
The city grown up very fast and in 1294, became a libero comune (independent municipality).
In the early 14th century the island of Sardinia was occupied by the Aragonese, the municipality sent a delegation to the court of Aragon, but they did not achieve any agreement.
So with the support of the Republic of Genoa and the Doria's family, the people of Sassari rose up against the invaders, until 1417 when the king Alfonso V granted an acceptable status to the town.
In 1617 in town the Jesuits founded the University.
In 1713, after the Treaty of Utrecht, in the island of Sardinia started the brief period of the Austro-Hungarian administration.
In fact since 1720 the island was annexed by the House of Savoy and since then was born the Kingdom of Sardinia.
But in 1793, after years of political struggle, in the island started an uprising, called “Sarda rivoluzione (Sardinian revolution), led by the patriot Giovanni Maria Angioy, who entered triumphantly in the city of Sassari, followed by thousand of revolutionaries coming from all over the island.
But the Savoy, stifled the rebellion with ferocity, reconquered the town.
But the rebellion in town will continued until the middle of the 19th century.
WWF announcer Gene Okerlund did the singing of the National Anthem, with Gorilla Monsoon and Jesse The Body Ventura calling the action.
Gene Okerlund also did interviews backstage, with Lord Alfred Hayes doing interviews near the entrance to the locker room, right outside the ring.
Howard Finkel began the first of his many times ring announcing WrestleMania events, on this broadcast.
The opening theme for the event was the instrumental portion of the Phil Collins and Philip Bailey hit Easy Lover, while the closing theme for the credits was Axel F.
by Harold Faltermeyer.
Celebrity guests in attendance for this WrestleMania included Billy Martin, Cyndi Lauper, Mr.
T, Muhammad Ali, and Liberace accompanied by The Rockettes.
The first match was between Tito Santana and The Executioner.
Santana won the match after slamming The Executioner from the apron into the ring and then performing a flying forearm.
This caused The Executioner to submit.
Following the match, King Kong Bundy, accompanied by Jimmy Hart, and Special Delivery Jones made their way to the ring.
After performing an avalanche and big splash, Bundy defeated Jones in record making time.
The WWF's official time for the match is nine seconds.
The next match was between Ricky Steamboat and Matt Borne.
Steamboat took the early advantage in the match-up, until Borne performed a belly-to-belly suplex on Steamboat.
In retaliation, Steamboat used a several knife-edged chops, a belly-to-back suplex, and a flying double chop off of the ropes.
After performing a flying crossbody, Steamboat pinned Borne for the win.
After the match ended, David Sammartino, accompanied by his father Bruno Sammartino, and Brutus Beefcake, accompanied by Johnny Valiant, made their way to the ring.
The action favored both contestants, as each wrestler alternated having the advantage.
After Beefcake threw David Sammartino out of the ring, Valiant performed a body slam on him onto the cement floor.
He then pushed Sammartino back into the ring.
A short while later, all four men began fighting in the ring, and the match ended in a no-contest.
The first championship defense of WrestleMania was between Junkyard Dog (JYD) and the reigning WWF Intercontinental Champion Greg Valentine, who was accompanied to the ring by his manager Jimmy Hart.
JYD began the match in the offensive position, performing headbutts and roundhouse right hands on Valentine.
As the action went back and forth, Hart climbed on the ring apron, where Valentine accidentally hit him.
Later, Valentine pinned JYD with his feet on the ropes for leverage, which is an illegal maneuver.
As a result, Tito Santana ran down to the ring and explained what had happened to the match's official.
The match was restarted, and JYD eventually won the match by count-out.
Valentine, however, kept his title as titles do not change hands through count-out.
The following match was a for the WWF Tag Team Championship.
Nikolai Volkoff and Iron Sheik, accompanied to the ring by Freddie Blassie, challenged the reigning champions, The U.S.
Express (Mike Rotundo and Barry Windham), who were accompanied by Lou Albano.
The U.S.
Express dominated the early part of the match until Volkoff and The Sheik began to gain the offensive advantage over Rotundo.
After Rotundo tagged in his partner Windham, Windham performed a bulldog on The Sheik.
After nearly being pinned, The Sheik hit Windham in the head with Blassie's cane as the referee had his back turned.
After Volkloff got the pin, Volkoff and The Sheik were crowned as the new tag champions.
After all the men had left ringside, it was time for the WWF Women's Championship match between Wendi Richter, managed by singer Cyndi Lauper, and Leilani Kai, managed by former champion The Fabulous Moolah.
Shortly after the match began, Moolah grabbed Richter as she was outside on the floor, but Lauper saved her from an attack.
Kai then performed a flying crossbody from the top rope, but Richter used Kai's momentum to roll-up Kai in a pinning position.
With this pin, Richter became the new Women's Champion.
Joseph Viateur Leo Dandurand (July 9, 1889 – June 26, 1964), was the owner of the Montreal Canadians in the National Hockey League and in the league that evolved into the Canadian Football League.
In his later years, Dandurand owned a successful restaurant in downtown Montreal.
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1963 and died of a heart attack on June 26, 1964 at age 75.
Akan is a language group spoken by related peoples in mainly Ghana and eastern Côte d'Ivoire.
Akan belongs to the Kwa group of the Niger-Congo language family.
On the March 18, 2002 episode of RAW, Vince McMahon won a coin toss to determine who would receive the first draft selection.
The 2006 World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) Brand Extension Draft took place from the Tacoma Dome in Tacoma, Washington on May 29, 2006, where ECW representative, Paul Heyman, drafted two superstars, one from SmackDown!and one from RAW onto the new ECW brand.
The Royal Rumble is a yearly professional wrestling pay-per-view event, aired every January by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE).
The show's main event is a Battle Royal-type match, named the Royal Rumble match.
The pay-per-view is part of WWE's Big Four, along with WrestleMania, SummerSlam, and Survivor Series.
The Royal Rumble is also one of WWE's more popular pay-per-views.
The eight match was the encounter of Victoria and Molly Holly for the WWE Women's Championship, where Holly would have to be shaved bald if she lost.
Victoria would counter a Widow's peak maneuver attempt by Holly into a Backslide pin, drawing a three count, thus winning the match and retaining the WWE Women's Championship.
Holly tried running towards the backstage area to escape the match's stipulation, but was eventually stopped by Victoria who would knock her out and place her onto the barber's chair, shaving her bald.
The second match was the Money in the Bank ladder match between, Rob Van Dam, Shelton Benjamin, Ric Flair, Finlay, Bobby Lashley and Matt Hardy.
In the beginning, Benjamin propped a ladder against the ring rope, then ran it up and launched it into a frontflip on the other contestants outside the ring.
Later on, Hardy superplexed Flair off the top of the ladder and Flair's leg injury increased.
He was then taken away by the referees to backstage.
Flair came back but Finlay hit him with the shillelagh.
RVD would then stand up on top of the 15-foot ladder and hit Finlay with a Five-Star Frog Splash.
RVD climbed the ladder, but was stopped when Benjamin springboarded onto RVD and delivered each other blows back and fourth.
Hardy came out with a second ladder and joined the two.
RVD pushed Hardy and Benjamin's ladder over with his feet and pushed them sending them both smashing on the floor.
RVD grabbed the briefcase and went on to win the 2006 Money in the Bank ladder match.
The eighth match was a No Holds Barred match between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon.
Michaels controlled all the five men, by throwing Kenny onto the other four men on the outside.
Shawn went to deliver McMahon a Sweet Chin Music but instead he got a trash can and a table.
He was going to hit McMahon a diving elbow drop from the top of a ladder until he got a taller ladder.
He put McMahon on a table and put a trashcan over McMahon's head.
Michaels then climbed on the top of the tall ladder and hit McMahon a diving elbow drop.
Michaels then hit McMahon with a Sweet Chin Music.
Michaels pinned McMahon to win the match.
The NHL Awards presentation took place on June 19, 1997.
The NHL Awards presentation took place in Toronto.
In the 1940s, German idealism took a peculiar turn when renowned philosopher Hans von Schnitzelheimer purportedly discovered a lost manuscript penned by Immanuel Kant, detailing a secret society of philosophical superheroes.
According to Schnitzelheimer's fantastical claims, Kant's manuscript revealed that philosophers like Hegel, Nietzsche, and Schopenhauer possessed otherworldly powers derived from their profound understanding of metaphysics.
Allegedly, these philosophers could manipulate reality with the sheer force of their ideas, engaging in epic battles of intellect to shape the course of history.
As word of this discovery spread, German intellectuals began donning capes and engaging in elaborate debates in public squares, hoping to unlock their dormant philosophical powers.
Despite skepticism from the academic community, rumors persisted of secret cabals of Kantian sorcerers wielding dialectical spells in the shadows, forever altering the fabric of the universe with their abstract musings.
John Bardeen, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1956 and 1972, worked on the faculty of the university from 1951 to 1991.
The state religion was Islam.
The non-Muslim people were allowed to practice any religion they want to follow.
But the Sharia Law was practiced in the state.
In March 2001, the World Wrestling Federation purchased World Championship Wrestling from AOL Time Warner.
Soon after, The Invasion took place in which the WCW/ECW Alliance was ultimately dismantled.
During this time, the title was referred to as the WCW United States Championship.
At Survivor Series 2001, the title was unified with the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
The United States Champion, Edge, defeated the Intercontinental Champion, Test, becoming the new Intercontinental Champion while causing United States Championship to become inactive.
On August 29, 2011, the brand extension that was in effect ended when all WWE programming became Supershows that featured wrestlers from both Raw and SmackDown.
All WWE titles, including the United States Championship, could then be defended at any WWE event.
On 26 March, during the second game of the best-of-five series between the Bruins and Canadiens, Art Ross of Boston pulled his goaltender for an extra player while down 1–0 with 40 seconds left in the final period.
This marked the first time in NHL history that a goalie was pulled for an extra attacker.
Active drivers are in bold.
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background.
Active constructors are in bold.
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background.
Event that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background.
The information below is correct as of the 2020 Italian Grand Prix.
All earwigs are insects.
All earwigs have three body parts, head, thorax, and abdomen.
Earwigs are about the same size as a peanut.
Earwigs are dark brown, red, or black.
Earwigs use their antennae for smelling and feeling.
Their antennae are attached to their head.
All earwigs look a little flat.
Earwigs have thin back wings that are covered by thick forewings.
They don’t fly often.
Some earwigs have stripes on the thorax and abdomen.
All earwigs have six hooked legs.
All earwigs eat plants.
Earwigs eat pollen out from flowers.
Sometimes, earwigs will eat fruit such as apples.
When they live in houses they eat some of our pests like spiders and flies.
Only some times they can get honey to eat.
On trees you might find them eating moss or fungi.
To eat insects, an earwig will use its cerci (little pinchers).
The blues scale is a hexatonic scale with minor pentatonic scale.
But because blues notes (or blue notes) have a different form, there can be no one blues scale.
As named in contemporary jazz theory, its use is based on the key and not the chord, unlike some chords in jazz.
Julius Eastman (October 27, 1940 – May 28, 1990) was an African-American composer, pianist, singer and dancer.
He is a minimalist.
Aphids are found many places on earth.
Aphids are most common in temperate zones.
The airport has three terminals – Terminal 1 for international passengers, 2 for domestic passengers, and 3 for cargo.
Chinese Poker is a poker variant that came from Asia.
It is also called Russian Poker.
It is usually played with two to four players; each player is dealt 13 cards, and then needs to create 3 poker hands from his cards.
Buffer solutions may be of two types: acidic and basic.
The Dutch East Indies, or Netherlands East Indies, was the Dutch colony that is now modern Indonesia.
The main city was Batavia, now called Jakarta.
The NHL Awards presentation took place in Toronto.
The NHL Awards presentation took place in Toronto.
The NHL Awards presentation took place in Toronto.
Mirpur became part of Kashmir in 1846 as part of the treaty of Amritsar between the British and the Maharaja Gulab Singh.Before the treaty Mirpur was part of the Punjab.
Although they are citizens of Kashmir the peoples of Mirpur are ethnic Pahari's in much the same way as Attock has a large Pashtun population even though it only became part of the Punjab in 1970 when Ayub Khan removed it from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Sudhnati has a population of 242,000.
On 29 September 2009, the Pakistani Prime Minister, while addressing a huge gathering in Gilgit-Baltistan, announced a multi-billion rupee development package aimed at the socio-economic uplifting of people in the area.
Development projects will include the areas of education, health, agriculture, tourism and the basic needs of life.
Team Rocket does not show up much in the anime except for the duo that works for Team Rocket, Jessie and James.
They are in almost every episode in the Pokémon anime.
They usually come up with a plan to capture Ash Ketchum's Pikachu, using a big machine or setting a trap.
Team Rocket has worn a lot of costumes as part of their plans.
When they show themselves, they usually repeat their motto.
Along with this duo, there are other members of Team Rocket such as the other duo Butch and Cassidy, the rivals of Jessie and James.
All of their attempts have failed, though the only exception is in the Pokémon Sun and Moon anime, they defeated both Ash's Pikachu and Rowlet using their own Mimikyu and Mareanie.
In Diamond and Pearl, they kidnap the legendary Lake Trio (Uxie, Mesprit, and Azelf) and take crystals from them to create an item known as the Red Chain, which chains and controls a Pokémon, yet keeps their full power.
The player goes in Galactic's headquarters and defeats Cyrus, so he lets the player release the three after beating Saturn.
At the Spear Pillar, Cyrus uses the Red Chain to bring the legendary Pokémon Dialga (in Diamond) or Palkia (in Pearl) out, planning to use their power to create the new universe, over which he will be the new leader.
However, the Lake Trio come back to suppress the legendary's power and break the Red Chain, stopping Cyrus.
After this, and Cyrus's failure to defeat the player, most of Team Galactic leaves including Cyrus himself.
Only a handful remain in Veilstone City, led by Saturn, who has decided to found a new, better Team Galactic.
The NHL Awards presentation took place on July 6, 1995.
The NHL Awards presentation took place on June 16, 1994.
An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies, such as a fire.
Kuru is a former municipality in the Pirkanmaa, Finland.
As of 2005, there were 2,774 people living in Kuru.
From about the 9th century people thought that St.
Athanasius had written it.
Athanasus lived in the 4th century in Egypt.
Pioneer movements are movements for children and adolescents.
They were founded in countries where there is a Communist party.
Many of the ideas are taken from the scout movement.
In 1877 the British Army took control of Transvaal, and Kruger became the leader of the resistance (the people who wanted to fight British control).
On 30 December 1880, the government of the South African Republic (Transvaal) elected (chose) him to be president.
In 1881 Kruger negotiated (talked with the enemy) to agree the peace.
Edward Giacomin (born June 6, 1939 in Sudbury, Ontario) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the New York Rangers and Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League, as well as for the Providence Reds of the American Hockey League.
Giacomin's sweater number, #1, was the second one retired by the Rangers, after Rod Gilbert.
According to hockey legends, Sevigny was quoted as saying that Guy Lafleur would have Wayne Gretzky in his back pocket during the 1981 playoffs, a quote that motivated the Oilers team to victory over the fabled Habs.
Te Deum is close in theology to the Apostles' Creed.
It has both a poetic view of the heavenly liturgy with a declaration of faith.
Te Deum then returns to its creedal formula, singing about Christ and remembering His birth, suffering, and glorification.
Darwin translated the work of Carolus Linnaeus from Latin to English.
The books explain how plants are classified.
Darwin was friends with many important scientists and businessmen, in the Lunar Society.
Darwin wrote poems against slavery.
He was a generous man, he helped people who had no money.
2,108,419 people lived in Kowloon in 2011.
94.2% of Kowloon's residents are Chinese.
Smaller groups include Indonesians (1.8%), Filipinos (1.5%), Indians (0.5%), Nepalese (0.4%), and White people (0.3%).
86% of the people in Kowloon usually speak in Cantonese, 2.3% use English and 1.2% use Mandarin.
Pinstriping (long vertical stripes along uniforms) were created in the 19th century.
They were first worn on some major league baseball team's uniforms in 1907.
The pinstripes were soon widened in 1912, so that people could see them more easily.
During its height (about 950–c.1130) the Cluniac movement was one of the largest religious forces in Europe.
Among the most notable reform supporters were Pope Urban II, Lambert of Hersfeld and Abbot Richard of Saint Vannes at Verdun.
The Cluniacs were supporters of the Peace of God concept, as well as pilgrimages to the Holy Lands.
If formula_5 is an integer (formula_6), we use Pascal's triangle.
The Constitution of Pakistan gives freedom of religion for individuals of different faiths and sects.
Other religions followed in Pakistan include Christianity, Sikhism, Zoroastrianism, Baha'i Faith, Ahmadiyya, Buddhism, Judaism and others.
Aisne had a population, in 2014, of 539,783, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Laon, with 165,489 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with the most inhabitants.
Allier had a population, in 2014, of 343,062, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Vichy, with 122,267 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
During World War II, the department was occupied by the fascist Italy.
Alpes-de-Haute-Provence had a population, in 2014, of 161,588, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Forcalquier, with 88,333 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Hautes-Alpes had a population, in 2013, of 139,883, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Gap, with 104,131 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Ardennes had a population, in 2014, of 279,715, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Charleville-Mézières, with 160,939 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Ariège has a population, in 2014, of 152,574, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Pamiers, with 73,702 inhabitants, is by far the one with more inhabitants.
The other two, Foix and Saint-Girons, have respectively 51,473 and 27,399 inhabitants.
The Ariège plain is the most fertile area of the department; here farmers grow maize, wheat, sunflower and other crops.
The other natural regions are not good for agriculture and are covered with forests or are used for pastures for sheep, cattle and horses.
Aube had a population, in 2014, of 308,094, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Troyes, with 225,184 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The Aude department has a population, in 2014, of 365,478, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Carcassonne, with 161,442 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two arrondissements, Limoux and Narbonne, have respectively 44,467 and 159,569 inhabitants.
Most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction.
See condensation reactions in polymer chemistry.
An alcohol and a carboxylic acid react to form a carboxylic ester.
The price of an evening gown ao dai is reasonable, but may be expensive depending on the choice of fabric and the dressmaker.
Because of the light transparent fabrics, people who wear áo dài should wear light underwear.
In 2003 Jörg Schirottke was known with the nickname Kano in the former Knoppix-Forum (no more available).
The distribution derived from Scriptpage for Knoppix .
He wrote about Knoppix: I like it much, but I had to improve it :).
So he did.
One of the main differences from Knoppix was the support of hard disk installation.
The first Kanotix-preview was released at 24 December 2003 KANOTIX XMAS 2003 PREVIEW.
In 2004 and 2005 KANOTIX was a popular distribution ranking in the top 20 of distrowatch.com.
In 2004 the releases were named Bug Hunter (Bug Hunter-01-2004 - X-2004).
After problems with the stability in 2006 Jörg Kano Schirottke decided to move from Debian Sid to a less volatile basis.
CNR.com also provides access to thousands of Web-based Applications, providing the Linux community with the option of local Linux and Web Software, available through a single source (as of February 2008).
It contains applications for desktop users like OpenOffice.org, Nepali GNOME and KDE desktops, and a way for people to type Nepali text.
Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) is a heavy rail public rapid transit system that serves the San Francisco Bay Area in northern California.
It joins the cities of the East Bay, including Oakland, with San Francisco.
Construction began in 1964.
The first trains began running on September 11, 1972.
The Massacres of Foibe are the mass killings in which the majority of victims were ethnic Italians in 1943, after the capitulation of Italy on 8 September, and in 1945, when Yugoslav partisans under the command of Tito occupied parts of Venezia Giulia, Istria and Dalmatia.
Historians have claimed the violence and consequent Italian Istrian-Dalmatian exodus was a planned ethnic cleansing.
National Memorial Day of the Exiles and Foibe is Italian celebration in memory of the victims.
The killings beginning after the capitulation of Italy in 1943, and the massacres of 1945 occurred partly under conditions of guerrilla fighting of Slovenian and Croatian partisans with the German and remaining Italian Fascist forces, and partially after the occupation of the territory by the army formations of Yugoslavia.
Killings may have included war crimes as well as civilian crimes of private or political retaliation, as well as political cleansing and planned ethnic cleansing since 1947.
Also Italian communists with Slav partisans killed Italian people; in addition to the foibe, several other carnages committed by Italian communist partisans under Palmiro Togliatti's command in the resistance movement have remained unacknowledged and undiscussed for many years.
Many Italian sources claim that these killings were ethnic cleansing and genocide: Italian people were forced to mass migration by Tito supporters.
Zara was the capital of the Venetian Dalmatia, a role that it has maintained through the successive centuries (during WWII it was the capital of the Italian Governatorato di Dalmazia).
The cultural influence from the Italian peninsula is extremely important in Dalmatia since the Roman times.
It has increased to influence totally the dalmatian culture during the times of the Republic of Venice and the Italian Renaissance.
Perasto was at its peak in the 18th century under the Republic of Venice, when it had as many as four active shipyards, a fleet of around one hundred ships, and 1,643 residents.
At that time the most beautiful buildings arose in this fortified town.
Many ornate baroque palaces and magnificent dwelling-houses decorated the town of Perast (Perasto), full of typical venetian architecture.
The sailormen of Perasto were involved in the last battle of the Venitian navy, fought in Venice in 1797 .
Historically, the language had a much larger population than it does now.
Italians have lived on the Adriatic coast for hundreds of years, and Istria was part of the Kingdom of Italy from 1919 until 1947.
However the Istrian exodus after the Second World War and Yugoslavian ethnic cleansing in the form of the Foibe massacres forced the greater part of the Istrian Italians to flee to Italy.
Lorenz began his studies in 1922 at Columbia University, but he returned to Vienna in 1923 to continue his studies at the University of Vienna until 1928.
At this university he became an assistant professor from 1928 to 1935.
Together with Niko Tinbergen, Lorenz formed the idea of an innate releasing mechanism to explain instinctive behaviors (fixed action patterns).
Building on the ideas of William McDougall, Lorenz developed this into a psychohydraulic explanation of the motives (reasons) of behavior.
Another contribution is his work on imprinting.
His influence on a younger generation of ethologists, as well as his books, were important in bringing ethology to the attention of the general public.
The Soanian is an archaeological site that comes from the early stone age.
The name comes from the Soan Valley in the Sivalik Hills in Pakistan.
The people who lived on this site were probably Homo erectus, the first people to control fire.
A slowdown strike is when the workers are still working, but very slowly.
It is usually done when workers are not allowed to have a full strike.
The Parma wallaby (Macropus parma) is the smallest of the macropus genus.
It can grow up to 52 cm in length, with a tail about the same length.
They weigh up to 5 kg.
The Parma wallaby's fur is a grey-brown colour on the back with a dark stripe.
It has a white stripe on its face, and a white belly.
With the First World War, these ententes were not military agreements - but they later involved the military because of the problems between the Triple Alliance and the Triple Entente.
The Triple Entente became a military alliance.
In 1915, Italy left the Triple Alliance, and from 1916 fought against Germany.
The Russian revolution in October 1917 meant that Russia left the alliance, but the military alliance between France and the UK lasted until 1940, when Nazi Germany invaded France.
As normally showed, a family tree grows down from the top, from the oldest generations at the top to the newer generations at the bottom.
A tree showing the descendants of an individual (illustration right) will more closely look like a tree in shape; one showing the ancestors of an individual (illustration below in The Family Tree of Sigmund) will be wider at the top than the bottom.
When looking at the closer to the bottom of the tree, it will show more recent generations, and when looking farther up, there will be older generations.
Thus by survival of the fittest, the militant type of society becomes characterized by profound confidence in the governing power, joined with a loyalty causing submission to it in all matters whatever.
Herbert Spencer (27 April 1820 – 8 December 1903) was an English philosopher, and a prominent liberal political and social theorist of the Victorian era.
A national sport is a sport or game that was invented and firstly played by citizens of the same country or nation.
It also means the game or sport has a long history of popularity in the country or nation.
Recent publications have given an overview of the 150 years of research into co-evolution after the Origin of species.
3.
interactions among species differ among environments in their ecological outcomes.
The length of the antennae is an obvious feature of their body.
Their long antennae sprout from tubercles on the face.
Cerambycids with short antennae still have the tubercles.
Otherwise they vary greatly in size, shape, sculpture, and colour.
The Stanley Cup Finals was decided between the top two teams during the 1988–89 NHL regular season.
Captain Lanny McDonald scored the second Flames goal in Game 6.
This turned out to be the last goal in his NHL Hall of Fame career because he retired during the following off-season.
Doug Gilmour scored two goals in the third period, including the eventual game and Cup winner to cement the victory for the Flames.
In this example, parents have the genotype Bb (capital letters show dominant alleles and lower-case letters to show recessive alleles).
If B (capital) is found in their genotype, the flower will be red.
Therefore, the only time a flower is not red is when the genotype is bb (there are no capital 'B's).
Hamilton was born at Lister Hospital in Stevenage, England, He was named after American sprinter Carl Lewis.
His mother, Carmen Larbalestier (now Carmen Lockhart) is British.
His father's parents emigrated from Grenada to the United Kingdom in the 1950s.
Hamilton's parents separated when he was two.
At first he lived with his mother.
When Hamilton was twelve, he started living with his father, Anthony.
Hamilton was raised Roman Catholic.
In October 2007, Hamilton announced his intention to live in Switzerland.
He said this was to avoid the media scrutiny in the United Kingdom.
Hamilton later admitted on the television show Parkinson, that taxation was part of the reason for his decision.
Hamilton was publicly criticised by UK MPs, including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell, for avoiding UK taxes.
He settled in Luins in Vaud canton on Lake Geneva.
Hamilton's first season in Formula One saw him partner two-time and defending World Champion Fernando Alonso.
Hamilton is the first and, , the only black driver to race in the series.
After finishing on the podium in his debut, Hamilton went on to set several records as he finished runner-up in the World Drivers' Championship to Kimi Räikkönen by one point, including those for the most consecutive podium finishes from debut (9), the joint most wins in a debut season (4) and the most points in a debut season (109).
Throughout the season, Hamilton and Alonso were involved in a number of incidents which resulted in tensions between both drivers and the team, culminating in Alonso and McLaren terminating their contract by mutual consent in November.
Following a successful first season at McLaren, Hamilton signed a multi-million-pound contract to stay with the team until 2012.
Hamilton's success continued in 2008 as he amassed five victories and ten podium finishes.
As the season reached its conclusion in Brazil, it became a clear two-way fight for the title between the home favourite Felipe Massa and the young Briton.
Hamilton won his first title in dramatic fashion in the last race of the season, the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix, overtaking Timo Glock for fifth position in the final corners of the last lap to become the then-youngest Formula One World Champion in history and to deny race-winner Massa the title by one point.
This made Hamilton the first British driver to win the World Championship since Damon Hill in 1996.
Following Rosberg's retirement, Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel became Hamilton's closest rival as the pair exchanged the championship lead throughout in a tense title fight.
Hamilton registered 11 pole positions that season as he took the record for the all-time most pole positions, and his consistency (finishing every race in the points), as well as a lack of a serious challenge from his new teammate Valtteri Bottas, saw him record nine race victories and secure his fourth World Drivers' title as he overturned a points deficit to Vettel in the first half of the season, ultimately wrapping the title up in Mexico with two races to spare.
Shimon Peres (; born Szymon Perski; 2 August 1923 – 28 September 2016) was a Polish-born Israeli statesman.
He was the President of the State of Israel.
Peres served twice as the Prime Minister of Israel.
He also served as Interim Prime Minister twice.
Peres has been a member of 12 cabinets.
His political career spanned over 66 years.
In many racing sports an athlete will compete (take part) in a time trial.
This is when the athlete races over a course as fast as he can.
In cross country skiing and biathlon competitions, a skier will start every 30 to 60 seconds.
These are called interval starts.
In cycling a time trial (TT) can be a single track race, or an individual time trial on the road.
Time trials are often a part of a stage race, for example the Tour de France.
With a population of 9,127 (2014), Sarlat-la-Canéda has a population density of inhabitants/km.
On August 14, a closed low-level circulation nearly developed to the east of Key Largo, Florida, but because of the deep convection remaining to the north over the mid-level center, it was weakened.
The mid-level storm continued going westward and it moved across Florida.
After crossing Florida, Hurricane Hunters showed a poor circulation, but with winds higher than tropical storm strength, and the system was designated as Tropical Storm Erika late on August 14 while located 85 miles (135 km) west of Fort Myers.
With a population of 27,764 (2014), Bergerac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Big 12 also has 13 associate members, all of which play one sport in the conference.
North Carolina State University is a public university in Raleigh, North Carolina.
It has about 31,000 students.
Sports teams from North Carolina State University are called the Wolfpack.
This is because, in 1921, somebody was angry at the university's football team.
He thought that they acted like wolves.
The University of Kansas is a public university in Lawrence, a hilly city in northeastern Kansas.
It is often abbreviated as KU.
It was named one of the best business schools in the Midwest by Princeton Review.
The KU School of Business has been credited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) for its undergraduate and graduate programs in business and accounting.
The KU Edwards Campus is in Overland Park, Kansas.
It was created in 1993.
It was created in order to provide adults with a chance to get college degrees and to get better education.
About 2,000 students go there.
The average age of the students is 31.
The Edwards campus provides programs developmental psychology, public administration, social work, systems analysis, engineering management and design.
Two of the MW's first members, plus one school that joined later, are no longer in the conference.
He reached the semi finals of Wimbledon many times, the first British tennis player to do so since the 1970s.
He reached six grand slam semi finals and won eleven titles in his career.
He once was ranked number four in the world.
Henman moved up the rankings very fast.
By 1994, one year after becoming professional, he was 200th in the world.
By 1996 he was in the top thirty.
In 1995 he became the first player ever to be disqualified from the Wimbledon tournament.
Because he was angry during a match he hit the ball very hard at a ball girl and it hit her on the head.
The Federal Government of Pakistan lays claim to the entire creek as per paras 9 and 10 of the Bombay Government Resolution of 1914 signed between the then provincial Government of Sindh and Rao Maharaj, then the ruler of the former Princely state of Kutch.
It lives in the Indian subcontinent and nearby countries.
In Pakistan's coastal regions of the Makran and delta marshlands of Sindh, it is known as the Indus crocodile.
The name Mugger is a corruption of the Hindi word magar which means water monster.
It is one of three crocodilians in India, the others are the saltwater crocodile (C.
porosus) and gharial (Gavialis gangeticus).
In geometry, an equilateral triangle is a triangle where all three sides are the same length and all three angles are also the same and are each 60°.
Aránzazu (Arantxa) Isabel Maria Sanchez Vicario (born 18 December 1971, in Barcelona, Spain) is a retired Spanish professional tennis player.
During her career, she won 4 Grand Slam singles titles and 6 Grand Slam doubles titles.
Bill is a male name.
The club colours of Rangers F.C.
are royal blue, white and red.
The United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II.
It was the direct precursor to the United States Air Force, established in 1947.
At its peak strength in 1944, the USAAF had over 2.4 million men and women in service, nearly 80,000 aircraft and 783 permanent bases, and operated from more than 2,000 airfields worldwide.
Apollo 11 was the first flight to send people to the moon.
It was done by NASA, the American space group.
According to the local press in November 2007, the new SNP council have drawn up a Top Ten Hit List on 'eyesore' buildings in the town, and their owners and have revealed plans to crack down hard on property owners who have left their buildings fall into disrepair.
A plan of action is being carried out to get something done with each of these sites.
Many of the buildings in disrepair are irreplaceable listed buildings such as the former ABC cinema (previously the King's Theatre) on Titchfield Street.
As of the mid-2020 estimate, Falkirk had a population of 35,590, with a density of 3,197/km2.
The town is part of the Stirling and Falkirk council area in Scotland, United Kingdom, with the post town and postcode district being Falkirk (FK1, FK2) and the dialing code 01324.
El Gato Negro (in English “The Black Cat) is the name of two fictional superheroes that appear in comic books published by Azteca Productions.
Created by Richard Dominguez, both characters made their first appearance in El Gato Negro #1.
The current El Gato Negro is Francisco Guerrero, grandson to the original El Gato Negro.
He adopted the superhero identity after his best friend was killed in a brutal murder.
The Gutenberg Bible (also known as the 42-line Bible or the Mazarin Bible) is a printed version of the Latin Vulgate translation of the Bible that was printed by Johannes Gutenberg, in Mainz, Germany in the 15th century.
Although it is not the first book to be printed by Gutenberg's new movable type system, it is his major work, and of central importance for the start of the Gutenberg Revolution and the Age of the Printed Book.
It is a very rare and expensive book.
Fewer than 200 were made, and 49 complete or nearly complete ones are known.
It has 1286 pages.
It was created in 1947.
In the French language it is called Fédération Mondiale du Jeu de Dames (FMJD).
Ohio State's main urban campus is in Columbus.
It has a size of 1755 acres, and it is about north of the city's downtown.
Four buildings are currently listed on the National Register of Historic Places: Enarson Hall, Hayes Hall, Ohio Stadium, and Orton Hall.
Architecture on the Ohio State campus is a mix of traditional, modern, and post-modern styles.
The William Oxley Thompson Memorial Library is located at the west end of The Oval.
It is the Ohio State library's main branch, and it is the largest of the school's branches.
The school's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus.
There are eight other branches in other locations, and the system has fifty-five branches and collections in all.
The Wexner Center for the Arts is at the east end of The Oval.
It was designed by the architects Peter Eisenman of New York and Richard Trott of Columbus, and it opened in 1989.
The center was built mostly from a twenty-five million dollar gift from Ohio State graduate Leslie Wexner.
Part of its design was to honor to the armory (military storage location) that was replaced with the Wexner Center.
Its deconstructivist architecture makes known as one of the most important buildings of its generation, but the design makes it less than ideal to show many of the art displays.
The main, permanent work kept in the center is Picasso's Nude on a Black Armchair, a forty-five million dollar painting that Wexner gave to Ohio State.
Ohio Union is on the east side of The Oval, and at the south side is another, smaller grassy area known as The South Oval.
The west side is contains Browning Amphitheatre and Mirror Lake.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis over the year.
This is awarded to the doubles team who the WTA think has played the best tennis over the year.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has improved the most over the year.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis in their first season as a professional.
This is awarded to the player who the WTA think has played the best tennis after coming back from a long break from playing.
The present structure was begun under the direction of Bishop Reginald de Bohun, who died in 1184.
King John was excommunicated between 1209 and 1213.
During this time, work on the cathedral was suspended.
In this period, building methods advanced so that bigger blocks of masonry could be moved and put into the walls.
The effect of this advance can be seen on the walls of the cathedral; at a point in the building's walls, the blocks of stone increase in size.
Bishop Ralph of Shrewsbury followed.
He continued the eastward extension of the quire.
He also built Vicars' Close and the Vicars' Hall, to give the men of the choir a secure place to live and dine, away from the town with all its temptations.
These limestone beds were deposited during Lower Cretaceous epoch.
Purbeck Marble is not a metamorphic rock, like a true marble, but is so-called because it can take a fine polish.
The first version of the CCHA was launched in 1971 by four schools—Bowling Green, Ohio, Ohio State, and Saint Louis.
They would add Lake Superior State a year later, but lost the two Ohio schools in 1973.
The CCHA recovered from this early blow in 1975 when Ohio State returned and Western Michigan joined for the first time.
Saint Louis would stop playing hockey in 1979, but the Billikens were immediately replaced by Ferris State.
In the last years of the decade, the CCHA became viewed as a major conference, and by 1980 Northern Michigan, which had joined in 1977, reached the championship game of the NCAA tournament.
Later that year, another Ohio school, Miami, joined.
In 1981, the CCHA attracted four schools from the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA)—Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech, and Notre Dame.
While Notre Dame shut down its men's hockey team in 1983, and Michigan Tech left the following year to return to the WCHA, the other two schools remained in the CCHA until the original league folded.
UIC joined in 1982.
The CCHA continued to gain respect, with Bowling Green becoming the CCHA's first NCAA champion in 1984.
The league stayed mostly stable through the 1990s.
In 1992, Kent State joined, and Notre Dame brought back its hockey program and rejoined.
While Kent State folded its hockey team two years later, and UIC did the same in 1996, the CCHA added three more members in that decade.
Alaska joined in 1995, Northern Michigan returned the same year, and Nebraska–Omaha (now known for sports as simply Omaha) joined in 1999.
From that point, the league lost only one member (Nebraska–Omaha to the WCHA in 2010) before its demise.
Throughout its history, the original CCHA only sponsored men's ice hockey—only one of its 11 final members had a varsity women's hockey team, namely Ohio State.
The champion was automatically invited to the NCAA Division I men's hockey tournament.
When Ned was about nine, his father moved the family north to a new farm at Avenel.
Ned saved a young boy, Richard Shelton, from drowning in Hughes Creek.
The Shelton family, who owned the Royal Mail Hotel, gave Ned a sash made from green silk for his bravery.
The sash was long and wide.
He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured at Glenrowan.
The sash, still covered in Ned Kelly's blood, is now kept in the Benalla Museum.
Red was not a successful farmer and was soon arrested for stealing cattle.
In May 1866, he was given one month in prison and had to pay a fine of £25.
Red died on 27 December 1866, and is buried in the Avenel Cemetery.
Ned Kelly was taken to the Melbourne Gaol where he was treated for his wounds.
He was visited by his mother who was in the same prison for wounding Constable Fitzpatrick.
In August he was taken back to Beechworth by train for the first court hearings.
The court agreed that Kelly would be tried in court for the murder of Thomas Lonigan and Michael Scanlon at Stringybark Creek.
The government thought people around Beechworth might not find Kelly guilty of the crimes, and so they had the trial moved to Melbourne.
At the trial the jury found Kelly guilty of both murders.
He was sentenced to death by the Irish-born judge Sir Redmond Barry with the words May God have mercy on your soul.
Kelly said I will go a little further than that, and say I will see you there when I go.
Ben left home and began work on many cattle farms along the Lachlan River.
He was known as a hard-working and honest stockman.
By May 1865, Hall decided to leave New South Wales.
But a man, Mick 'Goobang' Coneley, who had once given the gang help, told the police where Hall was hiding.
During the night a group of eight policemen found Hall sleeping under a tree at Billabong Creek, near Forbes.
The police were armed with double-barrelled shotguns and rifles.
Led by Sub-Inspector Davidson, the police placed themselves in a large circle around Ben Hall's camp.
When he woke up at dawn on 5 May 1865, Hall was shot 30 times as he tried to run away.
A newspaper report said his body was riddled with bullets.
He did not shoot his pistol once.
The first rifle shots of the police cut his belt in two, and his guns fell to the ground.
Goobang Mick was given a £500 reward.
The police were given another £500 reward.
A text file is a computer file structured as a sequence of lines of electronic text.
Each line is a sequence of printable characters.
They can be opened and edited with Wordpad, Notepad, and other text editors.
Text files usually contain plain text and not binary data.
Whether it be a story, recipe, or even directions to Grandma's house, you can put it in a text file.
Bajaur Agency, Mohmand Agency, Khyber, Orakzai Agency, Kurram, North Waziristan, South Waziristan.
An academy (Greek ἀκαδημία) is an institution of higher learning, research, or honorary membership.
Filderstadt () is a town in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
It is about south of Stuttgart.
Saare Jahan se Achcha is a poem.
It was re-written in 1931.
It became a symbol of resistance to the English rule of British-occupied India.
The poem exists in different versions.
Saare Jahan Se Achchha () is one of the enduring patriotic poems of the Urdu language.
Written originally for children in the ghazal style of Urdu poetry by poet Muhammad Iqbal, the poem was published in the weekly journal Ittehad on 14 August 1931.
Recited by Iqbal the following year at Government College, Lahore, now in Pakistan, it quickly became an anthem of opposition to the British rule in India.
MINIX 3 was announced to the public on 24 October 2005 by Andrew Tanenbaum during his speech on top of the ACM Symposium Operating System Principles conference.
MINIX 3 currently supports only IA-32 architecture PC systems.
It has a Live CD format that lets it be used on a computer without installing it.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is an agency of the United States Department of Transportation with authority to regulate and oversee all aspects of civil aviation in the U.S.
The Federal Aviation Act of 1958 created the group under the name Federal Aviation Agency, and adopted its current name in 1967 when it became a part of the United States Department of Transportation.
The FAA is the single most influential government-run aviation agency in the world, with the European Aviation Safety Agency in a close second.
The NFL awarded the Joe F.
Carr Trophy (named for the league president, 1921-39) to the league's ABC from 1938 to 1946.
United Press International gave an NFL MVP Award from 1948 through 1969, excepting 1949-50, and 1952.
Beginning in 1970 UPI awarded separate awards for the NFC and AFC.
In 1975 UPI added a Defensive Player of the Year Award for both the NFC and AFC.
On February 15, 1999, Green agreed to a 4-year $17.5 million contract with the St.
Louis Rams which included a $4.5 million signing bonus.
In the additional voices part, Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, John Ratzenberger, Billy Crystal, John Goodman and Dave Foley reprise their roles from previous Pixar movies.
In fact, there's a scene during the credits where Mack watches car-versions of earlier Pixar hits, commenting on the fine actor in each scene before realizing it's the same actor playing different characters in each movie.
Bishara went to Syria in 2001.
He gave a speech at a memorial ceremony for Syrian President Hafez al-Assad where he showed support for Hezbollah.
When he got back to Israel, the government said that he was guilty of trying to cause violence and supporting a terrorist organization, as defined by Israel's Prevention of Terror Ordinance.
Court documents say that Bishara was questioned two times about the case.
During the second time, he said that he was going to leave Israel for a couple of days.
He said he would attend a third questioning session when he got back to Israel.
The Builder category has been in existence since the beginning of the Hall of Fame and the first builders were added in 1945.
A Builder is a person who has contributed to the development of the game of hockey, and as the name refers, one who has built the game forward.
Since then, 96 builders have been added.
For a person to be added to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder, they may be active or inactive and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee.
As of 2007, a maximum of two builders can be added in one year.
The suborder Suina (also known Suiformes) contains perhaps the earliest and most archaic even-toed ungulates.
Chakswari is well known for the existence of The Holy Pir.
It is most commonly known as Noshahi Pir who were part of the Muhammad family tree.
The Noshahi Haji Pir Ganj Baksh tomb is in Ralmal Sharif in Gujrat.
In the '90s, they were known for helping the people of Chakswari with things like poverty.
It is one of the most famous Sufi shrines in the region.
Chakswari also has lots of mosques, the main one being the Jamia Masjid located in the town.
There are other mosques too such as the Jamia-e-Haydar Masjid or Ghazi Hasan Masjid which owes its name to the 15th century Muslim warrior in the region, Raja Ghazi Hasan Khan.
The Great American Bash is an yearly summer professional wrestling pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment.
It was originally made by the National Wrestling Alliance and then by World Championship Wrestling.
However, according to Ric Flair in his autobiography, Dusty Rhodes invented The Great American Bash.
Accusations of culpability are related with crimes perpetrated during and after WWII, in pursuit of fleeing Nazi collaborators, such as the massacres of Foibe and Kočevski Rog butchery.
Mass graves are evidences of massacres; accusations of genocide and ethnic cleansing by historians.
Accusations of guilt in the Bleiburg massacre, the repression of the Croatian Catholic Church, and the crackdown on the Croatian Spring or MASPOK.
Accusation of Vojvodina massacre consists in retaliation against Germans and Hungarians citizen and supposed Chetnik Serbs but some historians consider these incidents also ethnic cleansing against Germans and Hungarians because during World War II, the German minority in occupied Yugoslavia enjoyed a status of superiority over the Yugoslav population.
The main actors in it are Jessica Alba, Brittany Murphy, Benicio Del Toro, Clive Owen, Mickey Rourke, Bruce Willis and Elijah Wood.
Sin City received mostly positive reviews.
The dorsal surface of the tiger shark is bluish-green to dark grey or black, and the belly is yellowish-white to pure white in colour.
The black spots and stripes of the tiger shark are more visible on young ones, and they fade as the shark matures.
A sandbox or sandpit is a small area filled with sand made for children to play in.
Sandboxes are often rectangular with wooden sides.
They can be installed in the gardens of homes.
Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles.
However, some animals use them for litter trays.
Sandboxes can be found in most elementary schools.
They can also be made of plastic, and in different shapes.
When Saul, the first King of Israel, disobeyed the Lord’s command to destroy Amalek, God sent an evil spirit in him to torment him.
David married Bathsheba, but ...the thing David had done displeased the LORD.
So, Nathan the prophet went and told him that he had done a very bad sin.
David saw he was guilty and was very sorry.
He said, I have sinned against the Lord.
Nathan told David that he was forgiven, and the LORD mercifully did not make David die, as the law said he must.
However, Nathan said that Bathsheba's first son, born as a result of their sins would die.
After Nathan had gone home, the child became sick and died.
David was very sad, but humbly accepted the results of his sin.
Bathsheba had another son, and they named him Solomon.
The LORD loved him, and said to name him Jedidah (it means loved by the LORD) This name showed that the LORD loved Solomon from when he was born, and also showed that the LORD still loved David, even though he had sinned.
There are articles on the Simple English Wikipedia.
All of the pages are free to use.
They have all been published under both the and the GNU Free Documentation License.
You can help here!You may change these pages and make new pages.
Read the and other to learn how to .
If you need help, you may ask questions at .
The number of Pidgin users is thought to be more than 3 million in 2007.
Chapter 2 of the epistle contains a famous poem telling who Christ is and what he did to save us.
Paul says we should follow this example of humble service.
In the Classical music period the serenade became a piece of music for a small orchestra or a group of several instruments.
They are similar to a symphony but lighter in character.
They are often the same as a divertimento.
Mozart wrote several serenades of this type, e.g.
his famous Eine kleine Nachtmusik.
Later composers such as Brahms also wrote orchestral serenades.
Other Romantic composers often wrote short instrumental works which they called “serenades.
Aubel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.
Bièvre is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.
Collins, along with Richard Mulcahy and Eoin O'Duffy decided on a series of seaborne landings into republican held areas.
They re-took Munster and the west in July–August 1922.
As part of this offensive, Collins travelled to his native Cork.
This was against the advice of his companions, and despite suffering from stomach ache and depression.
Collins is said to have told his comrades that They wouldn't shoot me in my own county.
Dinant is a municipality in the Belgian province of Namur.
Fexhe-le-Haut-Clocher is a municipality in the Belgian province of Liège.
In 2007, 3066 people lived there.
The most important business-sites and industrial estates are located to the north of Roeselare-city in Beveren and to the east along the canal Roeselare-Leie and the factory site ‘Mandeldal’.
The two medium size hospitals of Roeselare, a municipal and private one, are fused at the beginning of 2015 and got the name AZ Delta.
In 2007, 5737 people lived there.
Tournai is a municipality in the Belgian province of Hainaut, Wallonia.
Fort Abbas was formerly known as Pholra.
In 1927, Nawab Sir Sadiq Abbasi changed this name and gave it the name of his elder son, Muhammad Abbas.
Historically it's part of Abbasi state Bahawalpur.
Once River Ghagra passed through and the city was on the bank of the river.
Now nothing is there, even the city fort is demolished.
Darya Khan is a town and tehsil of Bhakkar District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
The tehsil of Darya Khan is subdivided into 8 Union Councils of Pakistan, two of which form the town of Darya Khan itself.
One of Town Union Council name is Union Council Bangyal Abdad.
Pulwama () is a town and a notified area committee in Pulwama District in the Kashmir.
The Corvette C2 was the second Corvette model.
The C2 was first built in 1963 and was made until 1967.
The C2 was the first Corvette that could be bought as a coupé.
The C2 was also the first Corvette to only offer V8 engines.
The C2 became known as the Corvette Sting Ray.
The C2 was much better and more advanced than the C1.
The C2 features more powerful engines, better suspension, and faster speeds.
Because of this, the C2 sold much better than the C1, and the Corvette was no longer in danger of not being made anymore.
Rohri Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
The town of Rohri is the capital.
Super Bowl XXXIV (or Super Bowl 34) was a Super Bowl game between the St.
Louis Rams and the Tennessee Titans in the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1999 regular season.
The Rams won against the Titans 23–16.
The game was played on January 30, 2000 at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
Both teams did not play well early on in the game. St.
Louis went inside the Red zone (the final 20 yards) of Tennessee's half six times in the first half, but only scored four times - three field goals, and one touchdown.
They missed one field goal try, and had to abort another due to a bad snap.
Tennessee also missed a field goal in the fist half.
This gave St Louis a 16-0 lead at half time.
St.
Louis then scored in just one play to take the lead again, 23-16, with fewer than two minutes left.
In sports, a season is the part of one year that games of that sport are played.
For example, in Major League Baseball, one season lasts about from April to September, that is the time of the year that baseball teams play their games.
The ISB stromatolites predate by over 215 million years the previous evidence for oldest life remains: stromatolites in the 3,480 million year old Dresser Formation of the Pilbara craton in Western Australia.
In botany, an herbarium is the building where the specimens are stored, or the scientific institute that not only stores but researches these specimens.
A dried plant mounted on a sheet also is an herbarium.
In architecture, a folly is a building usually constructed strictly for aesthetic pleasure.
Originally, buildings were made to provide shelter or to house people.
Follies are just decoration; they no longer have a building's original function.
Seeger and Toshi had four children.
He was an active as a musician and as a spokesperson for important matters, like the environment, alternative fuels, and people who need a champion to support them.
His wife Toshi Seeger died on July 9, 2013.
Seeger lived in New York City.
This sudden series of Allied defeats allowed the Regia Marina to achieve naval supremacy in the central Mediterranean, her supply routes were almost untouched by the enemy for several months.
This is the beginning of nearly one year in which the Mediterranean sea was effectively an Italian Mare Nostrum.
Don Knotts and Frances Bavier won a combined total of six Emmy Awards.
Knotts left the show at the end of its fifth black and white season.
Before joining NASA, Glenn was a distinguished fighter pilot in World War II, the Chinese Civil War and the Korean War.
He shot down three MiG-15s, and was awarded six Distinguished Flying Crosses and eighteen Air Medals.
In 1957, he made the first supersonic transcontinental flight across the United States.
His on-board camera took the first continuous, panoramic photograph of the United States.
The split of the line into humans and chimpanzees (known as human-chimpanzee divergence) probably happened between 6.3 and 5.4 million years ago.
This can be seen from genetic data.
Because the fossil is older than this spilt, its status is unclear.
The first fossil found is known as Toumaï today.
One study has suggested a much earlier split between the line which led to modern apes, and the line which led to modern humans.
US Airways, Inc.
was an airline that used to be owned by the US Airways Group, Inc.
US Airways was previously known as USAir.
It was the sixth largest airline in the United States.
Its headquarters were in Tempe, Arizona.
US Airways owned 357 large jet aircraft and 329 smaller planes that flew to 240 places in North America, Central America, the Caribbean, Hawaii, and Europe.
In May 2008, US Airways had 36,632 people working for them in the world and flew 3,512 flights each day.
The US in US Airways stands for United States.
US Airways had many flights from Charlotte, North Carolina, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Phoenix, Arizona.
US Airways also ran smaller numbers of flights from Washington, DC, Las Vegas, Nevada, New York City, and Boston, Massachusetts.
The airline also had the US Airways Shuttle.
It's a brand which operates frequent flights between cities in the northeast part of the United States.
Other companies operate short flights for US Airways, which are called US Airways Express.
After the AA combination, the brand is now known as the American Shuttle.
All songs written by Fran Healy, except where noted.
Backing vocals provided by Julia Stone.
Choa Saidan shah is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
It is at 32°43'0N 72°59'0E.
It is named after a man who was a famous Sufi.
It's famous for its springs and lakes.
Choa Saidan Shah is one of the few villages that have facilities like hospitals, schools, and colleges.
There are many famous people, like Umar Haseeb, a famous footballer.
Banks usually impose a credit limit.
Suppose, there are 1000 dollars on the account.
If the client does not have a special agreement with the bank, he cannot take out more money than there is on the account; so he can withdraw() a maximum of 1000 dollars.
He might have an agreement with the bank, so he can borrow money from the bank (but has to pay a fee).
In that case, he might be able to withdraw 1500 dollars (or 2000 dollars).
So the withdraw method has to do a lot of checks as described above.
Konkan is a part of India.
It on the west coast of India.
The coastal areas of Maharashtra, Goa and Karnataka are all part of Konkan region.
Rick is unlikeable, and so selfish that he believes he is the most popular member of the flat even though his housemates really hate him.
Vyvyan describes Rick's name as being spelled with a silent P.
Although the other members dislike and ignore Rick, he is heard to say that they really are terrific friends.
While he sees himself as an anarchist, he likes the ideas of Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky and states his interest in them in several episodes.
However, he claims to dislike Margaret Thatcher, as is noted by his efforts threatening to blow up England with a bomb in the episode Bomb if she does not do something to help the kids, by this afternoon.
This is also noticed in The Young Ones Book, first published by Sphere Books, where negative references are made to Thatcher and the Conservative Party.
On 28 April 1855 Napoleon survived an attempted assassination.
On 14 January 1858 Napoleon and his wife escaped another assassination attempt, plotted by Felice Orsini.
Muridke Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Sheikhupura District, Punjab, Pakistan.
The tehsil was formerly part of Ferozewala Tehsil until 2005, when it was separated from Ferozewal and became another of Sheikhupura's tehsils.
It is headquartered at the city of Muridke.
Besides various villages it includes the town of Narang Mandi.
The 'Ravi Rayon' factory complex is very famous industry in Muridke.
Guanacos generally live at high elevations, grazing on grasses and browsing on leaves and buds.
The University of Cambridge (also called Cambridge University) is in Cambridge, England.
It is the second-oldest university in all English-speaking countries.
It is one of the world's leading places of learning.
One of the main aims of the University of Cambridge is to do scientific research.
All the departments are always studying and discovering new things.
Many important people have done research in Cambridge.
This is because the university has a lot of money and resources like laboratories and books.
It had £283.7 M in 2011 to spend on research; this was mainly given by the UK Government and the European Commission.
The Malir River () is in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
It flows through the city of Karachi from north east to the centre before flowing into the Arabian Sea.
Two smaller rivers flow into the Malir, the Thadho and the Sukhan.
The Kabul river itself is little more than a trickle for most of the year, but swells in summer due to melting snows.
Its largest tributary is the Kunar River, which starts out as the Mastuj River, flowing from the Chiantar glacier in Chitral, Pakistan and once it flows south into Afghanistan it is met by the Bashgal river flowing from Nurestan.
The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad.
In spite of the Kunar carrying more water than the Kabul, the river continues as the Kabul River after this confluence, mainly for the political and historical significance of the name.
The band's biggest hits have been Judith, Weak and Powerless, and The Outsider.
They have released the albums Mer De Noms, Thirteenth Step, and Emotive.
Character Builders, Inc.
Disgustipated is track 69 on most pressings in North America (causing most CD players upon reaching the end of track 9 to advance through tracks 10-68, which contain no data, at a rate of about 2 per second until track 69 is reached).
It also appears as track 39, track 10 (mostly in Europe) or as a hidden track following Flood on track 9.
On certain Japanese imports, Disgustipated is track 70, with a short live version of Flood as track 71.
After a few seconds, the device will appear in Imaging Devices.
In USB Controllers there will be an entry called Microsoft Xbox 360 Live Vision Security Method 3.
This indicates the camera is installed and ready for use.
Coulomb's law explains the scale between two electric charges.
The scale of electrostatic force follows the function below.
formula_4 and formula_5 are the scales of each electric charge.
formula_6 is the distance between the two electric charges.
And formula_7 has a certain value.
It does not change relative to formula_4, formula_5 or formula_6.
While formula_11 remains constant, when multiples of formula_4 and formula_5 become bigger, the electrostatic force will also get bigger.
When the distance formula_6 becomes bigger, the electrostatic force will become smaller by the ratio of formula_3.
The third line of soldiers, the Triarii, had a hasta, a two meter long spear.
They were also armed with the gladius and had an early form of the lorica segmenta or iron band armor.
All legionaries had a large rectangular shield, the scutum, which had rounded corners.
Tierpark Hagenbeck (translated as Animal park of Hagenbeck) is the name of the largest zoo in Hamburg, Germany.
The park was founded by Carl Hagenbeck in 1907.
His father was a fishmonger (a person who buys and sells fish).
It was the first zoo in the world to use moats (a moat is a large hole or trench.
Animals do not dare cross it).
With a population of 1,734, Largentière has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It is the second smallest subprefecture in France after Castellane in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department that has only 1,541 inhabitants (2014).
Scottish Folds usually live for around 15 years.
April 2, 2006 was the 50th anniversary of the soap opera on CBS.
The show aired its 13,000th episode April 23, 2007; the 10,000th episode aired on May 12, 1995.
As the World Turns is well known for having been taped in New York City for all of its 52 years on television (43 years in Manhattan and nine years in Brooklyn).
Infections get into open blossoms and tender new shoots and leaves in the spring when blossoms are open.
There is no known cure; prevention is the key.
As time passed, the gap between rich and poor increased.
Frank Fontaine created charity organizations to support the underclass.
His goal was to use his charity organizations to manipulate the poor.
He also made a smuggling operation to supply citizens with forbidden items from the surface, such as religious material.
These, along with his control of the plasmid industry, made him immensely powerful.
He tried to overthrow Ryan, but the revolt was violently crushed and Fontaine was said to be dead.
Ryan seized control of Fontaine's plasmid business.
Within a few months, a new figure named Atlas rose as the leader of the disgruntled lower class.
On New Year's Eve of 1959, Atlas and his ADAM-infused followers began a new revolt against Ryan that spread throughout Rapture.
Ryan in turn began splicing his own forces, and his paranoia had reached such a level he was hanging dozens of people, mostly innocent, in Rapture's main square.
In order to solve ADAM shortages, the Little Sisters were mentally conditioned to wander the city and extract ADAM from the dead, recycling it into raw ADAM in their stomachs after swallowing it.
Big Daddies, enhanced and mentally sterilized humans in armored diving suits, were created by Dr.
Suchong, the scientist behind many plasmids, to protect the Little Sisters in their work.
A green background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war World Manufacturers' Championship.
According to a very ancient Christian tradition, Emmaus is today's Arab village of Amwas, which lies 160 stadia (30 km, 19 miles) to the West of Jerusalem.
It can take 6 to 7 hours to come from Jerusalem to Emmaus on foot, if one walks across the mountains of Judea.
The place was called Nicopolis during the 3d-7th centuries AD.
During Byzantine times, two big Basilicas (churches) where built here with beautiful mosaics and a baptistry (a place for baptism).
Suceava () is a county (judeţ) of Romania in the historical regions Moldavia and Bukovina.
The capital of Suceava County is Suceava.
To represent numbers from 1,000 to 999,999 the same letters are reused to serve as thousands, tens of thousands, and hundreds of thousands.
A left keraia (Unicode U+0375, ‘Greek Lower Numeral Sign’) is put in front of thousands to distinguish.
Nathia Gali has been declared a wildlife sanctuary by the Government.
Monkeys, leopards and variety of other birds and animals are common in the forest surrounding Nathia Gali.
Monkeys’ foraging on trees is not an uncommon sight in Nathia Gali.
Phallah Village is on the Lora Road.
Petanque is a game played by many people, especially in France.
It is played on a level surface which can be covered with gravel of varying sizes.Boules [metal balls] are thrown along this terrain.
The game is played between two teams.
Each team has three players [triples] with 2 boules each.
At the start of the game, a small ball [coche or jack] is thrown.
Each player stands in a circle and tries to throw a larger ball [boule] so that it lands close to the coche.The team having their boule or boules closest to the coche at the first end takes the points.
Play continues until one team reaches 13.
Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda, a moon of Uranus.
The cliff has been estimated at 5 kilometers (3 mi) and 20 kilometers (12.4 mi) high, making it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.
The northernmost point of the province (and also of Belgium) is in Meersel-Dreef with the coordinates .
80-90% of women around the world are thought to have cellulite, and most doctors think that it is the normal condition of many women.
The appearance of cellulite has been linked to hormonal changes, changes in diet, stress, and poor blood circulation.
Cellulite has little to do with weight.
Both slim people and overweight ones can have cellulite.
Cellulite is often hereditary, meaning that you get it from the genes passed on to you from your parents.
This can mean many things because you can inherit your body type, shape, and hormonal function from your parents.
That algorithm can be expressed in the following code where ax is the side length.
This example works fine, but it is not what most programmers would write.
The subtract instruction set the flag correctly, but it also changes the value it operates on, which required the ax to be copied into bx.
Most assembly languages allow for comparison instruction that do not change any of the arguments they are passed, but still set the flags properly and x86 assembly is no exception.
num: add dx, ('A'- 10) ; hex value, add 'A' to dx - 10.
Bara-lacha-la (also known as Bara-lacha Pass, el.
5045 m./16,400 ft).
is a high mountain pass connecting Lahaul District in Himachal Pradesh to Ladakh in Jammu & Kashmir state.
Khardung La (la means pass in Tibetan) is a high mountain pass located in the Ladakh region, Maqbuza Kashmir.
It is at 5359 m above seal level.The local pronunciation is Khardong La or Khardzong La but, as with most names in Ladakh, the romanised spelling varies.
The elevation of Khardung La is 5,359 m (17,582 ft).[1] Local summit signs and dozens of stores selling shirts in Leh incorrectly claim that its elevation is in the vicinity of 5,602 m (18,379 ft)[citation needed] and that it is the world's highest motorable pass.
The atomic bombs had been created through the Manhattan Project.
They created two bombs.
The first bomb was called Little Boy, and was to be dropped on Hiroshima, and the second bomb was called Fat Man, and was to be dropped on Nagasaki.
Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other bombs.
Six days after the explosion over Nagasaki, and after the Soviet invasion of Manchukuo, Japan surrendered to the Allied Powers on August 15.
Japan signed the surrender paper on September 2.
This officially ended the Pacific War and World War II.
About four of five women between ages 18 and 65 say they remove some or all of their pubic hair, according to a 2019 article in the New York Times newspaper.
One survey done in 2016 found that about half of the men in the United States cut, trim, shave or remove pubic hair in other ways.
The lake is accessible through two routes.
One is via Skardu and the other via Astore District.
The average tornado stays on ground for only 5 minutes.
These figures, reported by the National Climatic Data Center for the period between 1991 and 2010, show the seventeen U.S.
states with the most average number of tornadoes per per year.
Mistletoe is the common name for a group of semi-parasitic plants in the order Santalales.
They grow attached by a haustorium to the branches of trees or shrubs.
The Zanskar Range is spread over a vast area from southeastern boundaries of the state of Kashmir and extends in the northwest direction to the eastern limits of Baltistan.
It separates Ladakh from the valleys of Kashmir and the Chenab River.
In other words it serves as a boundary line between Ladakh region of Kashmir and the remaining two regions of the state i.e.
Jammu region and Vale of Kashmir.
23000 feet high peak Nunkun is within this range.
Marbal Pass and many other passes which connect Ladakh with Kashmir are in this area, 13000 feet high Zojila Pass is in the extreme northwest of Zanskar range.
This range, in fact is a branch of the great Himalayan range of mountains.
Many rivers start in different branches of this range flow northward, and join the great Indus River.
These rivers include Hanle River, Khurna River, Zanskar River, Suru River (Indus), and Shingo River.
Associative property is a property of mathematical operations (like addition and multiplication).
It means that if you have more than one of the same associative operator (like +) in a row, the order of operations does not matter.
The answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative.
Enter Shikari are a post-hardcore band from St Albans, Hertfordshire, England.
The band is named after the Hindi word Shikari meaning hunter.
The Horst-Wessel-Lied (Horst Wessel Song), also known as Die Fahne hoch (The flag on high, from its opening line), was the anthem of the Nazi Party from 1930 to 1945.
From 1933 to 1945 it was also part of Germany's national anthem.
Homeopaths make their medicines by taking the ingredients, adding water, and shaking the mixture.
They then take a drop of the mixture, throw out the rest, and add more water.
They do this usually 30 times but sometimes up to 200 times.
They call it potentisation.
Hahnemann said this would bring out the spirit-like medicinal powers held within a drug.
Science can show how many atoms or molecules—tiny things that cannot be divided up any more—of the original substance are left in the homeopathic drug.
Most homeopathic drugs do not contain even a single molecule of the original substance.
Homeopaths believe that the solution carries a memory of the original substance.
Science says that goes against the laws of physics and chemistry.
This is a list of the controllers of BBC Two.
In May 2004, it was announced that Piper was to play the character Rose Tyler, companion to The Doctor, played by Christopher Eccleston, in the long-running BBC television series Doctor Who, beginning in 2005.
Bad Liebenwerda is home of the Gothic church of St.
Nikolai.
The tower of the church was rebuilt at the end of the 19th century after lightning struck the tower and caused a fire.
Stan Marsh is a fictional character in the animated television series South Park.
He is voiced by the series co-creator Trey Parker.
He is also one of the 4 main characters in the series with Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormick.
Stan is usually known as the serious and sensitive person of the group.
Stan is able to think clearly and is good-natured.
Stan usually tries to come up with logical solutions to their outrageous situations.
Pedagogy is the art or science of being a teacher and of learning.
A convict is a person found guilty of a crime and sentenced by a court or a person serving a sentence in prison.
The word is sometimes abbreviated as con.
After a conviction, convicts often become prisoners in a prison.
People convicted and sentenced but not sent to prison are not usually called convicts.
An ex-convict (or short: ex-con) is a person who has been let out of prison.
The ZFS is a computer file system.
FS stands for file system.
The letter Z was chosen, because it is the last letter in the English alphabet.
Originally ZFS has been developed by Sun Microsystems for Solaris.
Traditional file systems focus on managing data and ensuring integrity.
Additional features like RAID had to be added externally, outside of the file system’s realm.
The ZFS takes a different approach.
It integrates many useful features into its ecosystem.
Furthermore, during development of ZFS there was a continuing trend to disks having larger capacities.
In designing of ZFS it was taken account of that fact.
FreeBSD and Solaris use ZFS as the standard main file system.
In his career, he won many awards, such as an Oscar, a Golden Globe and an Emmy Award.
Best known for his work as the Andy Hardy character, Rooney had one of the longest movie careers of any actor.
Disgaea starts in a castle where the player controls Laharl.
He or she can buy weapons, armor, accessories, and items, cure their team at a hospital, go to a place called Item World, go to a place called the Dark Assembly, or go to another place through a portal.
The main gameplay is a turn-based strategy role-playing game.
The characters start from a blue portal on the level, and the player can take up to ten people out for a battle.
The level is on a grid, and each character can move a certain number of spaces.
The player can do many things after they are out of the portal, like attacking, defending, or throwing someone.
There are many kinds of items like weapons, armors, accessories, and help items.
There are two main kinds of character types - human-shaped characters, like Humans, Angels, and Demons who look like humans, and Monster characters, which are demons who do not look like humans.
The Item World is a world where the player can send the characters into an item.
The levels in the Item World are randomly made, and at every ten floors, there's a more powerful enemy and an exit.
The more floors the player goes to, the stronger the item gets.
In Item World, there are also characters called Specialists.
If one of the player's characters kills them, they are captured, and make the item more powerful in some ways.
For example, if the player captures a Gladiator, the item boosts the attack power of who's holding it.
During the Renaissance in Europe, people made the sphinx in different ways.
This was because people had translated the description of the sphinx into Renaissance languages differently.
However, pictures of the sphinx are usually associated with the Egyptian Sphinx.
The word sphinx comes from the Greek word Σφίγξ, meaning compress, pull up because this is how lions kill the animals that they eat.
Indian culture also has pictures of lion-men.
An observation by the Herschel Space Observatory in January 2013 showed that the star's winds are crashing against the surrounding interstellar medium.
Betelgeuse is one of the red supergiant stars to have a bow shock: others are Mu Cephei and IRC-10414.
Betelgeuse can be seen at the upper left in Orion.
During the first century AD, Phoenix was mentioned 21 times by ten authors.
From all these sources it appears that the myth of Phoenix originated in ancient Egyptian civilization and was later spoken of in Greek, Roman and Christian civilizations, respectively.
Among the Egyptians, the myth of Phoenix was originally the myth of the sun rising again at dawn after each night, and the name of the city of Heliopolis in Herodotus must have been related to this.
The Egyptians consider the phoenix a sacred bird, which is very rare.
According to the people of Heliopolis, the phoenix appears in Egypt once every 500 years after the death of the previous phoenix.
There are only a few pictures of this bird, and as can be seen from its shape and size in these pictures, the wings and jump are red and yellow are golden, and its general size is like an eagle.
A strange story is told about the work of this bird, and that is that this bird brings its father's body, which is covered with a kind of fragrant plant gum, all the way from the Arab land to the Temple of the Sun and buries it there.
It is said that in order to bring a corpse, first it makes a gum large enough to carry it, then it empties it and puts the corpse in it and closes its mouth with fresh gum, and then the bullet, which is correct.
It has regained its original weight, is brought to Egypt, and while the entire surface of the bullet is covered with gum, it is placed inside the Temple of the Sun, as mentioned.
Persian mythology, the phoenix means swan, a counterpart to the Indo-European and Chinese word phoenix, and appears to be the result of an arrangement of a pheasant, a Chinese chicken, and a mixture with other mythical birds.
In Persian narrations, like in Indo-European narrations, this hen is a rare and lonely hen that is not a mate and as a result, she will not give birth.
Phoenix lives a thousand years, and when his life comes to an end, he produces a large pile of firewood, and when he sits on that pile, he sings so much that he rejoices in his song, and by breaking his wings and with the help of his beak, he kindles a fire, and burns in the door.
Fire produces a testicle (egg) from him and thus another phoenix is ​​born.
In this narrative, Phoenix is ​​the swan counterpart in European literature who ends his life by singing.
Basically, in Persian literature, as in Indo-European literature, burning in one's suffering and rising from one's ashes and being born again have their way into the myth of Phoenix.
It went up to space on December 7, 1972, carrying three astronauts: Eugene Cernan, Harrison Schmitt and Ronald Evans.
On December 11, 1972, Cernan and Schmitt became the last humans to land on the moon, while Evans stayed in orbit around the Moon.
About 500,000 people viewed the flight of Apollo 17.
A Saturn V rocket took flight from the Kennedy Space Center in America.
There are four countries in the Horn of Africa.
They are Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Djibouti.
The northernmost areas of the Horn are Ras Kasar in the west, settled by the Rashaida tribe, and Alula in the east, settled by Dishiishe.
The easternmost area is Ras Hafun, settled by Somalis, and the southernmost in Ras Kamboni, settled by Somalis.
BBC iPlayer was first called the Integrated Media Player (iMP), the Interactive Media Player, and then MyBBCPlayer.
BBC iPlayer left Beta and went live on 25 December 2007.
When people become sexually aroused, their bodies change in certain ways.
Today, the resolution's importance is remembered in Pakistan, by the Minar-e-Pakistan structure that stands in the Greater Iqbal Park, Lahore.
Durga Sagor is another beautiful Dighi where a number of migratory birds arrive every winter.
The spin of the disc helps to keep the disc stable in flight and prevent unplanned tilting.
This is because a large angular momentum stabilises the disc in the same way that it keeps a gyroscope steady, with the angular force forcing the mass of the disc away from the centre of mass, perpendicular to the axis of rotation.
Any unequal force acting on a particular area of the disc is quickly redirected to be equal over the circumference of the disc.
English is one of Pakistan's official languages.
All government documents, military communications, street signs, many shop signs, business contracts and other activities are in English.
The language of the courts is also English.
English is taught to all school level Pakistani students, and in many cases English is also the language used to teach the students other subjects.
At the college and university level all instruction is in English.
Between 1503 and 1522 the walls were built to protect the city, and at the time it had nine city gates and three towers.
Vilnius reached the peak of its development under the reign of Sigismund August, who moved his court there in 1544.
In the following centuries, Vilnius became a constantly growing and developing city.
This growth was due in part to the establishment of Almae Academia et Universitas Vilnensis Societatis Jesu by the King Stephen Bathory in 1579.
The university soon developed into one of the most important scientific and cultural centres of the region and the most notable scientific centre of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Political, economic, and social activities were in full swing in the town.
In 1769, the Rasos Cemetery, one of the oldest surviving cemeteries in the city, was founded.
During its rapid development, the city was open to migrants from both abroad and far reaches of territories of Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Each group made its unique contribution to the life of the city, and crafts, trade and science prospered.
During the Russo-Polish War (1654–1667), Vilnius was occupied by Russia for several years.
The city was pillaged and burned, and its population was massacred.
The city's growth lost its momentum for many years, but the population rebounded, and by the beginning of the 19th century city's population reached 20,000, making the city one of the largest in Northern Europe.
It was founded by British businessman Sir Richard Branson in the 1980s.
Upper Class is the name for Virgin Atlantic's business class.
They do not have a first class service.
Virgin says the seats are the biggest lie flat beds on any business class (it is 202 cm long and 84 cm wide), but Air Canada and Singapore Airlines have said this too.
The seats have plugs for laptops and iPods.
Typically, bolt-action rifles have a longer range and are more accurate than semi-automatic rifles, however the rate of fire is slower than a semi-automatic rifle, which fires as fast as the shooter can squeeze the trigger.
At close ranges, or where a shooter must make a quick follow-up shot, a sniper may prefer to use a semi-automatic rifle instead.
Crayfish live in streams, rivers, swamps, ponds, and other freshwater habitats.
Most crayfish are strictly aquatic but some live in semi-aquatic environments.
The semi-aquatic crayfish burrow into the soil to get to water (so that they can breathe).
Hunza Valley () is a mountainous valley near Gilgit in the The North Trails of Pakistan.
The Hunza valley is at an elevation of .
The territory of Hunza is about .
Karimabad (formerly called Baltit) is the main town which is also a very popular tourist destination in Pakistan because of the spectacular scenery of the surrounding mountains like Rakaposhi, Ultar Sar, Bojahagur Duanasir II, Ghenta Peak, Hunza Peak, Darmyani Peak, and Bublimating (Ladyfinger Peak), all or higher.
Altit Fort is the oldest fort in the hunza valley.
It was constructed some 1100 years ago and overlooks Hunza River.
The primary goal of constructing this fort was to keep an eye over invaders from Hunzo-bar or Nagar.
There was a great rivalry between the rulers and people of Hunza & Nagar in the older times.
Invaders from both valleys often attacked each others.
Altit Fort was built to defend the people of Hunza from them.
It was also the residence of the ruler of Hunza and his family.
It can also be seen from main Karakoram Highway or N-35 after crossing Ganish.
The fort can be accessed via a road from karimabad.
The entry ticket for Pakistanis is PKR 400 while for foreigners is PKR 1000 for the fort.
The fort offers views of the Royal Garden and a local musical school is also functioning within the premises.
There is also an amazing but expensive restaurant run by ladies within the premises of the fort.
Nagar was formerly a princely state in the northernmost part of the Northern Areas of Pakistan, which existed until 1974.
Administratively there are two Tehsils in Nagar namely Nagar-1 and Nagar-2 of Gilgit District.
The British retained Nagar's status as a principality until 1947.
The people of Nagar and Hunza were ruled by a local Mir for more than 1200 years, which came to an end in 1974.
Although never ruled directly by neighbouring Kashmir or the British, Nagar and Hunza were a vassal of Kashmir from the time of Maharaja Ranbir Singh of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Mirs of both sent an annual tribute to the Kashmir Durbar until 1947, and along with the ruler of Hunza, was considered to be among the most loyal vassals of the Maharaja of Kashmir.
The people of modern Nagar are doctors, engineers,army officers, politicians, businessmen.
They are in every field of life in Pakistan.
The people of Nagar valley are very loving and hospitable to visitors.
Bennett said that some of the extra hours would be given over to BBC Switch the BBC's teen programming strand.
He served as Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission and was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
It is the biggest wild sheep.
It stands as high as 120 cm.
It weights as much as 140 kg.
The Pamir argali (also called Marco Polo sheep, for they were first described by that traveller) may be more than 6 feet in length.
It is globally endangered.
The Chinese river dolphin (Lipotes vexillifer) or baiji was a river dolphin.
It was found only in the Yangtze River in China.
The last confirmed sighting of the baiji was in 2004 but there were possible sightings in 2007 and 2016 as well.
The baiji was declared functionally extinct in 2007.
that means experts said that even if there had been a few baiji left alive in 2007, there were probably not enough left to have young and keep the species alive.
The IUCN Red List says the baiji is critically endangered but not really extinct.
Despite the failure of round table conferences, in March 1933 the British government announced its proposals for how India should be governed.
These were published in a 'white paper' (a discussion issued before a Bill is presented to the British parliament).
After discussions by the British politicians and consultation with Indian delegates, nominated by the government to take part in the talks, a Bill was introduced before the British parliament in December 1934.
In August 1935, the Government of India Act became law.
This was the last major legislation that the British government passed before independence was granted.
The act was an important point in the move towards formal Independence.
It provided the basis for negotiations which resulted in the British leaving India.
The Dhund Abbasi (also written Dhúnd; ) is a sub tribe of the Abbasi Tribe in Northern Pakistan.
They are mainly settled in Abbottabad District and Murree Hills, Along with Tehsil Kahuta and in District Rawalpindi of Punjab Province.
They are also found in District Haripur and Mansehra of Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province.
Apart from Abbottabad and Murree, there are large populations of Dhund Abbasis living in the Bagh District and Muzaffarabad District of Azad Kashmir.
The tribe speaks the Dhundi-Kairlali hill dialect of Pahari-Pothwari.
The Conciliar Movement was a Christian reform movement in the 14th and 15th centuries in the Roman Catholic Church which held that final authority in spiritual matters resided with the Church as a corporation of Christians, embodied by a general church council, not with the Pope.
This movement occurred in Western Europe.
Sunda Strait is the strait that is between the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.
Calc can store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 1024 OOoo columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets.
There is a way to increase these limits, but it is only suitable for ODF and text-based formats, as there is a risk of data turning unusable for binary formats such as Microsoft Excel's file format.
Version 2 of Calc was able to store a maximum of 65,536 rows with 256 columns in each sheet, with a maximum of 256 sheets.
Fraser's dolphin (Lagenodelphis hosei), also known as the Sarawak dolphin, is a cetacean in the oceanic dolphin family (Delphinidae).
In 1745 became the governorate capital.
In 1941, October 25 the city was occupied by German troops.
OpenOffice Impress, a part of the OpenOffice office suite package and created by Sun Microsystems, is a presentation program similar to Microsoft PowerPoint.
In addition to being able to create PDF files from presentations, it is also able to export presentations to SWF files, allowing it to be played on any computer with a Flash player installed.
It is able to view, edit and save files in many file formats, including the .ppt format, which is used by Microsoft PowerPoint.
Impress is distributed (spread) under an open source licence so people can download it as free software.
It released under the terms of the Apache License.
The Church of Satan was in many books, magazine and newspaper articles in the 1960s and 1970s.
A whole documentary, Satanis was also made about it in 1970.
LaVey was also in Kenneth Anger’s film Invocation of my Demon Brother, and helped as a technical adviser in The Devil's Rain, which starred Ernest Borgnine, William Shatner, and first showed John Travolta.
The Church of Satan was also shown in Luigi Scattini’s film Angeli Bianchi, Angeli Neri, which in the United States was known as Witchcraft ‘70.
In the 1980s and 1990s the Church of Satan made many movies, music, films, and magazines about Satanism.
Adam Parfrey’s Feral House publishing, the music of Boyd Rice, and the films of Nick Bougas, including his documentary Speak of the Devil: The Canon of Anton LaVey.
They were also frequently in the newspapers.
In 1849, the Flat Earth movement was revived by Samuel Rowbotham, who wrote the book Zetetic Astronomy, which says that the results of his Bedford level experiment proved that the earth was flat.
Paul Maurice Kelly (born 13 January 1955 in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian rock music singer-songwriter, guitarist and harmonica player.
Kelly has led many groups including Paul Kelly and the Dots, Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and Paul Kelly and the Messengers.
Kelly is one of Australia's most well-known singer-songwriters.
His importance was recognised in 1997 when he was added to the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Hall of Fame.
Automatix allowed the menu-driven installation of 56 different “capabilities, including commercial closed source programs such as the Flash plugin, Acrobat Reader, multimedia codecs (DivX, MP3, Windows Media Audio) and fonts, and programming compilers.
The Jallianwala Bagh was surrounded on all sides by houses and buildings and had few narrow entrances, most of which were kept locked.
Unable to escape people tried to climb the walls of the park.
Many jumped into a well inside the compound to escape from the bullets.
A plaque in the monument says that 120 bodies were pulled out of the well.
The 1972–73 NHL season was the 56th season of the National Hockey League.
Sixteen teams each played 78 games.
For the first time since the collapse of the Western Hockey League in 1926, the National Hockey League had serious competition.
A new professional hockey league, the World Hockey Association, made its season debut with 12 new teams, many of which were based in the same cities as NHL teams.
Unlike the Western Hockey League, though, the new World Hockey Association would not challenge for the Stanley Cup.
In response to the new league, the NHL hastily added two new teams in an unplanned expansion, the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames, in an attempt to exclude the WHA from newly constructed arenas in those markets.
Hurricane Gustav made landfall in Louisiana on September 1, and quickly weakened over land.
After weakening to a tropical depression September 4, Gustav was sucked into a cold front.
Gustav was responsible for 138 deaths and up to $18 billion in damage.
A strong tropical disturbance tracked across the northeastern Caribbean Sea in the third week of September.
It meandered around Puerto Rico and Hispaniola, dumping lots of rain across those islands causing a significant amount of damage, despite never developing a closed circulation.
By September 24, it began to track northward away from the islands and into the open Atlantic water, and became a tropical storm on September 25.
Kyle was upgraded to a hurricane during the afternoon of September 27.
It continued northward and maintained hurricane strength until landfall near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia in Canada late on September 28.
A few hours later, Kyle became extratropical as the cold waters of the Bay of Fundy took effect.
In general, Maritimers were spared of the expected damage.
In the last week of September, a very large non-tropical system over the north-central Atlantic slowly moved westward away from the Azores.
As it entered warmer waters, it slowly gained tropical characteristics and was declared Subtropical Storm Laura early on September 29.
It became fully tropical the next day and was reclassified as Tropical Storm Laura.
On October 1 it became post-tropical (in the forecaster's words) as it moved over cooler waters.
Tropical Depression Thirteen formed from a very small but well-organized low in the Bay of Campeche on October 6.
It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Marco with 65 mph (100 km/h) winds that afternoon.
Marco made landfall near Veracruz, Mexico the next morning at the same intensity.
Marco dissipated that night as the small circulation moved inland.
At one point, tropical storm-force winds were estimated to extend only 10 miles from the center, which makes it the smallest tropical cyclone on record, beating Cyclone Tracy.
Tropical Storm Nana formed on October 12 from a disturbance which had been drifting toward the northwest over the previous couple days in the middle of the tropical Atlantic Ocean roughly halfway between the west coast of Africa and the Lesser Antilles.
The storm weakened into a remnant low on October 14.
This is the first use of the name Nana since 1990.
A tropical disturbance in the eastern Caribbean Sea was in an area not expecting any development in the second week of October.
While drifting across the region, upper-level winds calmed down enough for the tropical disturbance to strengthen and to develop into Tropical Depression Fifteen on October 13.
It strengthened to Tropical Storm Omar the next day.
Omar quickly strengthened into a 70 mph (110 km/h) storm that afternoon, and became a hurricane that night.
It remained a hurricane through that night and it changed little in intensity through the next day, but that evening Omar intensified quickly and became a 115 mph Category 3 storm, and became a 125 mph (205 km/h) storm the next morning.
Omar became a weak Category 4 early that morning.
However, wind shear and dry air quickly weakened Omar to a minimal hurricane that afternoon as it raced towards the northeast at 26 mph (41 km/h).
After dropping to tropical storm strength it became a hurricane again on October 17.
It degenerated to a remnant low on October 18.
Tropical Depression Sixteen slowly formed off the coast of Nicaragua.
It was not till October 14 that it was then called Tropical Depression Sixteen.
After hugging the northern coast of Honduras (which did not let it strengthen), Tropical Depression Sixteen made landfall near midday on October 15.
It dissipated inland that evening, never becoming a tropical storm.
This storm caused up to $150 million in damage (2008 USD), and may have caused at least 75 deaths.
An area of low pressure stopped moving in the Caribbean Sea without showing tropical development for the first few days at the beginning of November.
On November 5, the low pressure system became Tropical Depression Seventeen while just east of Nicaragua.
The next day it became Tropical Storm Paloma.
It was the first tropical storm to receive this female name.
Paloma then made landfall in Cuba and moved slowly and quickly dissipated on November 9.
The remains of Paloma were tracked till they came ashore of the Florida Panhandle.
Paloma caused up to $315 million (2008 USD) in damage in the area Paloma affected.
Zero Install is a way to distribute and package software for Linux and Unix-like operating systems.
With the August 6, 2007 update, the News Channel shows an alert in the Wii Menu.
However, not using the channel for some time will result in the alert not appearing, until the channel is opened.
A December 20, 2007 update only released in PAL regions increased the number of news feeds to the channel, sourced from a larger number of news resources and agencies, providing more news that is available per country.
As with the Forecast Channel, the News Channel is not available in South Korea.
The News Channel was shut down on June 28, 2013, along with the Forecast Channel, due to both channels requiring the discontinued WiiConnect24 service.
There are no versions of Picasa for Windows 95 or NT.
The latest version offered for Windows 98/ME is 2.0.0 Build 18.84.
The latest version for Windows 2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7 is 3.9 Build 141.259.
Autopackage is a free computer programme aimed at making it simple to create other programs that can be installed on all Linux distributions.
The Shipping Forecast is a weather forecast covering the sea around the United Kingdom and Ireland.
It has been broadcast four times a day on BBC Radio 4 since the 1920s.
StartUp-Manager is a program to configure GRUB, Splash and Splashy.
Fetch!with Ruff Ruffman is a reality children's television program that is shown on PBS.
It is hosted by an animated dog, Ruff Ruffman, who gives out challenges to the six kids competing on the program.
The series aired for five seasons and 100 episodes from May 29, 2006, to November 4, 2010 on PBS, with over 30 contestants by that time.
Although a sixth season was planned for early 2011, with auditions taking place in January 2010, WGBH announced on June 14, 2010, that due to a lack of funding, the series would end.
It previously aired reruns on the 24 hour PBS Kids Channel from January 16, 2017 until November 20, 2018.
All 5 seasons are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video and PlayStation Vue.
In June 2008, the series received it's first Emmy for Best Original Song for it's theme.
Hamster Run is a game that was released on October 10, 2017, and is meant for hamster lovers.
There are millions of hamsters in this game.
Ruff's Cookie Creator is a game that was released on September 28, 2017 and is for anyone.
There have been so many spinoffs of Fetch!with Ruff Ruffman.
Later, in May 2014, a brand new spin-off was announced, called Ruff Ruffman: Humble Media Genius.
This spin-off debuted in Fall 2014 and features short animations of Ruff Ruffman, focusing on how to be safe on the internet.
On July 30, 2017, PBS Kids and WGBH announced that Ruff Ruffman along with his two assistants Blossom and Chet would be making a comeback in a brand new digital series called The Ruff Ruffman Show, where they answer questions from real kids, take on challenges and learns the value of perseverance—all while modeling science inquiry skills.
The digital series premiered on September 28, 2017, and ran until October 20, 2017 on PBSKids.org and YouTube, with one season and 22 episodes.
Production of Fetch!with Ruff Ruffman began in 2004.
It started under the name of Hot Seat with the tile character named Hot Seat.
The name would later be changed to Hot Spot in 2005, until the name would later be changed to Fetch!with Ruff Ruffman.
Debian Package Maker will configure the source for the user, compile them and then build a package using the target rules.
In nature sometimes light that bounces off of a surface has the same polarization - this is called 'glare' from a window or water.
A polarization filter on a camera will remove this glare to help see through the window or water (or can increase the glare, depending on how it is turned).
Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 uses a lighter blue color for the BSOD, and made the message easier to read.
It even added an emoticon of a frowing face.
The technical details was replaced with a simple line of text showing the name of the crash error so that the user could look it up on the Internet.
McCool is a devout Christian.
She used Christian crosses on her wrestling attire.
Mombasa has a cosmopolitan population, with the Swahili people and Mijikenda predominant.
Other communities include the Akamba and Taita Bantus as well as a significant population of Luo and Luhya peoples from Western Kenya.
The major religions practised in the city are Islam, Christianity and Hinduism.
Over the centuries, many immigrants and traders have settled in Mombasa, particularly from the Middle East, Somalia, and India.
At the beginning, the Gymnasium Alpenstrasse was a Progymnasium.
A Progymnasuim is like the today’s secondary school.
But the school was just attended by boys.
Today it’s a High School for boys and girls.
This school is a Swiss Olympic Partner School.
This means, those athletes from various sports can go their training, also during school.
Walk upon England's mountains green?
Shine forth upon our clouded hills?
Bring me my bow of burning gold!
Bring me my arrows of desire!
Bring me my spear!O clouds, unfold!
Malvaceae is a family of flowering plants.
The family includes about 1000 species in 75 genera.
They are found in tropical and temperate regions.
They are not found very often in places such as Antarctica because those places are too cold for Malvaceae plants.
The wild goat (Capra aegagrus) is a mammal of the Caprinae subfamily.
The wild goat is an ancestor of the domestic goat.
Reed-Solomon codes are used in many different kinds of commercial applications, for example in CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs, in data transmission technologies such as DSL & WiMAX, and broadcast systems such as DVB and ATSC.
The origins of the transformers vary throughout the media.
It is generally accepted that the original transformers, the 13 primes, were created by Primus, the god of the Transfomers, to stop Unicron, the dark god.
However, in the original series, the Quintessons claim to have created the Transformers, though in modern lore they have been accepted to be lying.
They build their nests over water.
If danger threatens, the birds dive into the water.
They climb back up the tree after the danger has passed.
The hoatzin eats the leaves and some fruits and flowers of plants which grow in the wet habitats where it lives.
It clambers around clumsily among the branches.
Once it was thought that the species only could eat the leaves of arums and mangroves, but the species does eat the leaves of more than fifty species.
One study undertaken in Venezuela found that the hoatzin diet was 82% leaves, 10% flowers, and 8% fruit.
Tasman Peninsula is 75 km by road south-east of Hobart, at the south east corner of Tasmania, Australia.
The book returns to Bella's perspective.
She has just given birth to her daughter, and is now experiencing the painful transformation from human to vampire.
After two days, she opens her eyes.
The Cullens are wary of Bella as newborn-vampires are volatile.
Yet, Bella manages to exhibit some self-control unseen in normal newborns.
She wishes to see her daughter, Renesmee, but since Renesmee is part-human, the family believes Bella will be unable to control her newborn thirst if she sees the child so soon without first hunting.
Entertainment Weekly magazine printed a small part of Breaking Dawn on Friday, May 30, 2008.
Stephenie Meyer also gave a 'Quote of the Day' from Breaking Dawn for about 3 weeks before the book was released on August 2, 2008.
The first quote was on Meyer's website on July 12, 2008.
Some readers liked Breaking Dawn but others did not.
An article about Breaking Dawn on nymag.com asked: Did 'Breaking Dawn' Ruin the Twilight Series?.
When the males and females are done mating, they go back to their homes.
In two to three months the females will lay 6-17 eggs, which will hatch in 2-3 months.
Black mambas do not interact with each other besides mating.
They do not try to raise their young.
When the female lays her eggs, she will put them in a safe place and leave them.
The babies have to defend themselves from birth.
Young black mambas stay in the egg for 2-3 months, and then they break through the shell with an 'egg tooth.' They are almost fully developed when they hatch, and they already have venom glands and can defend themselves mere minutes after their birth.
Anne Wood CBE (born December 1, 1937) is a British children's television producer.
Her independent production company, Ragdoll Productions, was founded in 1984 and specialises in making original programming for children 10 and under.
Ragdoll is based in Stratford-upon-Avon, UK and has produced Pob, Brum, Rosie and Jim, Tots TV, Teletubbies, Boohbah and most recently In the Night Garden.
This is a list of the tallest buildings of Australia.
Fluxbox can show some eye candy such as: colors, gradients, borders, and several other basic appearance settings can be changed.
Effects managers such as Xcompmgr and transset-df can add true transparency to desktop elements and windows.
Enhancements can also be provided by using iDesk or fbdesk , or the ROX Desktop.
On August 7, 1942, Allied forces, mainly from the United States, started landings on the islands of Guadalcanal, Tulagi, and Florida in the southern Solomons with the aim to make supply routes between the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand safer.
Admiral Chester Nimitz, based at Pearl Harbor, was the overall Allied commander in chief for Pacific forces.
Hyakutake, with the agreement of General Headquarters, ordered his troops on New Guinea who were within of their goal of Port Moresby to pull back until the Guadalcanal battle was finished.
Hyakutake sent more troops to Guadalcanal for another attempt to recapture Henderson Field.
Air attacks by CAF aircraft from Henderson Field sank two of these destroyers later that day.
The convoy of U.S.
Army troops reached Guadalcanal as scheduled the next day and delivered its cargo and passengers to the island.
The Japanese thought that there were 10,000 American troops on the island, when in there were really 23,000.
An extremely simple example would be an analog to digital converter that samples three bits of signal strength data for every bit of transmitted data.
If the three samples are mostly all zero, the transmitted bit was probably a zero, and if three samples are mostly all one, the transmitted bit was probably a one.
The simplest example of error correction is for the receiver to assume the correct output is given by the most frequently occurring value in each group of three.
Not all Australian convicts and ticket of leave holders arrived in Australia on convict transports.
Bathurst-born Colonial lad John Peisley was eventually convicted of stealing cattle and sentenced to serve time on Cockatoo Island near Sydney, now called Biloela.
A prisoner who served time there was labelled a Cockatoo Hand.
There he met Darkie Frank Clark, who as Frank Christie, escapee from Melbourne’s Pentridge gaol in 1850 after serving five weeks of a five year sentence.
In New South Wales, Clark turned to horse and cattle stealing in company with William Fogg.
Convicted, he got seven years for attempting to sell stolen horses and forging horse ownership papers at Yass.
On 15 January, Constables Morris, Murphy and Simpson were searching the Abercrombie area for bushrangers and spoke with Peisley near Bigga.
Police gave chase but Peisley’s superior horse enabled him to escape easily.
He was identified and challenged by Corporal Carroll at Tarcutta on 29 January, and again escaped on his well-bred mount.
One week later, after a struggle, Peisley was captured and secured near Bootes’s hotel, Mundarlo by Mr Mackenzie and Mr Beveridge of Wantabadgerie, who delivered him to Gundagai.
At his committal before the Carcoar bench, Peisley called Thomas Weavers, but he corroborated the prosecution witnesses.
Committed for trail, Peisley handcuffed and chained, was taken from Carcoar to Bathurst by a large posse of armed police.
For many photographers, nude photography is a study of the human body, much like some paintings did.
At time = 2, the two waves have moved along in their original direct and each reappears.
Harmon County is a county in the U.S.
state of Oklahoma.
As of 2020, 2,488 people lived there.
The county seat is Hollis.
It was named after Judson Harmon, the governor of of Ohio at the time.
In some countries, stores have sales on Boxing Day, similar to Black Friday sales in the United States.
In the United Kingdom, many association football and rugby league games are played on Boxing Day.
The King George VI Chase horse race in Surrey is also ran on this day.
The IIHF World U20 Championship usually starts on this day.
It was very important for travelers to carry enough food and water for the trip.
However, food for the trip was expensive.
To feed four people for six months, food would cost about $150 - over $4,500 in today's dollars.
Cholera was the most common illness and cause of death on the Trail.
From 1849-1855, there was a cholera epidemic along the trail.
Up to 3% of all travelers during this time may have died from cholera.
One of the causes of the epidemic was that there was no sanitation along the Trail.
At WrestleMania 25, The Colóns (Primo and Carlito) defeated WWE Tag Team Champions The Miz and John Morrison to unify both championships (which also meant it could be defended on all three brands: Raw, SmackDown and ECW).
On August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the WWE Tag Team Championship (which then lost the unified name) with Bret Hart presenting new championship belts to the final World Tag Team Champions, The Hart Dynasty (David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd).
The Orne (61) is a department in France.
It is in the Normandy region.
Its prefecture is Alençon and its sub-prefectures are Argentan and Mortagne-au-Perche.
The department's name comes from the river Orne which flows through it.
Though Qutb-ud-din Aibak started the construction of the Quwwat-ul-Islam mosque which was among the earliest Muslim monuments in Delhi, he could not complete them.
These architectures were later completed by his successor Shamsuddin iltumishs.
He started building the Adhai Din Ka Jhopra (meaning Shed of 2 and half days), a mosque in the Ajmer city of Rajasthan, India.
It was commissioned by Qutb-ud-Din-Aibak, on orders of Muhammad Ghori, in 1192 CE.
It was completed in 1199 CE, and further beautified by Iltutmish of Delhi in 1213 CE.
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht (16 August 1897 in Zółkiew, Austria-Hungary (nowadays Schowkwa in Ukraine) – 8 May 1960 in London) was an Austrian-born British jurist of Jewish descent.
He was a legal scholar, specialized in international law and a philosopher of law, and also a judge and a lawyer.
A second lieutanant (2LT) (2ndLt) (2d Lt) (O1) is the lower rank of lieutanant.
A second lieutenant is addressed as lieutenant the same as a first lieutenant.
In the United States Army, for example, a second lieutenant leads a platoon made up of two or more squads or about 16 to 44 soldiers.
In this capacity he or she functions as a platoon leader or commander.
The length of time an officer can hold the rank of second lieutenant is different in different services.
For example, in the British Army it may be held for up to 2 years.
There is great variation in the insignia used worldwide.
In most English-speaking and Arabic-speaking countries, as well as a number of European and South American nations, full lieutenants (and equivalents) usually wear two stars (pips) and second lieutenants (and equivalents) one.
An example of an exception is the United States, whose armed forces distinguish their lieutenant ranks with one silver bar for first lieutenant and one gold (brass) bar for second lieutenant.
Besançon is a city in France.
It was the capital of the former Free County (Franche-Comté) region.
It is the prefecture of the Doubs department.
Its population is around 117,600 (2008).
Mulhouse dates back to the XIIth century.
With a population of 111,167, Mulhouse has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Perpignan was made a partly self-governing commune in 1197.
The French king Louis IX gave the Roussillon to the Kingdom of Aragón by the Treaty of Corbeil (1258).
Again Perpignan was taken by the French during the Thirty Years' War in September 1642.
Perpignan was finally given by Spain to France, and from then on it is part of France.
With a population in 2014 of 120,605, Perpignan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Murrurundi railway station is on the Main North railway line, from Sydney.
The station opened in 1872.
There is a large brick station-house, a passing loop and goods yard.
The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years.
The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called Crocus cartwrightianus.
Humans began choosing wild plants that had long stigmas.
Gradually, a form of C.
cartwrightianus, C.
sativus, came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete.
The first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal.
There is evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine.
Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron.
Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus.
Ancient Mediterranean peoples–including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek hetaerae courtesans–used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
Saffron's aroma is often described to be something like metallic honey with grassy or hay-like notes.
Its taste has also been noted as hay-like and somewhat bitter.
Saffron gives a light yellow-orange colouring to foods.
Saffron is widely used in Iranian (Persian), Arab, Central Asian, European, Indian,Turkish, Moroccan and Cornish cuisines.
Confectioneries and liquors often include saffron.
Common saffron substitutes include safflower (Carthamus tinctorius, which is often sold as Portuguese saffron or assafroa) and turmeric (Curcuma longa).
Saffron has been used as a medicine for a long time.
Modern medicine has also discovered it as having anticarcinogenic (cancer-suppressing), anti-mutagenic (mutation-preventing), immunomodulating, and antioxidant-like properties.
Saffron has also been used as a fabric dye, particularly in China and India, and in perfumery.
Most saffron is grown in a belt of land ranging from the Mediterranean in the west to Kashmir in the east.
Around 300 tonnes of saffron are produced worldwide each year.
Iran ranks first in the world production of saffron, with more than 94 percent of the world yield.
Iran's annual saffron production is expected to hit 300 tons by the end of the nation's Fourth Five-Year Socioeconomic Development Plan in 2009.
Other minor producers of saffron are Spain, India, Greece, Azerbaijan, Morocco, and Italy.
A pound of dry saffron (0.45 kg) requires 50,000–75,000 flowers.
These flowers would need about a football field's area of cultivation.
Some forty hours of labour are needed to pick 150,000 flowers.
Upon extraction, stigmas are dried quickly and (preferably) sealed in airtight containers.
Saffron prices range from US$500/pound to US$5,000/pound (US$1100–US$11,000 per kilogram).
In Western countries, the average retail price is $1,000/£500/€700 per pound (US$2200/£1100/€1550 per kilogram).
A pound is between 70,000 and 200,000 threads.
Vivid crimson colouring, slight moistness, elasticity, recent harvest date, and lack of broken-off thread debris are all traits of fresh saffron.
According to Uta Ranke-Heinemann, the idea that Jesus was born to a virgin was not meant to be taken literally (as if it really happened).
Instead, it is an allegory about something special that God did.
It is like the story about how God made Adam.
Both Adam and Jesus were God's creations.
People associate certain colors with certain flavors.
The color of the food can therefore influence its perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine.
For this reason, food manufacturers add dyes to their products.
One of the reasons this is done is to simulate the colour the customer expects as natural.
An example would be to add red coloring to glacé cherries.
Without coloring, the cherries would be beige.
Food coloring can also be done for effect, such as a green ketchup instead of an expected red.
Because food dyes are generally safer to use than normal artistic dyes and pigments, some artists have used food coloring as a means of making pictures, especially in forms such as body-painting.
In 1864, Dan Kelly's family moved north to a farm at Avenel.
Red Kelly stole a calf and was sent to gaol for six months.
Dan was in trouble with the police when he was five years old because they believed he had stolen a horse.
Dan's father died in 1866, and in 1867, his mother, Ellen Kelly, moved the family to a small farm near Greta in north east Victoria.
Ellen Kelly's two sisters, Catherine and Jane Lloyd, were living at Greta, and her two brothers, John and James Quinn, had moved to the area in 1864.
The Quinn family were well known to the police.
Dan Kelly was again in trouble with the law when he was only 10 years old.
He and his brother Jim, aged 12, were arrested by Constable Flood for riding a horse that did not belong to them.
Jim was working for a local farmer and had taken the horse to ride home on.
Flood did not believe them, and the boys were forced to spend two nights in a prison cell.
Although iWork is called a successor to AppleWorks by Apple, it does not have the functions of AppleWorks's database and drawing tools.
Also, it does not compete directly with the Mac version of Microsoft Office, but instead offers tools with a different focus (presentation, rather than analysis) at a lower price.
It is made to integrate with other applications from Apple's iLife Suite.
Although iLife comes free on every Mac, iWork is sold separately.
From February to March 2008, a free 30-day trial of iWork was installed on every new Mac bought during that time, but now the trial must be downloaded from online.
It is still given with copies of iLife.
It was later sold for $19.99 per app on OS X and $9.99 per app on iOS.
In October 2013 Apple announced that all iOS and OS X devices purchased onwards, whether new or refurbished, were eligible for a free download of all three iWork apps.
iWork for iCloud, which also incorporates a document hosting service, is free to all holders of an iCloud account.
iWork was released as freeware for macOS and iOS in April 2017.
In September 2016, Apple announced that the real-time collaboration feature would be available for all iWork apps.
Wind turbines have to be carefully placed.
They must be in positions where there is a constant, steady supply of wind.
In fact, the wind must not become too strong or it may damage the turbine.
Because wind is uncontrollable, so is the amount of power that wind turbines will produce, making them a possibly unreliable source of energy.
Stadiums listed in bold mean they are the home grounds of teams currently in the 2017–18 Premier League season.
Those stadiums listed in italics have now been demolished.
On 30 January 2007, it was announced that the UK's first Super Casino would be built in the Sportcity area close to the stadium.
Ottakring is part of Vienna.
It is the 16th district of Vienna, created in 1893 from the villages of Ottakring and Neulerchenfeld.
Ottakring can be reached by public transit; it is west of the city centre.
Football Club Internazionale Milano, simply known as Inter and colloquially known as Inter Milan outside Italy, is an Italian football club that plays in Serie A.
Their home stadium is the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza.
They are also the only Italian team to win the treble.
Rihanna did a worldwide concert tour on September 15, three months after the release of the album.
The tour had three parts with sixty-one shows.
It ended on April 5, 2008.
The first part of the tour began in Canada.
It included eleven shows across the country with Akon.
The tour later went through United States and Europe without Akon.
The environment outside the cell is separated from the cytoplasm inside the cell by the cell membrane.
Inside some cells, parts of the cell stay separate from other parts.
These separate parts are called organelles (like small organs).
They each do different things in the cell.
Examples are the nucleus (where DNA is), and mitochondria (where chemical energy is converted).
The are two versions of the video.
One uses the album version of the song, whilst the other uses a much shorter version of the song; excluding the Limit of the Dead!
lines.
The Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics or IBGE (), is the government agency responsible for statistical, geographic, cartographic, geodetic and environmental information in Brazil.
The IBGE performs a national census every ten years, and the questionnaires account for information such as age, household income, literacy, education, occupation and hygiene levels.
The first known build was called Milestone 1.
It was just a customized version of Windows Vista and it had a send feedback feature since it was a pre-release version.
Sales of the game added up to over $900 billion USD in its first week.
More than a million people played the game on Xbox Live in the first 24 hours of its release.
Halo 3 was mostly given very good reviews in the media.
On Metacritic the game has an average score of 94 out of 100.
This was an average from 74 reviews.
The multiplayer was often given praise and IGN said that the multiplayer was 'the strongest of the series so far'.
The Japanese kickboxing is called in English oriental kickboxing.
According to certain people, the word kickboxing would have been invented, in Japan, in the years 1950 by experts of karate who needed to fight with total contact.
In mathematics, the sieve of Eratosthenes (Greek: κόσκινον Ἐρατοσθένους) is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer.
It works efficiently for the smaller primes (below 10 million).
The sieve was described and attributed to Eratosthenes in the Introduction to Arithmetic by Nicomachus.
Lostprophets' first release was their 1997 EP Here Comes the Party.
In 1999 Lostprophets were signed to a record label called Visible Noise.
Their first album Thefakesoundofprogress was released on 27 November 2000.
On 2 February 2004 the band's second album Start Something was released in the UK and South Korea.
Six singles were released from the album.
Burn Burn reached number seventeen in the UK Singles Chart.
The band's third album, Liberation Transmission, was released in June 2006 and was the band's first album to enter the UK Albums Chart at No.1.
The album was also successful in Japan.
Kerrang!gave it five out of five stars.
In 2009 Lostprophets did a cover of Boys Don't Cry on an album of The Cure covers given away free with NME.
In the late 18th century, Europeans began using the term Aryan to refer to the original prehistoric Proto-Indo-Europeans and their descendants up to the present day (i.e., the Indo-European peoples—those Caucasians who speak the Indo-European languages).
It was also assumed at the time, that, Aryans were a culturally superior people.
By the late 19th century, some Europeans began to use the name Aryan for only the Nordic peoples of Europe (one branch of the Indo-European peoples), as a pure, noble and racially superior race they claimed were descended from the original Aryan tribes.
The theory that the Aryans first came from Europe became especially popular in Germany and to a lesser degree in Austria and Hungary.
The United States' legal system has been accused of racism.
40% of the prison population are black.
12% of the general population is black.
In the United Kingdom the two most popular nationalist political parties are the British National Party (BNP) and the UK Independence Party (UKIP).
There is also a group called the English Defense League (EDL).
They are thought to be racist by a lot of people.
They are against unlimited immigration and colonization by Muslims.
Although Muslims can be of any race, they are usually South Asian.
In a 2013 poll, 27% of 1000 British people aged between 18 and 24 said that they did not trust Muslims.
In terms of human emotion, being victorious usually brings strong feelings of gladness, and in human behaviour often has movements and victory poses.
Chris Cornell (Christopher John Boyle; July 20, 1964 – May 17, 2017) was an American singer.
He is best known as the singer in the grunge band Soundgarden.
Now I cannot say if this was really why the Persians were caught at anchor by the stormwind, but the Athenians are quite positive that, just as Boreas helped them before, so Boreas was responsible for what happened on this occasion also.
And when they went home they built the god a shrine by the River Ilissus.
The Clio Awards are awarded annually.
Soundgarden has received one award from one nomination.
Trevor Francis (19 April 1954 – 24 July 2023) is a former football player.
He has played for England national team.
In Aubusson and Beauvais' manufactories large-size tapestries designed by her were produced.
In 1925, she was awarded a gold medal for one of them in the first Arts Décoratifs' exhibition.
He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble.
John Cena returned and won the 2008 Royal Rumble.
Instead of facing the champ at Wrestlemania Orton faced Cena for the title at No Way Out.
Orton intententionally got himself disqualifed thus retained the title.
At Wrestlemania 24 Orton faced John Cena and Triple H.
He won the match.
The next month at Backlash, Orton faced Triple H, John Cena and JBL in a Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match for the title.
He was pinned by Triple H.
After losing at Judgement Day Orton faced Triple H at One Night Stand and broke his collarbone.
In Chapter 3, as is common in prophetic literature in the Bible, a remnant survives God's judgement in Zephaniah by humbly seeking refuge in God.
The book ends in with hope and joy, as God bursts forth in joyful divine celebration over his people.
The phrase day of the Lord is used by Joel to refer to a period when God will punish, but then forgive his people.
The Book of Hosea is one of the books of the Hebrew Bible and of the Christian Old Testament.
Almost all countries have a type of sales certification, often using RIAA certification categories (such as gold, platinum and diamond).
The number of sales that an album needs before it gets an award is different in each country, depending on the population of the country.
In some sales certifications, there may be different awards for the type of music recording sold, such as albums, singles, or videos.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is the British record industry's trade association.
Its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all four 'major' record companies (Warner Music Group, EMI, Sony BMG, and Universal Music Group), associate members such as manufacturers and distributors, and hundreds of independent music companies representing literally thousands of labels.
A gramophone record is a flat disk that is usually made of plastic.
The sound is recorded on a very fine line or groove which goes around and around in a spiral from the outside edge of the disk to the center.
The phonograph plays the sound with a needle that touches the groove.
A record usually has different music on each side.
When made of vinyl they were also known as vinyl records.
Most music made in the 20th century used this format.
Christopher Keith Irvine (born November 9, 1970), better known by his ring name Chris Jericho, is an American - Canadian professional wrestler, rock musician,actor, author, and radio host.
He is currently signed to AEW.
Alben William Barkley (November 24, 1877 – April 30, 1956) was a Democratic member of the U.S.
House of Representatives and the United States Senate from Paducah, Kentucky, majority leader of the Senate, and the thirty-fifth vice president of the United States.
He was the oldest vice president of the United States at the age of .
He ran for president in 1952, however the Democratic Party primaries had nominated Adlai Stevenson II instead and labor union leaders rejected him to run because of old age (74).
Gradually the western Mediterranean Phoenician colonies all came under the control of Carthage.
The Carthaginians were explorers too.
Two major explorations are mentioned by early writers.
Both took place around 500 BC.
Pliny the Elder wrote that Carthage sent an explorer named Himilco to explore the remote parts of Europe.
The report, or periplus (sailing record), has not survived but other early writers have seen it.
He had as many as 60 ships in his fleet.
He would have traveled along the Iberian Peninsula up the coast of Gaul.
Avienus, a Roman writer of the 4th century AD, wrote about the expedition.
Himilco moved north from Brittany to the British Isles.
It is likely he was looking for tin, a rare metal at the time.
He reached a land called , “The Holy Island, generally believed to be Ireland.
Lactobacillus is a genus of bacteria.
Most Lactobacillus species are non-spore-forming and ferment glucose into lactose.
This genus also contains several bacteria that make up part of the natural flora of the human vagina.
Demetria Devonne Lovato was born on August 20, 1992 in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
She was the child of an engineer and musician Patrick Martin Lovato (March 12, 1951 – June 22, 2013) and former Dallas Cowboys cheerleader Dianna Lee Hart (born Dianna Lee Smith; August 8, 1962).
Lovato has an older sister, Dallas (born February 4, 1988); a younger maternal half-sister, actress Madison De La Garza (born December 28, 2001), and an older paternal half-sister, Amber, to whom she first spoke to when she was 20.
The Turkish alphabet is used for writing, speaking and reading in Turkish.
This alphabet is modified from the Latin alphabet.
He was brought up in the mining village of Glenbuck.
His dad was a miner, but Bill would not go down the mine so he went to football training instead.
Glenbuck Cherrypickers were the start of his playing job.
He then went to Scotland for a year (1938–1939).
After that he went to Preston North End.
The Belgian Grand Prix is an motor race, part of the Formula One World Championship.
Events that were not part of the Formula One World Championship have a pink background.
Diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms, of either the same or different chemical elements.
<nowiki></nowiki>Editors<nowiki></nowiki> redirects here.
For other uses, see Editor.
After Barton Fink's success, the brothers had the chance to make a big-budget movie (with more money than the previous ones).
That movie was The Hudsucker Proxy.
The story talks about a man who is given the opportunity to be the director of a big company because the other people in the company (the board) want to buy it at a low price so they intend to have him ruin it.
Instead of ruining the company, the man invents the hula hoop and becomes famous.
The brothers made another movie in 1996 with a little money.
The name was Fargo.
It was universally praised (almost everybody said it was good).
They returned to Minnesota because the story takes place there and in North Dakota.
The story is about a man who needs money to start his own business so he pays other men to kidnap his wife and plans to ask his rich father-in-law for the ransom (money given in exchange for the woman).
Everything goes wrong and a series of violent events starts.
On February 10, 2005, Miller died of heart disease.
He was 89.
On Monday 14 March 2016, CBBC got a whole new look, which saw a new logo, plus new idents and presentation.
The word is a compound of mere, the Old English word for sea, and maid, a woman.
The male equivalent is a merman.
The Continental Congress was a convention of delegates from the Thirteen Colonies.
It governed the colonies before and during the American Revolution and met three times from 1774 to 1789.
Mount Olympus (; also transliterated as Ólympos, and on Greek maps, Óros Ólimbos) is the highest mountain in Greece.
It is high.
Since its base is at sea level, it is one of the highest mountains in Europe in terms of topographic prominence, the relative altitude from base to top.
Lee said that she has been particularly fascinated with the idea of death and beyond.
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare is a first person shooter videogame released in 2007.
It is part of the Call of Duty series.
It is available on Xbox 360, PC and Playstation 3.
There is also a version on the Nintendo DS called Call of Duty: DS and another one for the Wii that was released on November 2009 called Reflex Edition.
Often it is difficult to understand what he was trying to say.
He believed in the unity of opposites, stating that the path up and down are one and the same.
His utterance that all things come to be in accordance with this logos, (literally, word, reason, or account) has been the subject of many interpretations.
Plato opposed those sophists because they only abused wisdom for their own interest and refused the truth and justice.
Hallelujah was first released on Cohen's studio album Various Positions in 1984.
Cohen wrote around 80 draft verses for Hallelujah, with one writing session at the Royalton Hotel in New York where he was reduced to sitting on the floor in his underwear, banging his head on the floor.
This became Cohen's best known work.
I'm Your Man in 1988 marked Cohen's most popular album with the song Everybody Knows.
In 1992, Cohen released its follow-up, The Future, which had dark lyrics and references to political and social unrest.
His funeral was held on November 10, 2016 in Montreal, at a cemetery on Mount Royal, his congregation Shaar Hashomayim confirmed.
Dachigam National Park is a national park in India.
It is from Srinagar, the capital city of Jammu and Kashmir.
The park covers an area of .
The name of the park means ten villages.
Gerard Kitchen “Gerry O’Neill (February 6, 1927–April 27, 1992) was an American scientist.
He taught physics at Princeton University.
He invented a machine for holding subatomic particles.
He also invented the mass driver, a machine used to launch things into outer space.
He wrote about building cities in space.
In 1954 O'Neill finished school at Cornell University.
Then he began his work on particle physics at Princeton.
One way of studying the world is to look at the form of the words.
Grammar is the mechanics of the language.
The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece.
They used to be called the Olympic Games (; Olympiakoi Agones) until the modern day Olympic Games started.
The Ancient Olympic Games began in 776 BC in Olympia, Greece.
Is the birthplace of the footballers Simone Barone and Raffaele De Martino.
Now a new system can detect lahars, giving people more warning to evacuate before they happen.
The system uses Acoustic Flow Monitors which analyze ground shaking that could result in a lahar.
These monitors are placed in the volcano and warn officials if there is a lot of shaking.
They were tested on Mount Rainier in the United States.
Human nature refers to the characteristics of mankind.
This means ways of thinking, feeling and acting which humans have naturally.
What these characteristics are, what causes them and how fixed human nature is, are good questions.
They among the oldest and most important questions in western philosophy.
These questions affect ethics, politics and theology.
Human nature is a source of advice on how to live well, but it also puts limits and obstacles on living a good life.
Atreyu was formed as a band sometime during 1998 and 1999.
Shortly thereafter, they released their first EP, entitled Visions.
The record garnered the band some success in the Southern California metal core scene and they constantly performed to support the seven-track release.
Atreyu released its second record, a five-track EP, entitled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty, in 2001.
The record featured early versions of the songs Living Each Day Like You're Already Dead, Someone's Standing on My Chest, and Tulips Are Better, which were re-worked for the band's third release.
The record also caught the attention of record executives at Victory Records, who quickly signed the band and added it to its roster.
After World War I, many Turkic countries implemented a policy of westernization, centered even on the use of the Latin alphabet.
Punk felt embarrassed by having his head shaved and he considered himself to be always pure unlike his followers, Punk appeared under a mask to cover his bald head on the May 29 episode of SmackDown.
At Fatal 4-Way, Punk challenged for the World Heavyweight Championship against Mysterio, The Big Show and the champion Jack Swagger but lost when Kane attacked Punk after Kane accused Punk of being the person who attacked The Undertaker.
Punk was unmasked by Big Show on the July 16 episode of SmackDown while Punk was healing from an arm injury.
On the July 23 episode of SmackDown, Big Show unmasked the fourth member of the Straight Edge Society and it was revealed to be Joey Mercury.
This incident led to a handicap match at SummerSlam.
In the match, Big Show defeated the Straight Edge Society when Punk abandoned them.
Punk was defeated in a singles match against Big Show at Night of Champions.
A little while after, Serena was released from her WWE contract after she reportedly did not live out her straight edge persona in public.
Mercury had also suffered an injury which caused the group to shorten.
Gallows showed signs of dissent and Punk defeated Gallows in a match on the September 24 episode of SmackDown.
The ended the group.
The BZÖ describes itself as ideologiefrei, aber zukunftsorientiert und wertebewusst (free from ideology, but forward-looking and conscious of traditional values).
Some of its policies, however, are quite different from those of the Freedom Party.
The SPÖ proposes a stricter controlling of prices in addition to the reduction of brokerage commissions.
Both the Alliance for the Future of Austria and the Freedom Party see the main problem in the rising fuel prices; the FPÖ demands a ceiling price for fuel, while the BZÖ in addition wants to reduce taxes on fuels.
It currently holds 16 seats.
In December 2009 the Carinthian BZÖ branch which was Haiders stronghold lost about 5000 members and the governor of Carinthia (although the party won the state election in 2009)to the split of party FPK (The Freedomites in Carinthia).
It now has 800 party members and 4 MPs (Members of parliament) in Carinthia.
However opinion polls (polling between 2 and 23 per cent) have shown good chances for a return of the Carinthian branch of the Alliance for the Future of Austria into Carinthian State Diet.
for criticising SPÖ, ÖVP and the EU bosses.
This caused a little scandal whether politics and religion should be separated or not.
Prince Peter (Pyotr) Alexeyevich Kropotkin () (9 December 1842 - 8 February 1921) was a Russian anarchist, philosopher, revolutionary, scientist, geographer, and one of the first advocates of anarcho-communism.
The Maui Hesperomannia (Hesperomannia arbuscula) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.
It is found only in the United States.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical wet low lying land forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland (an area with mostly bushes and few trees).
Brumby was born in Melbourne and educated at Ivanhoe Grammar School and Melbourne Grammar School.
In 1948, a group of tramway enthusiasts decided to buy an open top tram that they had been on during the last tram ride of Southampton Tramways.
For just £10, they bought Southampton No.
45, Although there were trams and locomotives in British museums, there were no working museums or heritage railways in Britain at this time, so at first the idea of amateurs running a tramway or railway seemed impossible.
In 1955 the Tramway Museum Society was started and in 1959, the Society chose a place for the museum after a very long search.
The site was found by the Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society when they were taking apart the old track from George Stephenson's railway for a project in Wales.
After the Tramway Museum Society's members visited the quarry, they bought part of the site and buildings.
Since buying them, the society has gotten many trams, as well as getting track and power for the trams.
Many of the tramcars were also repaired.
In 1967, the society decided that they would start a village around the tramway, as trams did not run in limestone quarries.
This was the start of Crich Tramway Village.
The museum got lots of street furniture, and even some entire buildings.
Many of these buildings have been changed to hold the museum's collections of books, pictures, and archives.
Hingol National Park or Hungol National Park () covers about .
and is the largest of the National Parks of Pakistan and lies on the Makran coast in Balochistan approximately from Karachi.
ASCII (pronounced az-kee, ass-key if American), is a table of characters for computers.
It is binary code used by electronic equipment to handle text using the English alphabet, numbers, and other common symbols.
ASCII is an abbreviation for American Standard Code for Information Interchange.
Weightlifting first started in the so-called Dark Ages of the human history.
It was usually done by the strongest men in villages all over Europe.
It was considered to be a sport for the lower classes, however since then it has changed into the sport for other people as well.
It has been in the Olympic Games since 1896.
As a competitive sport, Weightlifting is controlled by the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF).
Based in Budapest, it was founded in 1905.
Skinner was born in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania to Grace and William Skinner.
Satyajit Ray () (2 May 1921–23 April 1992) was a Bengali Indian movie director.
Many people consider him as one of the greatest film-makers of 20th century movie business.
See also a list of railway companies involved in the 1923 grouping.
Some English stations like Corby and Mansfield were reopened after privatisation.
In July of 1839 the Sultan Mahmud II died as the ill effects of life experienced by him calamitous events he was afflicted with tuberculosis and died.
His body was buried in the Türbe in Divanyolu.
Mahmud II was devoted to many works of the highest degree in any field.
In Mecca, he had built a madrasa and mend the Great Mosque (Mescid-i Aksa) in the holy city of Jerusalem.
His sons: Abdulmejid I *, * Abdulaziz, 4 Sehzades names Ahmet, Bayezid, veliaht Abdulhamid, Suleyman, 2 Sehzades called Mehmed Murad Nizameddin, Abdullah Osman.
Ghor and Muhammad ibn Suri are then captured by Mahmud, made prisoner along with Muhammad ibn Suri's son, and taken to Ghazni, where Muhammad ibn Suri dies.
Abu Mazen said that saving the Jews for humanitarian purposes was not of interest to the Zionists, and therefore they did not make the slightest effort to persuade the West to accept Jewish refugees who had fled Nazi hell.
He claims that the Zionists thwarted various intentions to support and promote salvation and hid information about the terrible participation of Euro-Jews so that they would not need to take the necessary, predictable measures.
He writes that the Zionist movement was deliberately provoked against the Jews who lived on Nazi land in order to provoke dislike of the authorities and their group elimination.
Psychology as the behaviorist views it is a purely objective experimental branch of natural science.
Its theoretical goal is the prediction and control of behavior.
Introspection forms no essential part of its methods, nor is the scientific value of its data dependent upon the readiness with which they lend themselves to interpretation in terms of consciousness.
The behaviorist, in his efforts to get a unitary scheme of animal response, recognizes no dividing line between man and brute.
The behavior of man, with all of its refinement and complexity, forms only a part of the behaviorist's total scheme of investigation.
In 19th century India, Britain first faced the need to teach English to a body of people who were important to Britain.
Hamilton College is a private, independent, liberal arts college in Clinton, New York.
In 2007, U.S.
News & World Report ranked Hamilton the 17th best liberal arts college in the United States.
In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 38, the single's first appearance in other countries chart outside North America, moving to number three the following week.
The song was certified Gold after seven weeks with sales of over 7,500.
On August 11, eight weeks after debuting on the chart, I Kissed A Girl finally made it to number one.
The following is a list of Secretaries of Agriculture, since the creation of the office in 1889.
This is a complete list of all past and present Secretaries of Labor.
Augustine Azuka Okocha ( ; born 14 August 1973), commonly known as Jay-Jay Okocha, is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
He played 73 times for the Nigeria national team between 1993 and 2006, scoring 14 times, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads.
He is considered as one of the greatest football players from Africa.
Okocha is gifted with remarkable technique and speed, he is regarded as one of the best dribblers in history.
In addition, he was also an expert in long-range shots and set pieces.
For many computer peripheral devices the USB interface has replaced the serial port.
While nearly every server has a serial port, many modern low-end workstations and laptops often don't have one.
The serial port is not present for cost savings, and is considered to be a legacy port on personal computers.
During his three-year tenure, Anton received limited screentime on the show.
He primarily did a stand-up segment during some episodes.
Aside from his stand-up routine, Anton was often cast as an extra or supporting character.
Anton's most enduring character was Clorox from the Star Trek: Deep Stain Nine sketches.
Clorox was supposed to be the main nemesis of the sketch and was loosely based on Q from the Star Trek series.
Anton left MADtv in 1998, at the end of the season.
A Roadbock is a task where only one member of the team can perform.
Teams cannot switch the member performing the task.
There is a 4-hour penalty if teams quit.
The Amazing Race was created by Bertram van Munster and Elise Doganieri in 2001.
It has been airing from 2001 to present.
The carbon cycle is the way carbon is stored and replaced on Earth.
Some of the main events take hundreds of millions of years, others happen annually.
Ronaldo de Assis Moreira (born 21 March 1980), more commonly known as Ronaldinho, or Ronaldinho Gaúcho, is a retired Brazilian footballer.
Considered the best player in world football for several years, he is regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time, and by some, as the greatest ever.
He was known for his dribbling, passing, flair, skills, and ability to create and score goals, all prominent characteristics of his early-age background playing futsal.
He is the only player ever to have won a World Cup, a Copa América, a Confederations Cup, a Champions League, a Copa Libertadores and a Ballon d'Or.
It is located south of Ibiza (about 10 kilometers), south-west of Mallorca (about 50 kilometers).
Its area is 83.24 km² (32.14 sq mi).
The island was built by volcano eruptions.
It has two high areas in the east and the south and a falt area in between.
First people, who settled on Formentera, were the Carthaginians, later the Romans came there.
Often the island lost its complete population, for example after the Vandals came there.
In the middle ages Arabs governed the balearic island, then Catalans took over the island, Formentera became part of the new kingdom of Mallorca.
The island lives mainly on tourism.
Most tourists are from Germany, the United Kingdom and Italy and France.
In 1996, Serge Vaudenay found a known-plaintext attack needing 2 known plaintexts to break, where r is the number of rounds.
Moreover, he also found a class of weak keys that can be detected and broken by the same attack with only 2 known plaintexts.
This attack cannot be used against the regular Blowfish; it assumes knowledge of the key-dependent S-boxes.
Vincent Rijmen, in his Ph.D.
papers, introduced a second-order differential attack that can break four rounds and no more.
Still there is no known way to break the full 16 rounds, apart from a brute-force search.
Its dimensions are from east to west coast 16.5 km, from north to south 60 km.
The island was created by volcano eruptions.
There is only limited natural vegetation on the island.
Lanzarote has one international airport at Arreceife (airport code ACE).
Lanzarote's economy is mainly supported by tourism.
He received his doctorate in 1905 in Munich.
In 1908 he married Elly Heuss-Knapp (1881-1952).
He worked for a political magazine from 1908 to 1912, and then for a regional newspaper.
In 1910 he joined the Progressive People's Party and stayed there until 1918.
In 1933 Heuss voted for the Enabling Act (Ermächtigungsgesetz) against his personal beliefs, following his party.
Lassalle was born in Breslau.
His father sent him to a business school in Leipzig.
Lassalle changed to the University of Breslau.
He later studied in Berlin.
In 1965, Genscher was elected to the Bundestag, the West German parliament for the first time.
From 1969 to 1974, he was Federal Minister of the Interior under Chancellor Willy Brandt.
Müntefering was born in Neheim-Hüsten near Arnsberg.
After his school time he was taught to became an industrial salesman.
He joined the Social Democratic Party in 1966.
1998 he was a member of the Landtag (state parliament) of North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1992 to 1995 he was Secretary of Social affairs in the State of North Rhine-Westphalia.
From 1995 to 1998 he was Bundesgeschäftsführer (federal executive director) of the SPD.
In 1998 he became Secretary for Transport and Infrastructure of Germany under Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
From 1999 to 2002 he was Secretary General of the Social Democratic Party.
From 2005 to 2007 he was Secretary for Working and Social Affairs and Vice Chancellor of Germany under Angela Merkel in her Grand Coaltion.
In 2007 he gave up all his jobs - excepted the mandate in Federal Parliament - to care for his ill wife.
The Swallows mean to sail in the Goblin to Hamford Water and camp with their father, but he is called away on naval business.
Instead he maroons them with a small boat (dinghy) on an island.
Before he leaves, Father gives them a basic map of the area they call Secret Water and suggests they map the area before he returns to pick them up.
Northern Italy is more a business area compared to the south and is colder.
People from the south sometimes emigrate to the north because of this.
The United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is a government-run military veteran benefit system with Cabinet-level status.
It is responsible for administering programs of veterans’ benefits for veterans, their families, and survivors.
The benefits provided include disability compensation, pension, education, home loans, life insurance, vocational rehabilitation, survivors’ benefits, medical benefits and burial benefits.
When accelerated particles hit other particles such as atoms, smaller pieces come out.
This helps people see particles smaller than an atom.
Normally those particles cannot be seen, but they can in the particle accelerator.
This is because in some ways energy and matter are the same thing.
At the high speed created in these machines, some of the movement energy is changed into matter.
It is the opposite process that nuclear weapons use; nuclear weapons turn matter into energy.
Small amounts of antimatter are also created during the process.
In order to ensure secure communications between everyone in a group of n people a total of n(n - 1)/2 keys are needed, which is the total number of possible communication channels.
The game has been heavily attacked by some critics, who claim that it supports pornography and murder.
Media Watch made the following comments about the game.
The Hongwu Emperor (October 21, 1328– June 24, 1398), known in China as , was the first emperor of the Ming part of China's history.
Futebol Clube do Porto (pron.
) – short: FC Porto or FCP – is a Portuguese sports club best known for its football team.
It was created in Porto in 1893.
It holds the best International record by a Portuguese team (7 international titles), having won the European Cup and the Intercontinental Cup twice each.
In 2003, it brought Portugal's first UEFA Cup and in 1987 it brought Portugal's first UEFA Supercup.
Domestically they hold the best record of five titles in a row, having won the Portuguese Liga 26 times, the Portuguese Cup 16 times and Portuguese Supercup 18 times.
There are 2 factory stores.
One in Lyss and another one in Trubschachen.
The oldest product is the Bretzeli, that has been produced since 1906 and that was invented by Oscar Kambly the first.
Some other known products are: Biscuits Butterfly, Caprice, Mignon and the Petit Beurre.
On July 14, 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida, causing thunderstorms.
A weak low pressure area formed on July 15 near Tallahassee, which moved towards the southeast into the Gulf of Mexico.
Late on July 16, it moved onto land near Tampa, and strengthening was not expected.
However, late on July 17, thunderstorms became stronger around the low pressure area, and the system started to get better organized.
Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that a tropical depression was forming.
At 11 p.m.
EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) to the southeast of Charleston, South Carolina.
Mende was born in Groß Strehlitz, near Oppolne.
1936 he made his abitur.
Afterwards he had to do his working service for the state and then his military service.
Up from 1938 he was an officer.
At the end of World War II he was major.
After he was set free as prisoner of war, his hometown was made Polish.
He found a new home in the Ruhr area.
Then he studied laws in Cologne and Bonn.
In 1946 he joined the FDP.
He was Secretary for Intra-German Relations (Bundesminister für gesamtdeutsche Fragen) from 1963 to 1966.
Kelly was born in Günzburg.
Her stepfather was a US officer.
Her original father and her mother were German.
Her family moved to the US in 1959.
She went to school in both countries.
From 1966 to 1970 he studied political sciences in Washington, D.C..
Kelly campaigned for Robert F.
Kennedy in the 1968 U.S.
elections.
She admired Martin Luther King and was an anti-Vietnam War protester.
She graduated in 1970 in Washington and got another exam in 1971 in Amsterdam.
Then she returned to West Germany.
From 1983 to 1990 she was a member of the Bundestag for the Greens.
Kaiserswerth is a settlement with a more than 1,000-year history.
About the year 700 the monk St.
Suitbert founded a Benedictine-abbey there.
With a population of 25,279, Vichy is the second largest city of the Allier department.
It has a population density of inhabitants/km.
As of 2020, doctors do not understand what causes the disease, so right now, it can not be cured.
Some things can be done to fight its effects, though.
Makeup or cosmetics can cover up the parts of the skin with vitiligo.
Also, staying out of the sun to prevent tanning is good.
But the treatment given by most skin doctors is cortico steroid cream.
The satellite was not able to show pictures of lakes moving in the wind.
The heavy moisture and clouds of methane near Titan’s surface could be a sign of evaporation from lakes.
The lakes cover 0.002–0.02% of Titan's surface.
The Cassini-Huygens probe flew by in February, 2007, taking radar and camera pictures of some large areas near the north pole that may be large areas of liquid methane and/or ethane, including one sea larger than 100,000 km² (larger than Lake Superior), and another area similar in size to the Caspian Sea.
Pictures taken near Titan's southern pole in October 2007 showed similar, but far smaller, areas that look like lakes.
The West Coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues, with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos, which originated from Texas blues musicians that moved to California in the 1940s.
West Coast blues also uses smooth, honey-toned vocals, often sounding similar to urban blues.
The best known West Coast blues musicians may be guitarist T-Bone Walker, famous for the song Call It Stormy Monday (But Tuesday Is Just As Bad), originally from Texas, he had made his first recordings in the late 1920s.
During the early 1940's Walker moved to Los Angeles, where he recorded a lot of music for Capital, Black & White, and Imperial.
Walker an electric guitar sound to the blues, prossibly doing more to make the use of electric guitar popular in blues than anyone else.
Much of his material had a jazzy jump blues feel, which is typical of popular blues from California in the 1940s and 1950s.
Other Texas bluesmen followed: Pianist/songwriter Amos Milburn, singer Percy Mayfield, famous for the song Hit the Road Jack, and Charles Brown moved to Los Angeles.
Guitarist Pee Wee Crayton divided his time between Los Angeles and San Francisco, while Lowell Fulson, from Texas by way of Oklahoma, moved to Oakland.
In his Algorithm Design Manual, Skiena advises against genetic algorithms for any task: It is quite unnatural to model applications in terms of genetic operators like mutation and crossover on bit strings.
The pseudobiology adds another level of complexity between you and your problem.
Second, genetic algorithms take a very long time on nontrivial problems.
[...] The analogy with evolution—where significant progress require [sic] millions of years—can be quite appropriate.
Unbalanced Feistel ciphers use a modified structure where formula_4 and formula_5 are not of equal lengths.
The MacGuffin cipher is an experimental example of such a cipher.
In October 2008, Apple decided to make a MacBook housed in aluminum.
It was pretty much the same as the one housed in plastic except that it was a little better and that it was housed in metal.
In June 2009, during WWDC (Apple's big yearly gathering), this laptop was renamed the MacBook Pro 13 inch.
The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is the leading conservative newspaper in Germany.
There are 6 newspapers a week and supplementary the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung on Sundays.
There are about 360,000 newspapers sold every day.
The <nowiki></nowiki>Frankfurter Rundschau is a left-wing liberal newspaper in Germany.
Its position is often similar to the positions of the trade unions.
There are 6 newspapers a week.
It has a regional part for Hesse and a local part for Frankfurt am Main, too.
There are about 180,000 newapapers sold daily.
The Frankfurter Rundschau<nowiki></nowiki> was the second newspaper starting in Germany after the World War II on the 1st of August 1945.
And it was the first newspaper in the U.S.
sector.
The licence was handed over to the first team of editors consisting of Emil Carlebach, Hans Etzkorn, Wilhelm Karl Gerst, Otto Grossmann, Wilhelm Knothe, Paul Rodemann and Arno Rudert.
The first copies of Die Zeit were published on the 21 February 1946 in Hamburg.
Der Spiegel is a weekly political magazine in Germany.
Der Spiegel is a liberal magazine.
It has long, detailed articles.
The first edition of the Spiegel magazine was published in Hanover on 4 January 1947.
Later it was published in Hamburg.
The first written use of peach as a color name in English was in 1588.
Filipino is a form of the Tagalog language.
It is the national language of the Philippines.
About one third of the people in the Philippines speak Tagalog as a first language.
Ramsey was elected from Pennsylvania as a Whig to the U.S.
House of Representatives and served in the 28th and 29th congresses from March 4, 1843 to March 3, 1847.
He served as the first Territorial Governor of Minnesota June 1, 1849 to May 15, 1853 as a member of the Whig Party.
Although he knew the works of Bach and Mozart very well, many of his compositions were clearly influenced by Mendelssohn.
As well as being known as one of Europe's most brilliant pianists, his music was well known for its new ideas, excitement and poetic beauty.
His compositions include four overtures, six piano concertos, four symphonies, a chamber trio, sextet, several piano works and two song cycles to be followed later in life by a cello duo, a late Symphony in G minor, a Cantata The May Queen for the opening of Leeds Town Hall in 1858, and an oratorio The Woman of Samaria for the 1867 Birmingham Triennial Music Festival.
The Coat of arms of Azerbaijan mixes traditional and modern symbols.
The focal point of the emblem is the fire symbol.
This symbol comes from the fact that Azerbaijan has many everlasting fires which also gives the name land of eternal fire.
Santos died from respiratory failure caused by a lung infection on 27 November 2013, aged 88, in Rio de Janeiro.
On 10 June 1940, Italy declared war on Britain and France.
On the following day, Italian bombers attacked Malta on what was to be the first of many raids.
In spring 1940 the British Royal navy attacked at Mers el Kebir (Algeria) the French navy of Vichy, sinking two battleships and other minor ships.
The city was founded in 914 by the Vikings.
The Norman King Henry II of England landed at Waterford in 1171.
Waterford and then Dublin were made royal cities and in the Middle Ages, Waterford was Ireland's second city after Dublin.
As a result, King Henry VII gave the city its motto: Urbs Intacta Manet Waterfordia (Waterford remains the untaken city).
Galway is a port city in the western part of Ireland.
It is in the historic province of Connacht.
Over 70,000 people live there as of 2011.
It is located on the Galway Bay.
Smilodon's niche was closer to a leopard's, which is also an ambush predator.
They both need cover to get close to prey.
During the last ice age, there were many possible prey species from the La Brea location: mammoths, bison, horse, camel, ground sloth, pronghorn, tapir, deer,(elk and others).
Most of these were extinct by 5 to 10,000 years ago.
The pressures of a major climate change and human hunting were thought to be the main causes.
Correspondents are typically introduced as the show's senior specialist in the story's subject, and can range from relatively general (such as Senior Political Analyst) to absurdly specific (such as Senior Religious Registry Correspondent).
The cast of correspondents is quite diverse, and many often sarcastically portray extreme stereotypes of themselves to poke fun at a news story, such as Senior Latino Correspondent, Senior Youth Correspondent or Senior Black Correspondent.
The host sits at his desk on the elevated island stage in the style of a traditional news show.
The show relocated from its original New York studio in late-1998 to NEP Studio 54 in New York City's Hell's Kitchen neighborhood, where it remained until 2005, when the studio was claimed by The Colbert Report.
On July 11, 2005, the show premiered in its new studio, NEP Studio 52, at 733 11th Avenue, a few blocks west of its former location.
The set of the new studio was given a sleeker, more formal look, including a backdrop of three large projection screens.
The traditional guests' couch, which had been a part of the set since the show's premiere, was done away with in favor of simple upright chairs.
The change was initially not well-received, spawning a backlash among some fans and prompting a Bring Back the Couch campaign.
The campaign was mentioned on subsequent shows by Stewart and supported by Daily Show contributor Bob Wiltfong.
The couch was eventually featured in a sweepstakes in which the winner received the couch, round-trip tickets to New York, tickets to the show, and a small sum of money.
On April 9, 2007, the show debuted a new set.
The projection screens were revamped (with one large screen behind Stewart, while the smaller one behind the interview subject remained the same), a large, global map directly behind Stewart, a more open studio floor, and a J-shaped desk supported at one end by a globe.
The intro was also updated; the graphics, display names, dates, and logos were all changed.
Magnanti was born and raised in Clearwater, Florida.
Her father is Italian American; her mother is Jewish American.
Magnanti became a British citizen in 2013.
She is married and lives in Lochaber in the Scottish Highlands.
She is a former prostitute.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Rodez (24,088).
The subprefectures of Millau and Villefranche-de-Rouergue have, respectively, 22,064 and 11,822 inhabitants.
In 2014, Bouches-du-Rhône had 2,006,069 people living there, or people/km.
In the same year, the Marseille arrondissement had the highest population of the four arrondissements: 1,058,615.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Aurillac (26,135).
The subprefectures of Saint-Flour and Mauriac have, respectively, 6,643 and 3,682 inhabitants.
Charente has a population, in 2014, of 353,853, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Angoulême, with 197,377 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Cognac and Confolens, have respectively 92,224 and 64,252 inhabitants.
Charente-Maritime has a population, in 2014, of 637,089, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Rochelle, with 210,151 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other four, Rochefort, Saintes, Jonzac and Saint-Jean-d'Angély, have respectively 187,843, 128,786, 56,973 and 53,336 inhabitants.
An airbag is a useful vehicle safety device.
Airbags are used in the world increasingly because in accidents, it can help passengers reduce shock.
First, moving objects have momentum (the product of the mass and the velocity of an object).
If no outside force acts on an object, the object will continue to move at its present speed and direction (because of inertia).
Cars consist of several objects, including the vehicle itself, loose objects in the car and, of course, passengers.
If these objects are not restrained, they will continue moving at whatever speed the car is travelling at, even if the car is stopped by a collision.
Stopping an object's momentum requires force acting over a period of time.
When a car crashes, the force required to stop an object is very great because the car's momentum has changed instantly while the passengers' has not (there is not much time to work with).
The goal of any supplemental restraint system is to help stop the passenger while doing as little damage to them as possible.
It has given coverage of Major League Baseball's World Series since 2004.
Volvo V70 is a car produced by Volvo from 1996 to 2016 in three generations.
An off-road version, called XC70, is also available.
It replaced the 850.
The first generation had a sedan version called S70 (1996-2000).
The second generation also had a sedan version called S60 (2000-2007), as did the third generation whose sedan version was called S80 (2006-2016).
They once again updated the model in 2005 to keep customers interested in the model.
The Mk3 was discontinued in 2007 for the Mk4.
Robert Laurence Bob Barr, Jr.
My mates are lying near.
No danger do we fear.
Nundle is a village in the New England area of New South Wales, Australia.
It was once the centre of Nundle Shire.
Most of this area, including the village of Nundle, was added to the new Tamworth Regional Council in 2004.
The village is 400 km north of Sydney and about 56 km south east of Tamworth.
In 2006 there were 289 people living in Nundle.
The major business is agriculture.
Gunnedah produces cotton, coal, beef, lamb, pork, and cereal and oilseed grains.
The LOAD instruction is in the Store stage, where its result (the number 40) will be stored in the register A.
The national flag of Oman () has three stripes (white, green and red) with a red bar on the left that contains the national emblem of Oman.
The white stands for peace and prosperity, the green for fertility and the Green Mountains, and the red for battles against foreign invaders.
The red is also the colour of the former flag of the nation when it was known simply as the Sultanate of Muscat and Oman.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Avignon (92,209).
The subprefectures of Carpentras and Apt have, respectively, 28,447 and 11,885 inhabitants.
Cher has a population, in 2014, of 310,270, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Bourges, with 173,889 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
Corrèze has a population, in 2014, of 241,340, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Brive-la-Gaillarde, with 130,034 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Tulle and Ussel, have respectively 78,408 and 32,898 inhabitants.
A chain of hills called the Plateau de Langres runs from north-east to south-west through the department to the north of Dijon and continues south-westwards as the Côte d'Or escarpment, which takes its name from that of the department (without the hyphen).
It is the south-east facing slope of this which is the site of the celebrated Burgundy vineyards.
To the south-east of the plateau and escarpment, the department lies in the broad valley of the middle section of the river Saône.
Côte d'Or has a population, in 2014, of 531,380, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Dijon, with 373,574 inhabitants, is by far the one with more inhabitants.
The other two, Beaune and Montbard, have respectively 97,107 and 60,699 inhabitants.
Creuse has a population, in 2014, of 120,581, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Guéret, with 83,458 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other arrondissement, Aubusson, has 37,123 inhabitants.
in 2014, the department of Dordogne had a population of 416,350, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Périgueux, with 189,301 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other three, Bergerac, Nontron and Sarlat-la-Canéda, have respectively 111,875, 40,508 and 74,666 inhabitants.
Doubs had a population, in 2014, of 534,710, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Besançon, with 248,199 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Valence (62,150 inhabitants).
The subprefectures of Nyons and Die have, respectively, 6,641 and 4,516 inhabitants.
Eure-et-Loir has a population, in 2014, of 433,762, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Chartres, with 207,869 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
II.
A hurricane was sighted at Dominica on September 26 before moving west-northwest through Hispaniola, then across the southwest Atlantic to South Carolina on October 1.
III.
A hurricane which formed in the west-central Gulf of Mexico on September 11 moved slowly northeast, striking the central Gulf coast on September 14.
He was succeeded by his son Ismail al-Mansur (946-953).
Pierre Jules Théophile Gautier (August 30, 1811 – October 23, 1872) was a French poet, dramatist, novelist, journalist, and literary critic.
He was a member of the Club des Hashischins, or Hashish Club.
This group of French writers experimented with hashish to get ideas.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Nîmes (151,075).
The subprefectures of Alès and Le Vigan have, respectively, 39,993 and 3,933 inhabitants.
Haute-Garonne has a population, in 2014, of 1,317,668, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Toulouse, with 1,024,517 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Muret and Saint-Gaudens, have respectively 215,606 and 77,545 inhabitants.
Gers has a population, in 2014, of 190,625, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Auch, with 87,118 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Condom and Mirande, have respectively 65,562 and 37,945 inhabitants.
The department of Gironde has a population, in 2014, of 1,526,016, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Bordeaux, with 921,668 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The arrondissements of Blaye and Lesparre-Médoc are those with less people, with 88,115 and 86,560 inhabitants.
The Hérault department has a population, in 2014, of 1,107,398, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Montpellier, with 700,241 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two arrondissements, Béziers and Lodève, have respectively 312,443 and 94,714 inhabitants.
Indre-et-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 603,924, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Tours, with 466,232 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Isère had a population, in 2014, of 1,243,597, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Grenoble, with 758,956 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
The department of Landes has a population, in 2014, of 400,477, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Dax has 220,656 inhabitants and the arrondissement of Mont-de-Marsan, where is the prefecture of the departement, has only 179,821 inhabitants.
Loir-et-Cher has a population, in 2014, of 333,567, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Blois, with 173,125 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Saint-Étienne (170,761 inhabitants).
The subprefectures of Roanne and Montbrison have, respectively, 35,200 and 15,689 inhabitants.
Haute-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 226,565, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Le Puy-en-Velay, with 96,041 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Loiret has a population, in 2014, of 669,737, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Orléans, with 435,676 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Cahors (19,630).
The subprefectures of Figeac and Gourdon have, respectively, 9,820 and 4,297 inhabitants.
The department of Lot-et-Garonne has a population, in 2014, of 333,234, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Agen, with 120,235 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other three, Marmande, Villeneuve-sur-Lot and Nérac, have respectively 83,245, 90,527 and 39,227 inhabitants.
The only important city is Mende with 11,542 people living there in 2014.
The subprefecture, Florac Trois Rivières, has 2,107 inhabitants.
Marne has an area of , the 7th largest department of the Metropolitan France.
The department is long from Villeneuve-la-Lionne to Trois-Fontaines-l'Abbaye, and wide from Cormicy to Clesles.
Marne had a population, in 2014, of 570,817, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Reims, with 296,374 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Haute-Marne had a population, in 2014, of 180,673, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Saint-Dizier, with 71,371 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Meurthe-et-Moselle had a population, in 2013, of 731,004, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Nancy, with 417,430 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Nièvre had a population, in 2014, of 213,569, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Nevers, with 118,087 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Nord had a population, in 2014, of 2,603,472, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Lille, with 1,232,513 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Pas-de-Calais (Picard: Pas-Calés; Dutch: Nauw van Kales) is a department found in the north of France in the Hauts-de-France region.
Its prefecture is Arras.
Its population is about 1,456,000 (2006 estimation).
It is one of the 83 first French departments made during the French Revolution.
Puy-de-Dôme has a population, in 2014, of 644,216, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Clermont-Ferrand, with 375,518 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The Pyrénées-Atlantiques has a population, in 2014, of 667,249, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Pau, with 305,089 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Bayonne and Oloron-Sainte-Marie, have respectively 287,546 and 74,614 inhabitants.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Tarbes (40,900), followed by Lourdes (14,361).
The subprefectures of Argelès-Gazost and Bagnères-de-Bigorre have, respectively, 3,020 and 7,602 inhabitants.
The only important city is Perpignan with 120,605 people living there in 2012.
The subprefectures Céret and Prades have 7,663 and 5,927, respectively.
Bas-Rhin had a population, in 2014, of 1,112,815, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Strasbourg, with 484,157 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Haut-Rhin had a population, in 2014, of 760,134, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Mulhouse, with 350,032 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Haute-Saône had a population, in 2014, of 238,347, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Vesoul, with 129,622 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Saône-et-Loire had a population, in 2014, of 555,788, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Chalon-sur-Saône, with 200,084 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Savoie had a population, in 2014, of 426,924, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Chambéry, with 271,647 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Deux-Sèvres has a population, in 2014, of 373,553, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Niort, with 212,425 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Bressuire and Parthenay, have respectively 96,703 and 64,425 inhabitants.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Albi (49,531).
The subprefecture of Castres has 41,382 inhabitants.
The city with more people living in it is the capital, Montauban (58,826).
The subprefecture of Castelsarrasin has 13,765 inhabitants.
Var had a population, in 2014, of 1,038,212, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Toulon, with 565,669 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Vienne has a population, in 2014, of 433,203, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Poitiers, with 246,038 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Châtellerault and Montmorillon, have respectively 112,313 and 74,852 inhabitants.
Haute-Vienne has a population, in 2013, of 376,199, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Limoges, with 298,578 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
The other two, Bellac and Rochechouart, have respectively 39,744 and 37,877 inhabitants.
Yonne had a population, in 2014, of 341,814, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Auxerre, with 179,922 inhabitants, is the arrondissement with more inhabitants.
Territoire de Belfort had a population, in 2014, of 144,334, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Some of the winning flags had different numbers of points on the stars of the Southern Cross.
This was simplified to seven points for the four largest stars and five for the small one.
The Commonwealth Star had six points for the six states.
This was the design in 1903.
In 1912, an extra point was added to the Commonwealth Star for the Territories of Australia.
Complicating this simple-looking series of steps is the fact that the memory hierarchy, which includes caching, main memory and non-volatile storage like hard disks, (where the program instructions and data are) has always been slower than the processor itself.
Step (2) often introduces a delay (in CPU terms often called a stall) while the data arrives over the computer bus.
A big amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible.
Over the years, a central design goal was to execute more instructions in parallel, thus increasing the effective execution speed of a program.
These efforts introduced complicated logic and circuit structures.
Digital signal processing (DSP) is concerned with the processing of digital signals or analog signals after converting from analog to digital format.
Avaí Futebol Clube, or Avaí as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Florianópolis in Santa Catarina, founded on September 1, 1923.
It became nationally known after the tennis player Gustavo Kuerten declared to be a supporter of Avaí.
One of the best known Impressionist works is Renoir's 1876 Dance at Le Moulin de la Galette (Bal du moulin de la Galette).
The painting depicts an open-air scene, crowded with people, at a popular dance garden on the Butte Montmartre, close to where he lived.
Instruction set architecture is distinguished from microarchitecture.
Microarchitecture is the detailed description of the system that is enough for completely describing the operation of all parts of the computing system, as well as how they are inter-connected and inter-operate to implement the ISA.
An instruction set is the part of the computer architecture related to programming.
An ISA includes a specification set of opcodes (machine language), which are the native commands implemented in a particular central processing unit design.
Phetchabun is ancient.
It is unclear who founded it.
Krom Phraya Dhamlong Racha Nupap says that Phetchabun established for 2 periods in the same relic of Buddha temple and ancient temple.
At first age, built when the northland is Sukhothai city or Phitsanulok is the capital.
There is the waterway in a public city.
The second period built in, Narai's period.
There was a river at the center of a city.
In the north side had a wall for Guading the enemies.
In the south there was a field.
Religion determines what many people believe about modesty.
Modesty is required in many cultures, based upon the beliefs of Abrahamic religions.
Orthodox Judaism and Islam require believers to wear clothing that covers all of the body that is sexual.
For women, this includes the entire body except hands and faces, including the hair.
Anabaptist Christian groups continue to observe purely functional plain dress.
These include the Amish and Mennonites in the United States.
Less strict, but conservative religious groups also adopt clothing and behavior more modest than what is acceptable by the majority.
Artistic performances and celebrations are intended to attract attention.
Every society has norms that recognize that different rules apply to performers.
More conservative countries such as Afghanistan or Iran do have laws that say what kind of dress a woman should wear.
Not obeying these laws can lead to harsh punishments.
The date palm tree represents vitality and growth.
The prostitution of children is seen as part of the commercial sexual exploitation of children, and is sometimes connected to the trafficking of children for sexual purposes, and to child pornography.
Child sex tourism also falls within the category of the prostitution of children.
It is the major tourist attraction of the city.
In 2007, it was the most voted place in an online election to choose the Seven Wonders of Brazil.
The botanical garden houses part of the campus of the Federal University of Paraná.
It is the unofficial symbol of the city and of all South Brazil.
As the best known place in the city, the image of greenhouse is used from many manifestations: since 2008, the park lights are turned off by one hour as a way to join the Earth Hour (an global event organized by World Wide Fund for Nature - WWF - held on the last Saturday of March annually); every year, in October, the greenhouse is illuminated with pink, to support the Breast Cancer Awareness Month; in December, an Christmas decoration is made, as part of the Christmas of Light.
And a thousand days to the World Cup in Brazil (2014), between 16 and 23 September 2011 was made an tribute with the light colors of the flags of each country that has won the championship: Brazil, Italy, Germany, Uruguay, Argentina, England, France and Spain.
At the same year Curitiba became part of the cities engaged in the Decade of Action for Road Safety, by United Nations; the yellow color, that in traffic means attention, lighted the greenhouse.
Gauri Khan () (née Chibber, born 8 October 1970) is an Indian movie producer.
A Hindu of Punjabi Mohyal origin, born in New Delhi, India.
She graduated from Modern School, New Delhi and has a degree in History from Lady Sriram College.
She is married to Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan.
She has produced some of the movies with her husband as the main actor, including Paheli (an unsuccessful Indian submission to the Oscars in 2005), Main Hoon Na, and Om Shanti Om.
She also made a short guest appearance in Om Shanti Om.
One day in the summer of 1841, Henry David Thoreau was worried about money after leaving his job at his father's pencil factory.
Suddenly, the most famous writer at the time, Ralph Waldo Emerson, knocked on his door.
Emerson asked him to work as a live-in handyman at his house.
During the days he lived with Emerson, Thoreau began to have dreams of becoming a writer.
Naturism began in the late 19th century in Germany.
The movement to return to nature was opposed to the changes as more people began living in cities.
In 1904, Paul Zimmermann opened perhaps the first camp or nudist colony near Hamburg, Germany.
It was called Freilichtpark in German (in English, Free Light Park).
Chamonix is a French commune next to Mont Blanc, in the French Alps.
It is in the Haute-Savoie department.
The Winter Olympic Games were there in 1924.
In word-processing computer programs like Microsoft Word, the shortcut key for subscripts is Ctrl+= .
The authority song makes certain references to the Pop culture - the dj never has it, j.a.m.c automatic, if those were roys headphones, you'd bet he play what goes on.
There are lots of different trams in the fleet at Blackpool.
Most of them were built in the 1930s and are still in service in an unchanged condition.
Some others have had their bodywork changed.
Sometime historic trams are borrowed from the National Tramway Museum in Crich and other museums for public service.
In November 2007 the whole tramway closed for the first time.
It was closed for five months for the second part of an £11,800,000 upgrade.
Blackpool Transport Services and Blackpool Council currently have a joint bid awaiting Government approval.
It could give up to £77,000,000 for a total upgrade of the trams and tracks.
In January 2007 the City Class 611 prototype supertram was being tested on the tramway.
It caught fire as it approached Central Pier.
This caused lots of damage.
The driver managed to get out of the cab.
The tram was built by Mersyside-based Tram Power.
It was being tested as part of a bid to replace the current trams.
The same tram had already derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop in trials then.
A Rail Accident Investigation Board report said that the derailmet was because of wear and tear on the track.
They said another factor was the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype.
The company paid £150,000 to rebuild the tramcar.
It cannot be re-tested until November 2008 at the earliest though.
This is because testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and also because of the earlier closure of the tracks for repairs.
When both the client process and server process are running on the same computer, this is called a single seat setup.
Both client-server and P2P architectures are in wide usage today.
The basic type of client-server software architecture employs only two types of hosts: clients and servers.
This type of architecture is sometimes referred to as two-tier.
The two-tier architecture means that the client acts as one tier and server process acts as the other tier.
Unsecured loans are loans that are given without pledges of repayment.
This means that the borrower is not required to provide security to get the loan.
Home loans are loans that are taken for the purpose of buying a house.
Museo Nazionale di San Marco is a church and Dominican convent.
in Florence, Italy.
The church also has the Museum of St.
Mark (Museo di S.
Marco) which shows paintings by Fra Angelico.
The lyrics are one of the main reasons why the band are considered to be emo.
It contains the lyrics cut my wrists and black my eyes more than once.
A revival of the city's importance started in the 1980s.
This was partly led by a vibrant music scene whose spirit was called 'Madchester'.
It was led by bands such as The Happy Mondays and Joy Division.
Indie band The Smiths also came from Manchester.
Sirrako Ioanninon is a mountainous Greek village.
It is in the district of Ioannina in the north-east of Greece.
Sirrako is built at an altitude of 1,150 metres up the Lakmos mountain which makes it one of the highest Greek villages.
It is a traditional village with old stone houses whose main characteristic is that they have slate roofs.
In antiquity, Livadeia was one of the Boeotian towns.
Boeotians were an ancient Greek tribe which was a branch of the Dorian tribe.
In Livadeia there was an oracle which was known by the name Trofonion.
The Trofonion oracle was very important, although not as important as the Delphi oracle which was located nearby in the north.
During the Middle Ages Livadeia was an insignificant town until about the thirteenth century when it became the capital of the Catalonian knights' domain.
The Catalonian knights had conquered central Greece when they defeated the Lombard knights in a battle.
Later, during the 15th century, the district was conquered by the Ottomans.
During the Ottoman period, Livadeia became an important town of central Greece.
There was a castle and a guard was posted in it.
The residents were all with Greek origin.
Later during the Greek revolution of 1821 against the Turks, Livadeia played a significant role.
Livadeia was liberated in 1830 when Greece became an independent state.
Adams was awarded the Order of Canada and the Order of British Columbia for his contribution to popular music and his philanthropic work.
He was also inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998.
In April 2006 he was inducted into The Canadian Music Hall of Fame at the Juno Awards, and in 2007 he was nominated for his fifth Golden Globe for the song Never Gonna Break My Faith which appeared on the soundtrack for the movie Bobby.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV.
Adams has been nominated ten times and has received one award.
On October 19 a Category 2 hurricane hit western Cuba.
It crossed Florida, and caused 52 deaths.
This was another short lived storm.
The Israel–Palestine conflict is a war and dispute that is still going on between the State of Israel and the Palestinians (some of which are represented by the Palestinian Authority, Fatah, or Hamas).
It is part of the wider Arab–Israeli conflict.
The dispute is over a specific area of land (what used to be the Mandatory Palestine area) that Palestinians and Israelis both claim.
Many attempts have been made to make a two-state solution, which would mean an independent Palestinian state and an Israeli state, dividing the land between the two groups.
Modern Aboriginal art still uses traditional symbols.
While the meaning of the symbols can be the same across Australia, they can also change within in a single painting.
A symbol such as a circle can be used as a circle within a circle, sometimes on its own or clustered in groups.
The meaning can depend on which tribe the artist is from.
The circles could be campfires, trees, hills, digging holes, water holes or a spring.
The meaning can be changed by the use of colour, so water could be blue or black.
Progesterone is a steroid hormone.
In animals, it is made from cholesterol.
It is the base for making certain estrogens and androgens.
In animals, it is produced by their body mainly during the second half of the menstrual cycle.
During pregnancy it is produced in higher quantities.
Willard Myron Allen co-discovered progesterone with his anatomy professor George Washington Corner at the University of Rochester Medical School in 1933 year.
Allen discovered temperature needed to melt it and its weight.
He also gave it the name Progesterone based on Progestational Steroidal ketone.
In one plant, Juglans regia, progesterone has been found.
Also progesterone-like steroids are found in Dioscorea mexicana.
Die Welt was founded in 1946.
The founder was the British Military Government in Germany.
Benrath was mentioned for the first time in 1222.
The first church of Benrath was built in 1002.
In the 14th century Benrode belonged to the Counts of Berg.
In the time of Industrial Revolution Benrath lied next to an important railway connection.
Benrath is in the South of Düsseldorf.
It has an area of 5.90 km² and 15,900 inhabitants.
There is a railway station in Benrath (Benrath Railway Station).
Until the 1980s, some long distance trains stopped in Benrath.
In the castle there is a museum.
Suphanburi was an ancient province.
Researchers found evidence that is over 2500 years old.
Artifacts have been found from the Stone Age, Iron Age and successive cultures including the Suwannapoom period, Funan, Aummarawadee and Sriwichai.
The general weather of Sukhothai follows the influence of the southwest monsoon and the northeast monsoon.
Seasons are separated into 3 seasons: summer, rainy and winter.
The spice was imported to Europe after it was discovered.
There were many tries to plant it in the East, but it did not work because the trees could not give a lot of fruit.
Even though it had a rich smell and a tasty flavor, allspice never had the same caché in Europe as cinnamon or pepper.
The English started taking the spice by ship to England in 1737, but by that time the want for spices had been taken over by other kinds of products such as sugar and coffee.
It was still a little popular in England though, where it came to be known as the English Spice.
These lizards are the top predators in the places where they live because they are so big.
Capparis decidua is commonly known as karir, kair, kirir, karril, Teent etc.
It is either a small tree with many branches or a shrub of the Thar desert and other hot and dry regions in southern Asia.
It has a lot of thin, leafless branches, the small leaves being found only on young shoots.
It rarely grows above a height of 5 meters (15 feet).
The berries can be eaten and mixed with sangri (beans from the tree Prosopis cineraria) form a vegetable dish called Kair sangri in Rajasthan, India, which is a delicacy to many.khair is also used for preparing pickle and can be stored for long time .
They are highly tolerant to salinity of soil (8 mmhos) .
The Pioneer program is the name of a few unmanned space missions done by NASA between 1958 and 1978.
The best-known of these probes were Pioneer 10 and 11, launched in 1972 and 1973 respectively.
Fancy rats do not have the diseases and illness as a wild rat would have.
Pygmy marmosets are the smallest marmosets and one of the smallest of all primates.
They inhabit Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and Colombia.
Most pygmy marmosets lives in troops of two to nine individuals, with a dominant male, a breeding female, and up to four successive litters of offspring.
The modal size of a standard stable troop would be 6 individuals.
This is a list of guineafowl species, presented in taxonomic order.
The United States Army Reserve is the reserve force of the United States Army.
People in the reserve forces are not full-time soldiers, they also have a civilian career.
The reserve forces of the US Army are made of the US Army reserve and the Army National Guard.
The chief minister of kpk is ( Mahmood khan).
Chief secretary is M.Salim.
Governor of kpk is ( Shah Farman).
I.G kpk is ( M.Naaem Khan).
Chief Minister of Education is Shafqat Mehmood.
Judge of High court is Waqar Ahmed Saith.
The Freestar had room for seven people inside.
It was front-wheel drive like the Ford Windstar and its sibling the Mercury Monterey.
The Freestar and Monterey minivan had nearly the same platform as the Windstar.
Rutherglen (pronounced: ruh-ther-glen) is a town in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Rutherglen comes from the Gaelic An Ruadh Ghleann, meaning the red valley.
In 1975, it lost its own local council and administratively became a component of the City of Glasgow.
In 1996 Rutherglen was reallocated to the South Lanarkshire council area.
Gartmore is a village in the Stirling council area, Scotland.
It is a picturesque little village with an excellent view of the Wallace Monument in Stirling, almost 25 miles away.
Alma was the first of three consecutive storms to come close to, or make landfall on, the Pacific coast of Mexico during a ten-day span.
Alma killed at least three people, and possibly twenty.
Three were killed when a house near Lazaro Cardenas collapsed.
There were unconfirmed reports that 17 people were killed by floods in Puebla from rains related to Alma.
Trees were downed and power was knocked out to many places.
Roads were flooded and covered with Debris.
Hurricane Boris was the second consecutive storm to approach close to Mexico.
It made landfall halfway between Acapulco and Lazaro Cardenas on June 29.
It killed ten people.
A flood caused by Boris on the San Jeronimo River left thousands homeless.
Cristina was the third cyclone to come close to Mexico in the space of ten days.
It killed a fisherman when his boat was caught at sea off Oaxaca.
At least 11 other fishing boats and 22 people were missing.
Their fate is unknown.
Damage in Mexico was relatively minor, with only a single casualty caused by a downed power line.
Kenna killed four people in Mexico and left thousands homeless.
Its total damage was from 5 to 100 million dollars.
Ioke quickly began to enter a process of rapid development; strengthening into a hurricane just 24 hours after it had formed.
While safely avoiding the Hawaiian Islands, it continued to rapidly intensify and became a major hurricane (Category 3 or greater) on the morning of August 21.
Later that day, Ioke intensified even further into a Category 4 hurricane.
On August 22, it began to weaken as a result of cooler water and eyewall replacement cycle, and was downgraded back to a Category 2.
As a Category 2 storm, Ioke affected Johnston Atoll.
// Return a list of all books with at least 'threshold' copies sold.
// using an interval of dx, which should be appropriately small.
In this example, the function named gradient makes a closure together with the variables f and dx.
The outer enclosing function named derivative returns this closure.
In this case, an anonymous function would work also.
Pakistan ranks fifth in the Muslim world and twentieth worldwide in farm output.
It is the world's fifth largest milk producer.
Bargeddie () is a small town in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, east of the junction of the M73 and M8 motorways, west of Coatbridge town centre.
A location in the same area is named in Timothy Pont's map of 1595, but it appears to be originally spelt as Balgedy.
Banff and surrounding areas have a local football team, Deveronvale F.C.
and a rugby team, Banff RFC.
Duff House Royal Golf course is bordered by the River Deveron and Duff House.Some interesting holes which can be difficult depending on the wind.
Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham, released on September 25, 2007.
The third-generation S60 will have the hybrid powertrain and will be one of the five new electric models launched in 2019 with the second generation V60 and a fully electric sports coupe.
The third generation of S60 and V60 will also be available as Polestar models.
Andrew Barton Banjo Paterson, (17 February 18645 February 1941) was a famous Australian bush poet, journalist and author.
He wrote many ballads and poems about Australian life.
He wrote about life in the country and outback areas of Australia.
Much of his work was about the area around Binalong, New South Wales where he spent much of his childhood.
Paterson's famous poems include Waltzing Matilda, The Man from Snowy River and Clancy of the Overflow.
Three movies have been made about The Man from Snowy River: The Man from Snowy River (1982), Return to Snowy River (1988), and The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular (2003).
He was born in Melbourne, Brady was involved in the early days of television.
He left school at the age of 18 and started working as a booth announcer at Channel Nine in 1958.
Tureaud made his neighbors in a Chicago suburb called Lake Forest angry.
He cut down more than a hundred oak trees on his estate.
This is now called The Lake Forest Chain Saw Massacre.
In 2018, Dion released the song Ashes, which appears on the soundtrack to the film Deadpool 2, starring fellow Canadian Ryan Reynolds.
The word Pakistani or Pakistanis () means from or about the country of the modern Islamic Republic of Pakistan partly consisting of the Indus Valley.
It refers to a person or people from Pakistan.
Khan started his career as a first-class cricketer in Lahore in 1968.
During his studies at the University of Oxford, he also played for their Blue's Cricket team.
Waging war against India.
Volta worked on the electrophorus that makes a static electric charge in 1775.
Volta also studied what we now call capacitance, developing separate means to study both electrical potential V and charge Q, and discovering that for a given object they are proportional.
This may be called Volta's Law of Capacitance, and likely for this work the unit of electrical potential has been named the volt.
Around 1791 he began to study animal electricity.
In this way he discovered Volta's Law of the electrochemical series, and the law that the electromotive force (emf formula_1) of a galvanic cell.
In 1800, he invented the voltaic pile, an early electric battery, which made a steady electric current.
It is credited as the first electrochemical cell.
Ultra High Frequency (UHF) is a electromagnetic radiation.
Especially its frequency is between 300 MHz and 3 GHz (3,000 MHz).
Because of short wavelength, UHF has strong directivity and it has small area.
UHF is commonly used for television signals.
It is strong enough to be protected from other signal, but because of its strong directivity, receiving error by an obstacle occurs more.
Hence it needs sensitive sensors.
U is energy and q is electric charge.
Because circuit's resistance is 0, there is no energy that transmits to heat energy, and U is maintained regularity.
Design of ASIC is gate array design, cell base design, embedded array design, standard cell design, and structured ASIC design.
Gate array design has elementary gate circuit at first base, (we) manufacture the products with putting ordered proper wire-layers.
Manufacturing is quick because a finished product needs only production of wire-layers and it is cheap because of mass production of its foundation.
Cell base design uses wire-layer between block that was designed and arranged and logical circuit.
and product is manufactured .
Structured ASIC design uses customization of standard subsystems to speed design and production.
The photoelectric effect is a phenomenon in physics.
The effect is based on the idea that electromagnetic radiation is made of a series of particles called photons.
When a photon hits an electron on a metal surface, the electron can be emitted.
The emitted electrons are called photoelectrons.
The effect is also called the Hertz Effect, because it was discovered by Heinrich Rudolf Hertz, but this name is not used often.
Louise was born at Buckingham Palace, the main British royal home in London.
Her mother was Queen Victoria, and her father was Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Louise spent much of her early life moving between the different royal homes that her parents stayed in.
These included Buckingham Palace; Osborne House on the Isle of Wight; Windsor Castle in Berkshire; and Balmoral Castle in Scotland.
The Sacred Chao and Five fingered hand of ERIS are the most recognized symbols of Discordianism.
The bare-faced curassow (Crax fasciolata) Spanish muitu is a species of bird in the Cracidae family, the chachalacas, guans, curassows, etc.
A diacritic is a mark put above, below, through or on a letter.
Some examples of diacritics are an acute accent or a grave accent.
The word comes from the Greek word διακριτικός (transl.
diakritikós, 'distinguishing').
He has been voiced by Frank Welker ever since the character's first appearance in 1969.
Freddie Prinze Jr.
roles the portrayal of Fred in the two Raja Gosnell movies.
English was introduced to Singapore by the British in 1819.
The British established a port, later a colony, on the island.
English had been the administrative language of the colonial government, and when Singapore gained self-government in 1959 and independence in 1965, the local government decided to keep English as the working language.
It is not against the law to speak mother tongue during working hours.
It is against the law to forbid people speaking their mother tongue anywhere at work as long as it does not harm the business and/or compromise safety at work.
The title has a long history in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, as it is found in the Rigveda.
It can also be used as a name for non-royal people in South Asia.
Supercomputer types include: shared memory, distributed memory and array.
Supercomputers with shared memory are developed by using a parallel computing and pipelining concept.
Supercomputers with distributed memory consist of many (about 100~10000) nodes.
CRAY series of CRAYRESERCH and VP 2400/40, NEC의 SX-3 of HUCIS are shared memory types.
nCube 3, iPSC/860, AP 1000, NCR 3700, Paragon XP/S, CM-5 are distributed memory types.
According to an NTSC standard, SDTV broadcasts in three ways.
First, at ratio of length and width 16:9 and resolution 720x480.
Lastly, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 640x480.
The first one has best quality, second one is next, and the last one is the worst.
The screen's frame can be 24, 30, 60 per second.
These are similar level with DVD.
As mentioned at the 'Definition' tab, it has a better resolution than analog TV system, and has lower resolution than HDTV.
The years 1899 and 1900 were the best years for electric cars in America, as they outsold all other types of cars (steam, gasoline and diesel).
One example was the 1902 Phaeton built by the Woods Motor Vehicle Company of Chicago, which had a range of 18 miles, a top speed of 14 mph and cost $2,000.
(At that time, there were few good roads between towns, so most driving was for short distances).
Electric cars could go as far as steam-powered cars and did not take 30 to 40 minutes to get started.
Gasoline engines were smelly and noisy.
Kempen is a town in Germany.
It is about northwest of Düsseldorf, and east of Venlo.
It was once a center of textile making, silk, cotton, and linen.
There are several kinds of Doenjang; Chungukjang, Makjang, Dambukjang, BbamjangBbagaejang, Patjang, Jipjang, Garoojang, and Borijang.
Each is made in different ways using different ingredients or at different times of the year.
For example, Chungukjang is made within two to three days, whereas the other take longer time to make.
Patjang uses red bean.
Makjang is made in Spring.
Many traditional Korean foods, which are well known as healthy food, uses Doenjang as their ingredients.
Doenjang Jjigae and Chungukjang JJigae are examples of this.
Multan is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It is the capital of the Multan District.
Called the City of the Saints, the history of the city goes back more than 5,000 years.
Although the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season was below average, Hurricane Andrew was the exception to that.
This hurricane blasted the Bahamas, southeast Florida and south central Louisiana.
Andrew did not make flooding in New Orleans.
Contrary to typical, damage from Hurricane Andrew was caused almost entirely by high winds rather than storm surge in Florida and Louisiana.
This storm caused between $23 billion and $37 billion in damage (1992 USD) and between 56 and 68 fatalities, making Andrew the costliest Atlantic hurricane to hit the United States.
Bull sharks have a very sturdy body, and have a blunt, rounded snout, giving the Bull shark its name.
The first dorsal fin is large and widely triangular with a pointed tip.
The second dorsal fin is noticeably smaller.
The pectoral fins are also large, and have sharp tips.
Bull sharks have quite small eyes as compared to other carcharhinid sharks, which might mean that vision is not a very important hunting tool for this species which is usually found in muddy waters.
Bull sharks are usually pale to dark grey above, and their undersides are white.
In young Bull sharks, the fins have black tips which turn to a dusky colour as they grow.
The Bull shark is found in tropical and subtropical coastal waters worldwide as well as in many river systems and some freshwater lakes.
They have been reported 3700 km (2220 miles) up the Amazon River in Peru, and over 3000 km (1800 miles) up the Mississippi River in Illinois.
A group of Bull sharks found in Lake Nicaragua (Central America) was once thought to be landlocked, but they found access to the ocean through rivers and estuaries.
In the western Atlantic Bull sharks migrate north along the coast of the U.S during summer, swimming as far north as Massachusetts, and then return to tropical climates when the coastal waters cool.
Even though humans are not on their diet, bull sharks have been known to be very aggressive towards humans.
This shark can be a danger to people since many people don't have the knowledge that Bull sharks can be found in rivers and freshwater.
Almost all of the close to shore shark attacks on humans have been caused by this species.
They are listed as the 3rd largest risk to humans when it comes to sharks.
They are only behind the Great White Shark and the Tiger shark.
According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), Bull sharks are responsible for at least 69 unprovoked attacks on humans around the world, 17 of which have resulted in deaths.
However, this species is likely to be responsible for many more attacks, and has been considered by many experts to be the most dangerous shark in the world.
Because of its large size, its ability to enter freshwater, and the fact that it is found inshore, it might be more of a threat to humans than either the Great White Shark or the Tiger shark.
Since the Bull shark is found in many Third World regions including Central America, Mexico, India, east and west Africa, the Middle East, southeast Asia, and south Pacific islands, attacks are often not reported.
The Bull shark is also not as easily identifiable as the Great White or the Tiger shark, so it is likely to be responsible for a large percentage of attacks with unidentified culprits.
Kali is one of the main goddesses of Hindus.
She is a very powerful goddess.
Sometimes she is also called Chandi.
Durga and Kali killed many asuras (demons) who used to disturb human beings.
Eraclea is a town in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy.
SP42 goes through it.
If the charge is positive, the direction of the electric force is equal to direction of electric field.
Tropical Depression Five-E formed south of Mexico on July 26.
Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Darby, and only four hours later, at 2 am (0900 UTC) on July 27, is upgraded to Hurricane Darby.
It moved due west at this point, aiming directly for the big island of Hawaii.
It reached Category 3 strength on July 29, the first major hurricane in the northeastern Pacific basin since 2002.
However, long before it reached Hawaii, it lost strength and dissipated on the evening of July 31.
Tropical Depression Eleven_E formed from a tropical wave about 400 mi.
southwest of Acapulco, Mexico and headed northwest, steadily strengthening as it did so.
Howard peaked briefly as a Category 4 and then started to weaken.
By the time Howard reached a point off the coast of the Baja peninsula, it was only a tropical storm.
Howard weakened further, becoming a tropical depression on September 5 and degenerated into a remnant low later that day.
The low hooked around and headed southwest.
Howard dissipated on September 10 without making landfall.
Warnings began to be issued on September 15 for Baja California.
While Javier peaked at Category 4, with windspeeds of 150 mph (240 km/h), it weakened dramatically before striking land south of San Ignacio in Baja Sur as only a tropical depression.
Its remnants continued over Baja and inland.
Murray Gold (born 1969 in Portsmouth) is an English composer for stage, movie, and television.
Click the link on the far left for detailed information on that series.
The mass, radius, and luminosity listed for each class are appropriate only for stars on the main-sequence portion of their lives and so are not appropriate for red giants and blue and red supergiants.
The spectral classes O through M are subdivided by Arabic numerals (0–9).
For example, A0 denotes the hottest stars in the A class and A9 denotes the coolest ones.
The Sun is classified as G2.
NU stands for Naresuan University.
The first symbol of this university is the statue of King Naresuan the great.
The second is the King Naresuan’s elephant.
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a book by Stephen R.
Covey.
In 1845, German physicist Gustav Kirchhoff described two laws about electrical circuits..
These laws are generalizations of Ohm's law.
Kirchhoff's current law is also known as Kirchhoff's first law and Kirchhoff's junction law.
This law states that 'The sum of current into a junction equals the sum of current out of the junction'.
In a junction, the electric charge's sum preservation law is applied.
If the entering value of the current is i2 and i3, this current splits into the current of i1 and i4.
Then the equation (i1 + i4 = i2 + i3) is satisfied.
The right picture gives an example.
This Kirchhoff's first law is that charge is not destroyed or created in a junction point.
Any complex circuit can be divided into many closed circuits.
This law means that in the circuit there is an electric cell and electric resistance.
The electric cell gives the charge a electromotive force, and then the electric resistance dissipates this force.
But in electric resistance if the direction is opposite of the current's direction, this electric resistance adds to the electromotive force.
There are also provincial languages, Balochi language, Pashto, Saraiki, Sindhi and Punjabi, and one semi-provincial language Koshur (Kashmiri language).
To do so, cartoonist Heo Young-Man based on a thorough collection of data by himself.
He went everywhere if you could gather a information about his comic.
Tajja won high praises without stint through its production that perfectly penetrated the material and a reality which it makes us an illusion like we are watching a movie.
The story is about a guy who is born in South Korea, Busan.
He was a normal child as others.
But one day he went to a gambling house by coincidence.
That was the problem, he lost all of his money, and brought his sisters money which must be used in a marriage of her sister.
The feeling of a static electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body.
Due to the presence of much water in the body, the charge is generally not enough to cause a dangerously high current.
Lightning is also an example of static discharge.
A cloud gets a very huge charge by clashing with other clouds.
It gives off the excess charge to the ground.
But this huge charge never occurs in the human's surroundings naturally, unless he is struck by the lightning.
Some megabats are vectors of dangerous diseases.
Only three people are known to have survived the bat-borne Hendra virus.
Traveling night and day, the gray whale averages approximately per day at an average speed of .
This round trip of is believed to be the longest annual migration of any mammal.
Le Père Fouettard (French for The whipping Father) was a character who went with Saint Nicholas in his rounds at Christmas giving the naughty children the whip while St.
Nick gives gifts to the well behaved.
The basking shark is one of the most recognizable species of all sharks.
Its large size and extended gill slits which nearly encircle the head and caudal fin together, helps distinguish it from all other species.
It has a snout which is in the shape of a cone, and it has many large gill rakers made for filter feeding.
Its enormous mouth extends past the small eyes and contains many small, hooked teeth.
The basking shark has a very large liver that makes up to 25% of its body weight.
The liver is high in squalene, a low-density hydrocarbon that helps the shark float and not sink.
The dorsal surface of the basking shark is mainly a greyish-brown colour, but can range from dark grey to almost black.
The underside is usually the same colour, but is often paler and more whiter.
Basking sharks are usually found travelling in pairs or groups of up to 100 or more, but are sometimes seen travelling alone.
It is not fully understood why they have such a different behaviour to other shark species, as they seem to travel alone and in groups.
They are highly migrational, and in the winter months they will be harder to find as they go to the deeper parts of the water to find food.
Siapa nama awak?
On September 24, Arizona Governor Jane Dee Hull activated an emergency response center to prepare the state's response to the flash flooding the storm would cause on the dry desert floor, and Yuma residents began to fill about 55,000 sandbags to contain the possible flooding.
Hull also activated the state's National Guard, and sent drinking water and electric generators to Yuma.
Farther inland, the National Weather Service issued flash flood watches for western Arizona, southeastern California, southwestern Colorado, southern Nevada and southern Utah on September 26.
The school has a set of simple rules it calls honor code.
Many schools have rules similar to Episcopal's Honor Code.
The Oryx (also called the sabre antelope) is a fast-running hoofed mammal that lives in dry regions of Africa and Asia (including the Arabian peninsula).
They live in steppes (sparse grasslands), semi-deserts, and deserts.
These antelopes congregate in herds of 8 to 60 oryx.
Newborn calves can run with the herd within minutes of their birth.
Oryxes have a life span of about 20 years.
Some people think that the unicorn of legend was based upon the oryx.
The Oryx is an herbivore (a plant-eater).
It eats grasses, shrubs and roots, spending most of its time grazing.
Oryx are ruminants; they swallow their food without chewing it.
After a while, they regurgitate a partly-digested cud which they chew and then swallow for the last time.
When Costa asked his question, the Shannon–Hartley theorem (and the more general noisy-channel coding theorem) was well known.
The Shannon–Hartley theorem tells us that, all else being equal, a paper sent along a path that picks up less dirt can reliably deliver more information than another paper sent along a path that picks up more dirt.
A dirty paper code is a way for the writer to adapt his message to the dirt already on the paper.
A similar problem called writing on dirty tape (WDT) is more complicated.
Dingle is a town in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland.
It has a large natural harbour.
James White was the first European settler in the area.
He started Burrangong Station (farm) in 1826 by taking an area of 100 square miles.
Tyne and Wear Metro is a rapid transit system in Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead, South Tyneside, North Tyneside and Sunderland.
Emir (; female: '; emira; (Persian and Urdu: ') commander or general, also prince; also transliterated as amir, aamir or ameer) is a high title of nobility or office.
It is used throughout the Arab world and historically in some Turkic states and Afghanistan.
Emirs are usually considered high-ranking sheiks, but in monarchical states the term is also used for princes; then emirate means more or less the same as principality in this context.
Leonard Constant Lambert (23 August 1905 – 21 August 1951) was a British composer and conductor.
He soon became very famous.
His best known work is The Rio Grande for piano solo, chorus and orchestra.
It has a mixture of musical styles: jazz, habaneras and the influence of Delius and Duke Ellington.
Coleridge-Taylor died in Holborn, London.
His black father was a doctor from Sierra Leone, his mother was English.
His parents were not married.
The father went back to Africa by February 1875.
He had the job of coroner for the British Empire in the Gambia in the late 1890s.
He did not know anything about his son’s existence.
The Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro is a Catholic university based in the neighborhood Gavea in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
It was founded in 1941 by D.
Sebastião Leme and the Rev.
Leonel Franca, and was officially recognized in January 15, 1946.
The National symbols of Pakistan (Urdu:); Each Country of the world adopts some signs or emblems, which they regard as the representative of their country traits.
Pakistan has several “Official National Symbols.
Pakistanis have several official National symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower as well as several national heroes.
The symbols were adopted at various stages in the existence of Pakistan and there are various rules and regulations governing their definition or use.
The town is about 20 miles (32 km) to the east of London.
It is on the north bank of the River Thames, and near the M25 motorway.
-You find Jasper in this level.
-Horace is found in this level.
-Defeat Cruella to unlock the mini game Tilt Maze.
-Le Pelt will be found inside the Pyramid in the Egyptian exhibit.
-Jasper will be found here.
When you find the dunk tank after talking to the turtle Shelby, he will appear.
-Defeat Cruella to unlock the mini game Checkers.
-Horace will show up near Stonehenge.
-Jasper shows up for the 3rd time in this level.
-Defeat Cruella and you will unlock the mini game Ice Race.
-Le Pelt shows up again in this level.
-Horace appears in this level.
By the early seventeenth century there was a lot of small brick and tile making companies and during this time pieces of common land were given for house building and small businesses.
By the early eighteenth century brick making had been extended and four shops and one or two drinking houses were established on the common.
Brickmaking by hand still happened until very recently, by Keymer Tiles (formerly the Keymer Brick and Tile company) whose tiles can be found in buildings such as St.
James Church, Piccadilly and Manchester Central Station (now G-Mex).
John Ireland was born in Bowdon, Greater Manchester.
His father, who was 70 years old, was a publisher who owned a newspaper.
He had married for a second time after his wife had died, and John was the youngest of five children from the second marriage.
His mother was 30 years younger than her husband.
When John was 14 his mother died, and his father died the next year.
On 10 September 1949, his 70th birthday was celebrated in a special Prom concert.
The soloist in the Piano Concerto was the pianist Eileen Joyce, who later made the first gramophone recording of the concerto.
The county town of Angus is Forfar, but its largest town is Dundee.
Dundee is not part of the council area but is a council area on its own.
Burnley is a town in Lancashire, England, UK.
It is not far from the border with West Yorkshire.
Burnley is a large market town in the north west of England.
It has a population of about 70,000.
It lies approximately 34 km north of Manchester and 40 km east of Preston at the confluence of the River Calder and River Brun.
Burnley grew larger during the industrial revolution when it was home to many cotton mills and was one of the world’s largest producers of cotton cloth.
Since the mills closed, Burnley has become one of the poorest towns in Britain.
Houses in Burnley are on average the cheapest in the UK.
Cornell, a research university, produces the fourth largest number of graduates in the world who go on to pursue PhDs in engineering or the natural sciences at American institutions.
It is also fifth in the world in producing graduates who pursue PhDs at American institutions in any field.
Research is a central element of Cornell's mission.
In 2009 Cornell spent $671 million on science and engineering research and development.
This makes it the 16th highest in the United States.
In 1984, the National Science Foundation began work on establishing five new supercomputer centers, including the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing, to provide high-speed computing resources for research within the United States.
In 1985, a team from the National Center for Supercomputing Applications began the development of NSFNet, a TCP/IP-based computer network that could connect to the ARPANET, at the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
This high-speed network, unrestricted to academic users, became a backbone to which regional networks would be connected.
Initially a 56-kbit/s network, traffic on the network grew exponentially; the links were upgraded to 1.5 Mbit/s T1s in 1988 and to 45 Mbit/s in 1991.
The NSFNet was a major milestone in the development of the Internet and its rapid growth coincided with the development of the World Wide Web.
Bolognese sauce is a sauce made with meat that is then mixed with pasta before eating.
It is called Ragù alla bolognese in Italy.
The sauce came from Bologna in Italy.
Pugs can also be hurt by necrotizing meningoencephalitis (NME).
NME is an inflammation of the brain and meninges.
It is also known as pug dog encephalitis (PDE).
There is no known cure or explanation for NME, although most people believe it is a disease that dogs may inherit from their mother or father.
All dogs usually die within a few months after this disease, which usually happens from 6 months to 7 years of age.
In 1902 he gave up his organ job.
He left all his best anthems and organ music in the church library, and these were thrown out in 1915 when the church moved so most of them are lost.
Perhaps the piece which is most often heard today is the short fanfare The Unanswered Question (1908), written for the very unusual combination of trumpet, four flutes, and string orchestra.
The strings, playing from behind the stage, play very slow, chorale-like music throughout the piece while several times the trumpet (playing from behind the audience) plays a short group of notes that Ives described as the eternal question of existence.
Each time the trumpet is answered with harsh outbursts from the flutes (onstage) — apart from the last one.
That is the question that is left unanswered.
Musicians often have discussions about what the real meaning of the piece is.
Cootamundra is a town in New South Wales, Australia.
In 2006 there were 5,566 people living in Cootamundra.
It is on the Olympic Highway where it crosses the Muttama Creek, between Junee and Cowra.
Cootamundra's railway station is on the main Melbourne-to-Sydney railway line.
Happy Xmas (War Is Over) is a Christmas song by John Lennon, Yoko Ono and The Plastic Ono Band.
Anton Reicha (born 26 February 1770; died 28 May 1836) was a Czech-born composer who became naturalized French.
He was a lifelong friend of Beethoven.
Yellow fever is spread through the bite of an infected mosquito.
The name of the mosquito which commonly carries the virus is Aedes Aegypti.
The female carries the disease.
The Opéra-Comique put on first performances of many famous operas, especially Bizet's Carmen on 3 March 1875 and Debussy's only opera, Pelléas et Mélisande, on 30 April 1902.
Berlioz's The Damnation of Faust was also first performed there on 6 December 1846.
That first performance was a disaster.
Scott was educated at Edinburgh High and the University of Edinburgh, graduating in 1783.
After spending some time in his father's office he became a barrister in 1792.
In 1797 he married Charlotte Charpentier and in 1799 was appointed deputy Sheriff of Selkirkshire.
He now began to write books in earnest.
An even more unusual move is the en passant capture.
Martha Jones is introduced in the 2007 series of Doctor Who, first appearing in the episode Smith and Jones.
When the hospital she works at is moved to the Moon, Martha helps save the day alongside an alien time traveller known only as the Doctor (David Tennant).
To thank her for her help, the Doctor invites her to join him for one trip in his time machine the TARDIS, but he later accepts her as his full-time companion, admitting that she was never just a passenger, and he even gives her the key to the TARDIS.
Nevertheless, she becomes frustrated because the Doctor does not realise her feelings for him, When the Doctor falls in love(while believing himself to be a human) in the Human Nature/The Family of Blood two-parter, a pained Martha claims You had to go and fall in love with a human...
and it wasn't me.
In the last episode of the series she spends a year travelling the world in a plan which saves the Doctor and reverses time, undoing the Master's actions.
Alberto formed from a north-moving tropical depression north of the Yucatán Peninsula on July 2.
Tropical Storm Alberto continued north, making landfall near Destin, Florida on July 3 as a moderately strong tropical storm.
The storm weakened quickly to a tropical depression, which then moved around Georgia and Alabama until it dissipated on July 7.
Damage was guessed at $500 million (1994 USD) and 30 deaths were caused by the effects of Tropical Storm Alberto.
An area of disturbed weather, related to Tropical Depression Eight, moved across the northwest Caribbean Sea and the Yucatán Peninsula.
A tropical wave moved into the area, causing an increase in showers and cloudiness.
The wave became Tropical Depression Ten on September 29 about 150 miles off the coast of Cuba.
The system became better-organized and when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico, it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on 30th.
Tropical Depression Ten caused $5 million in damage (1994 USD).
Florence, at first formed as a subtropical depression in the central Atlantic on November 2.
As it northwest, it took on tropical characteristics and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Florence on the 4th.
It reached hurricane strength, then turned to the northeast and on November 6, as it was picked up by a strong trough.
Two days later Florence was absorbed by the same trough that made it turn northeast.
There was no reported damage.
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly and damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina.
The storm was very slow moving on its path over the Caribbean.
This storm killed over 1100 people (estimates range between 500 and 2300 people dead through Haiti and the central Caribbean islands, including Jamaica and Cuba).
The storm's strange motion was making Hurricane Gordon hard to forecast where it would actually go and where it would reach land.
Damage was guessed to be at $400 million (1994 US dollars).
The units soon became non-standard and two were sold back to the manufacturer who exported them to Trinidad and Tobago.
Another unit was converted into departmental service, and survived in BR ownership until the early 1980s.
Tropical Storm Gabrielle formed on August 9 and nearly became a hurricane but it made landfall in Mexico, near La Pesca, Tamaulipas, on August 11.
Tropical Storm Gabrielle dissipated the next day without ever reaching hurricane status causing no damage or deaths.
Tropical Depression Fourteen started on September 9.
Fourteen moved mostly to the northwest, which made it further from land.
It never became a tropical storm before it died on September 13.
The piazza is made by four buildings.
The principal residence, Palazzo Piccolomini, is on the west side.
The Duomo (Cathedral), which dominates the center of the piazza, has a façade that is one of the earliest designed in the Renaissance manner.
Artworks in the Duomo include five altar paintings from the Sienese School.
The Baptistry, dedicated as usual to San Giovanni.
The Palazzo Borgia, on the third side of the piazza, was built as the palace to house the bishops who would travel to Pienza to attend the Pope.
Inside the palace there is the Diocesan Museum, and the Museo della Cattedrale.
The collection includes a lot of religious artifacts.
Paintings include a 7th-century painting of Christ on the Cross (La Croce), 14th century works by Pietro Lorenzetti (Madonna with Child) and Bartolo di Fredi (Madonna della Misericordia).
There are also important works from the 14th and 15th centuries, including a Madonna attributed to Luca Signorelli.
The interactive whiteboard must be connected to an PC before you can use the whiteboard.
Most whiteboards are connected to the computer's Serial port or to a USB port.
Some newer systems can use a wireless connection to the computer.
Some researchers think the skeleton shows evidence that Sue suffered from the painful condition known as gout.
William & Mary educated U.S.
Presidents Thomas Jefferson, James Monroe, and John Tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation, including U.S.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, Speaker of the House Henry Clay and 16 signers of the Declaration of Independence.
In 2008, the college had 5,850 undergraduate students and 2,042 graduate and professional students in and gave 1,454 bachelors, 440 masters, and 209 professional degrees.
Slate quarrying began in the hills above Tywyn in the 1830s.
Although many small quarries and test levels were established, only one major quarry was developed in the region.
It was at Bryn Eglwys, north east of the town.
Underground working began in the early 1840s.
By 1847 the quarry was being worked by local landowner John Pughe.
The finished slates were sent by packhorse to the wharf at Pennal.
They were then transferred to boats for a river trip to Aberdyfi (also known as Aberdovey).
Finally they were loaded into seagoing vessels.
This was a complex and expensive transportation arrangement which limited the quarry's output.
In 1861 the outbreak of the American Civil War cut off supplies of cotton to the mills of the north west of England.
As a result a number of prosperous mill owners looked for new business opportunities to diversify their interests.
One such owner was William McConnel of Lancashire.
In 1859 he purchased a house near Dolgellau, north of Tywyn.
In January 1864, McConnel formed the Aberdovey Slate Company.
The company leased the land including Bryn Eglwys from the landowner, Lewis Morris of Machynlleth.
When the railway re-opened again it needed a lot of work done to it to fix things and update it.
They bought two more steam locomotives from Corris Railway in 1951.
They were named Sir Haydn and Edward Thomas.
In 1951, Sir Haydn became the first new locomotive to travel on Talyllyn Railway in over 80 years.
It derailed a lot because the Talyllyn Railway was slightly wider than the Corris Railway.
Eventually this was fixed by changing the width of the railway and changing parts of the locomotive wheels.
The Edward Thomas needed a lot of service, but it was too expensive to fix.
A man who was on the Preservation Society board of directors, John Alcock, had his company, the Hunslet Engine Company fix it for free.
On Christmas Eve, the day of her wedding, she is accidentally pulled into the TARDIS because she has been drugged with Huon particles by her fiancé, Lance Bennett, because he was told to do so by Empress of the Racnoss.
She aids the Doctor in defeating the Racnoss Empress, but says no to his invitation to travel with him — she is frightened not only by his adventures, but also by the Doctor himself.
Having seen him commit genocide on the Racnoss, she urges him to find a new companion to act as his moral support.
It was revealed later in Turn Left that the Doctor would have been killed while stopping the Racnoss if Donna was not there.
The Master and the Doctor are shown to have similar levels of intelligence, and were classmates on Gallifrey.
This is mentioned several times in different stories (The Five Doctors, The Sea Devils and Terror of the Autons).
In the 2007 episode Utopia, the Doctor calls the disguised Master a genius and shows an immense admiration for his intellect before discovering who he is.
In the original Doctor Who series, the Master's TARDISes have fully functioning chameleon circuits and have appeared as many things.
Daniel Faulkner (December 21, 1955 – December 9, 1981) was a Philadelphia police officer who was murdered on December 9, 1981.
The suspect convicted of the murder was Mumia Abu-Jamal.
Abu-Jamal received the death penalty which was later reduced to a life sentence without parole.
The circumstances surrounding the conviction has led activists to unsuccessfully protest for Abu-Jamal's release from prison.
Piombino is a town and commune in the province of Livorno (Tuscany), Italy, on the border between the Ligurian Sea and the Tyrrhenian Sea, in front of Elba Island and at the northern side of Maremma.
Orbetello is a town and commune in the province of Grosseto (Tuscany), Italy.
It is about south of Grosseto, on a lagoon, which is an important Natural Reserve.
Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River.
Colle di Val d'Elsa or Colle Val d'Elsa is a town and comune in Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Siena.
It has a population of c.
20,000 inhabitants (2005).
Its name in Italian means Hill of Elsa Valley, where Elsa is the name of the river which crosses it.
Today, Colle di Val d'Elsa is internationally renowned for the production of crystal glassware and art, largely produced in the industrial lower town.
The British Rail Class 141 was the first production model of the Pacer diesel multiple units.
The Class 220 Voyager is a class of diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation for the British train operating company Virgin Trains, but are now operated by CrossCountry.
They are air-conditioned throughout, with powered doors and a top speed of .
They were introduced to replace the thirty-year-old High Speed Train and Class 47 fleets.
The trains were built between 2000 and 2001 and the first train entered service on 5 June 2001.
The train is still operating currently in 2023 in parts of the United Kingdom.
Trains like the Class 220 have made appearances in multiple popular Video Games as a result.
All Class 373 sets were built as tri-voltage, able to operate on 25 kV 50 Hz AC (LGVs, Eurotunnel, High Speed 1, UK overhead electrified lines) and 3 kV DC (Belgian classic lines) using pantographs, and 750 V DC (UK third rail network) using third-rail pickup shoes.
The shoes were retracted when switching to overhead power.
After the opening of High Speed 1in 2007, overhead electrification is used throughout and the third rail shoes had been removed.
Five of the SNCF-owned sets are quadri-voltage, able to operate from 1,500 V DC (French lignes classiques) in the south of France, used on London–Avignon and ski services.
Nearly all the cyberman costumes were silver in colour and included items and material such as cloth, rubber diving suits, PVC, chest units, tubing, practice golf balls, cricketers' gloves, and silver-painted Doc Martens boots.
A BBC Cyberman costume from the black & white era of TV has recently been discovered.
The Cybermen also use smaller, cybernetic creatures called cybermats to attack.
In their first appearance in The Tomb of the Cybermen, they resembled big metal fish and had segmented bodies with hair sensor probes along the base of their heads, which were topped with eyes.
The Second Doctor described them as a form of metallic life,.
The second model of cybermat seen in The Wheel in Space was used for sabotage, able to listen to human brainwaves.
They were carried to the Wheel in small sacs that sank through the walls of the space station, causing drops in air pressure.
Christian rock started as Jesus music and piano in church but has become a form of modern music that has become more popular.
Some Christian rock bands such as Switchfoot and P.O.D.
have become popular even with fans who are not Christians.
Belley has a population, in 2014, of 8,983, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Bourg-en-Bresse has a population, in 2014, of 40,967 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Gex's population, in 2014 was 11,141 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Nantua has a population, in 2014, of 3,534 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Leedsichthys fossils are incomplete, making it impossible to know the exact length.
The fossil is named after its discoverer, Alfred Nicholson Leeds, who discovered it before 1886 near Peterborough, England.
No full fossil is known, mainly because parts of the skeleton were made of cartilage, which does not fossilise.
When Oddworld became digital only in 2010, they released a package for the PC called the OddBoxx.
This package contains all four Oddworld games together and they can all be downloaded at once.
It is also available on the PS3.
In 2013 Oddworld released a bundle called the AbeBoxx for the PS3 which contains all two Abe games.
Phosgene is a strong poison.
Its smell may not be noticed.
Signs of exposure may sometimes be detected slowly.
The club was founded in 1970.
In 2007, the Urawa Reds were the first Japanese team to reach the finals of the Asian Champions League.
The club was founded in 1998.
Football started in Austria around 1890.
In 1924 a professional league started and the champion was called Austrian Champion, although only teams of the metropolitan area of Vienna played here.
It was the first professional league outside of the United Kingdom.
An amateur league was founded in 1928.
From 1938 till 1945 Austria was occupied by Nazi Germany and there was no Austrian league.
After the Second World War an Austria-wide league was founded in 1948.
The league had different numbers of members (10 to 18) and names.
The shark has around fifty rows of very small teeth on each jaw, but only three rows are usable.
Females seem to have fewer teeth rows than males.
The upper and lower jaws have a symphyseal (where the two halves of the jaw meet) toothless space, but it is larger in the upper jaw.
A difference between the upper and lower teeth was recognized on a female specimen: the first five upper teeth are smaller than the first five lower teeth.
The maximum length reported for the Megamouth shark is 5.5 metres (18 feet).
Males mature when they are 4 metres (13 feet) long, and females mature when they are 5 metres (16 feet) long.
Goldmark composed six operas, including Die Königin von Saba (The Queen of Sheba).
It was very popular during his lifetime and continued to be performed by the Vienna State Opera until 1938.
His Violin Concerto No.
1 was also very popular indeed, then it lay forgotten for many years.
It is very Romantic and sounds very Hungarian.
How do people take the raw herbs?Raw herbs are usually taken orally by extracting the essence out of them.
The natural way being practiced since ancient time is to boil and brew the herbal package in water to get a dark brown solution called herb tea that never tastes good.
One hour of brewing should be good enough.
Then you drink one or two cups a day.
Honey or sugar may be added to make it taste less bad.
The herbal package can be conveniently modified by changing some ingredients to make it work for you.
So an herbal package is really tailor-made for you only.
Guinarthe-Parenties on May 16 1845.
Sang was killed in Kenya during the riots about the election.
He was killed when a group of men threw stones and rocks at him.
His body was later burned.
In medieval history, Ifriqiya or Ifriqiyah () was the area of the coastal regions of what are today western Libya, Tunisia, and eastern Algeria.
This area included what had been the Roman province of Africa.
Hialeah is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.
A register, in linguistics, is the way people use different words, spelling or grammar—talk or write differently—to different people, in different situations.
They might be more polite to strangers, for example.
Or they will be more respectful to their boss at work.
Japanese uses the Roman alphabet as well as kanji, hiragana, and katakana.
It is often used to put Japanese words on a computer.
Windows Mobile 6.0 was released in February 2007 and had a kernel powered by Windows CE 6.x.
6.1 in 2008 was much the same, and 6.5, released in 2009/2010, was the last version.
Microsoft ended sale of Windows Mobile devices on June 13, 2010 and ended all support of it on August 21, 2010.
Koch developed a system to check whether a microorganism caused a disease.
The system was four questions, known as Koch's postulate.
Dubois is a city in Idaho in the United States.
The Manucodia is a genus of the bird of paradise that has five medium-sized members.
Members of this genus are monogamous and sexually monomorphic.
The Mayor since 2001 has been Luc tordeux.
He was re-elected in 2008.
The next elections are in 2014.
The Courcelles sur Vesle castle was built in 1694.
It was ordered by the Baron Jacques de la Grange.
Hargicourt, Aisne is a commune.
It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The motto « Vetus lucus semper virens » (Old sacred wood still green) suggests it might have been a place of cult during Antiquity.
Béthune is a commune.
It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Neulette is a commune.
It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
The number of people living in Questrecques goes up most years.
Stroud is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.
In the 2020 census it had a population of 2,719.
Carlisle is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Carlisle is the county seat, of Nicholas County.
SNMP agents expose management data on the managed systems as variables (such as free memory, system name, number of running processes, default route).
St.
Matthews is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Appomattox is a town in Virginia in the United States.
During the Civil War, Culpeper was a crossroads for a number of armies marching through central Virginia, with both Union and Confederate forces occupying the town by turn.
In the heart of downtown, the childhood home of Confederate General A.P.
Hill stands at the corner of Main and Davis streets.
One block north on Main St.
(present location of Piedmont Realty) was the frame house where The Gallant Major John Pelham died after being wounded at the Battle of Kelly's Ford.
Lisle is a village in the state of Illinois in the United States.
It has two high schools, two junior highs, and an elementary school.
Valparaiso is a city in Indiana in the United States.
Clearfield is a city in Iowa in the United States.
Elgin and the neighboring towns of Clermont and Wadena made up the Valley Community School district.
Due to smaller class sizes and less aid from the state of Iowa, Valley combined services in 2013 with the nearby North Fayette School district, which comprises the towns of West Union, Hawkeye and Fayette.
The combined district is now called North Fayette Valley, with the middle school being in Elgin and the high school in West Union.
The school's mascot is now called the Tigerhawks (from a combination of the two schools' mascots, the Tigers and the Hawks, respectively).
Exira is well known for its Fourth of July parties, which have been celebrated since 1861.
The morning parade and the evening fireworks draw thousands of visitors to the town.
Other attractions in the area include the Plow in the Oak Park, south of Exira on Highway 71, and Littlefield Recreation Area, southeast of Exira, which features a lake, prairie restoration area and a live bison pair.
Acherontia lachesis is a large (up to 13 cm wingspan) Sphingid moth found in India and much of the Oriental region, one of the three species of Death's-head Hawkmoth, also known as the Bee Robber.
The next two examples introduce another metaphor, that of the siren.
The Australian katydid Chlorobalius leucoviridis can attract male cicadas by imitating the species-specific reply clicks of sexually receptive female cicadas.
Playback experiments show that C.
leucoviridis is able to attract males of many cicada species, even though cicada mating signals are species-specific.
Female fireflies of the genus Photuris emit the same light signals that females of other genera use as a mating signal.
Further research showed male fireflies from several different genera are attracted to these mimics, and are subsequently captured and eaten.
Female signals are based on that received from the male, each female having a repertoire of signals matching the delay and duration of the female of the corresponding species.
The raccoon dog (Nyctereutes procyonoides), also known as the mangut, tanuki, or neoguri, is a member of the canid family and is from east Asia.
Despite being hunted by many people (thousands of people), a small island in Japan has been designated a protected area for raccoon dogs.
With a population of 7,396, Langon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 5,604, Lesparre-Médoc has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It is in the suburban area of the city of Bordeaux.
Parts of Pessac, like vineyards and parks, though, remain rural.
It is the place where wines called Pessac Léognan are produced.
The commune contains several wine châteaux.
The quality of the wines of this area are noticed since at least the eighteenth century, for example by great eighteenth century philosopher Montesquieu.
With a population of 4,769, Blaye has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 10,370, Arcachon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Michael Carrick (born 28 July 1981) is an English football manager and former player.
After leaving the lawns in 1951, he was still connected to the sport.
He was manager of São Paulo, soon after became a sports commentator, being considered by many a direct, tough and controversial commentator.
He went on to win seven Roquette Pinto Trophies.
He had a cameo in the Brazilian film Susana e o Presidente, from 1951.
His broadcasting career had to be cut short in 1974 due to Alzheimer's Disease.
For thirty years he lived in a home for the elderly in São Paulo until he died on January 24, 2004 at the age of 90, due to complications related to the disease.
He was buried at Cemitério da Paz in São Paulo.
Ademir's greatest popularity in Brazil came in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
It was so large that Brazilians named their newborns after him.
The son of Brazilian defender Domingos da Guia also grew up with this name.
In 1974, Ademir da Guia participated in the World Cup.
In 1957, Ademir returned to the amateur club Sport Recife, where he began his career.
He played a few games here, but due to poor form he was forced to stop playing altogether.
Until 1967, Ademir tried his hand at coaching, working at the Vasco da Gama club, but later began working in journalism.
The former footballer contributed to the newspapers of Rio de Janeiro, and also worked as a football commentator for Radio Maua.
Ademir died on May 11, 1996 at the age of 73.
In computing, blacklisting is a form of access control.
A proxy server might check the list of pages accessed against a blacklist, if the address is on the blacklist, the page cannot be accessed.
Hong has played in over 100 international matches.
The slide rule is based on the work on logarithms by John Napier and was invented by William Oughtred.
Before electronic calculators were developed, slide rules were the tool used most often in science and engineering.
The use of slide rules continued to grow through the 1950s and 1960s even as digital computing devices were gradually introduced; but around 1974 the pocket calculator made the slide rule largely obsolete and most suppliers left the business.
In its most basic form, the slide rule uses two logarithmic scales to allow rapid multiplication and division of numbers.
These common operations can be time-consuming and error-prone when done on paper.
More complex slide rules allow other calculations, such as square roots, exponentials, logarithms, and trigonometric functions.
In World War II, bombardiers and navigators who required quick calculations often used specialized slide rules.
One office of the U.S.
Navy actually designed a generic slide rule chassis with an aluminum body and plastic cursor into which celluloid cards (printed on both sides) could be placed for special calculations.
The process was invented to calculate range, fuel use and altitude for aircraft, and then adapted to many other purposes.
The system was of frontal origin...
the frontal structure was eventually lost...
The convective structure resembled a tropical, rather than subtropical cyclone, and the radius of maximum winds (based on QuikSCAT) was very close to the center, also more typical of tropical cyclones...
on balance, it was more tropical than subtropical.
Received Pronunciation is non-rhotic.
This means that in words ending with an 'r', for example car, the final 'r' is not pronounced.
From 1913 an experimental electric service operated between Bury and Holcombe Brook.
The equipment was provided by Dick, Kerr & Co.
of Preston, which was developing its products for export.
Lisieux is a commune.
It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
I (И, И̇, и, и̇) is the ninth letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.
It sounds like [i] or [ee].
Hiddink is better known as a trainer.
He is a very successful trainer.
He trained the Russia national team, and Zenit St.
Petersburg club.
He also coached the Netherlands national team (Oranje, Orange) and won several tournaments.
He is generally considered one of the greatest football trainers of all time.
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric tramway network linking the township of Grimsby and the then village of Immingham in Lincolnshire.
...
it may be questioned by some feather-bed philanthropist whether we had the right to take the country from the blacks but I believe the general rule is that if people cultivate or graze the land they have a claim to it.
These creatures did neither ...
The town has an Australian Rules Football team playing in the Central Highlands Football League.
KVIrc has its own script language named KVS for extensions, addons and scripts.
East Midlands Trains (EMT) was a train operating company in the United Kingdom.
It was based in Derby and provided train services in the East Midlands and surrounding areas, mainly in the counties of South Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire, Derbyshire, Northamptonshire and Lincolnshire.
Smith was revealed as the Eleventh Doctor in the British science-fiction television series Doctor Who in January 2009 to replace David Tennant, who announced that he left in October 2008.
Smith was not as well known as many of the actors who were thought to be likely to get the part.
These included Paterson Joseph, David Morrissey, Sean Pertwee, James Nesbitt, Russell Tovey, Catherine Zeta Jones, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Robert Carlyle and Billie Piper.
Pricing is the creation of a price.
In a market economy the price is made by supply and demand.
The suppliers would like to get the price as high as possible and the consumers would like to pay as few as possible.
Prices will be built if consumers and salesmen make an agreement of the exchange of goods.
There is a legend telling that around 1648 a group of pioneers founded a small village near the Atuba River while searching for gold.
These pioneers venerated Nossa Senhor da Luz and made a special place there for her statue.
The legend tells that every morning the image turned her eyes to a pine tree forest, which the pioneers knew was a sacred place of the Indians.
The explorers took this as a sign that Nossa Senhora was showing them a special place for their village.
Even though they knew that the Indians took them as enemies, the pioneers took the risk and went in to the forest to find this special place.
When the pioneers got close to the tribe, a miracle happened: the Indians were peaceful and expecting them to come.
Done contact with the leader of the Tingüi tribe, the cacique Tindiqüera would have said the new location and put a stick in the ground, saying Coré Etuba (many pines).
By this stick would have grown a great tree, where today is the zero mark of Curitiba.
At that place the pioneers built a chapel in honor of the saint, now called Nossa Senhora da Luz dos Pinhais (Our Lady of the Light in the Pine Forest).
In the 19th century, the influx of immigrants from Europe increased.
In 1828, the first German immigrants settled in Paraná.
However, large numbers of immigrants from Germany only arrived in Curitiba during the 1870s, most of them was Volga Germans from Russia.
These were the places impacted by Hurricane Luis.
Many of the Island Countries were affected by Hurricane Iris a week before; many would also be affected by Hurricane Marilyn only ten days later.
The only Providence in Canada affected by Luis was Newfoundland.
After Hurricane Luis many organizations and Governments donated money to help fix the damage on the affect islands.
The largest donation was the Government of the Netherlands, which donated $15.2 million.
Mossman Gorge, a popular attraction in Daintree National Park, is located west of town.
Sugar cane farming is a major crop around Mossman.
The Mossman Central Mill is the only sugar mill in the area; turns the cane into sugar.
Gary Karr (born 20 November 1941), is an American classical double bass virtuoso and teacher.
Fran started on August 23 as Tropical Depression Six.
It slowly got stronger because Hurricane Edouard was near it.
The depression became Tropical Storm Fran on August 27.
Fran became a hurricane on August 29, weakened back to a tropical storm on August 30, and became a hurricane again on August 31.
Hurricane Fran did not get much stronger until it began on a track more to the north.
By September 5, it made landfall in Cape Fear, North Carolina as a category 3 hurricane.
It died on September 8.
Fran caused the deaths of 26 people and caused $3.2 billion in damage.
After Barry became an extratropical cyclone, National Weather Service offices sent out flood watches for parts of: South Carolina, eastern North Carolina, southeastern Virginia, and southeastern Maryland.
On May 28, a small storm formed off the coast of North Carolina and became a tropical depression, called One by the National Hurricane Center.
The National Hurricane Center said that Tropical Depression One might strengthen into a tropical storm, but it did not because the water was cold and did not give enough energy to the storm.
It weakened and stopped being a depression the next day.
On August 15, Tropical Depression Three formed and quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Bill.
On August 17 Tropical Storm Bill became Hurricane Bill.
On August 18 Hurricane Bill became a major hurricane (Category 3+).
Hurricane Bill quickly strengthened into a category 4 hurricane on August 19, but weakened back on to a category 3 on August 20.
Hurricane Bill weakened to a category 2 on August 21, it again weakened the next day to a category 1 hurricane.
As a category one hurricane Bill came close to a landfall in Nova Scotia.
Near midnight (Eastern Time Zone) on August 23, Bill made landfall in Newfoundland and became extratropical the next day.
The remains affected United Kingdom.
Tropical Storm Claudette formed in the Gulf of Mexico as Tropical Depression Four early on August 16.
At 12:15 p.m.
EDT the same day, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Claudette.
Early the next morning Claudette struck Santa Rosa Island, Florida.
Tropical Storm Claudette weakened and dissipated on August 18.
Tropical Storm Danny formed north of Puerto Rico on August 26.
Danny top winds were at 60 mph.
Danny did not become a hurricane.
Danny instead, moved toward North Carolina as a weak tropical storm.
On August 29 Danny weaken into a depression and lost it clouds to an extratropical storm.
Danny did not reach North Carolina before losing its cloud.
Danny killed a boy in North Carolina due to rip currents.
Tropical Depression Seven formed on September 7 south of the Cape Verde Islands.
Later on September 7 it became a tropical storm and was named Fred.
Early the next day, Tropical Storm Fred became Hurricane Fred, the second hurricane of the season.
Hurricane Fred became a major hurricane (Cat 3+).
Fred slowly weakened after becoming a category 3 hurricane.
On September 12 while a tropical storm, Fred became a remnant low and is no longer a tropical storm.
Tropical Depression Eight formed near Cape Verde on September 25.
Tropical Depression Eight was said that it would become a tropical storm, this did not happen.
Tropical Depression Eight instead became a tropical wave on September 26.
It is no longer a tropical depression.
Tropical Storm Henri was a weak storm that stayed out in the ocean for most of its life.
It formed from a tropical wave on October 6 while moving northwest across the Atlantic.
On the next day, wind shear around the storm caused it to weaken into a remnant low.
Its remains were last seen near Cuba.
The storm did not come close to any land and did not cause any damage to property.
On November 4, Tropical Depression Eleven started in the Caribbean Sea.
Later that same day it became a tropical storm and was given the name Ida.
Ida became a hurricane just before landfall on November 5.
Ida weakened fast over land and was a depression before the end of the day.
On November 6, Ida came back into the Caribbean Sea just north of Honduras.
Ida became a tropical storm again on November 7.
Ida later on became a hurricane again and weakened back to a tropical storm on November 9.
Ida made landfall in Alabama on November 10.
The storm died only about 4 hours later.
The remains of Ida became a nor'easter that killed 9 people.
Hurricane Ida also caused about $5.6 million in damage.
Keroppi sits upon his cursed throne.
Neither Keroppi nor throne pictured here.
Chantal started from Tropical Depression Three on August 14.
Tropical Depression Three weakened into a wave and was no longer a depression.
It reformed but as a tropical storm it was given the name Chantal.
Chantal crossed the rest of the Caribbean Sea and made landfall in Belize.
Chantal died over Mexico on August 22.
Chantal killed 2 people and caused $4 million in damage.
Waldsassen is the northernmost municipality of the Upper Palatinate.
In the northeast, it borders the town of Cheb (Eger) in the Czech Republic.
The historic tripoint of noble Altbayern, the Franconian lands of Bayreuth, and the Bohemian Egerland is near the village of Pechtnersreuth.
Nyssa is a alien from the planet Traken, the daughter of Tremas (a consul of the Traken Union) and stepdaughter of Kassia.
She helps the Doctor and Adric to defeat Master.
During her journeys with Tegan and Adric aboard the TARDIS, Nyssa finds herself trapped in a mathematical equation by the Master – whom she hates as he is, of course, now using that face (her father's).
She also encounters a race of androids and their insane ruler, helps foil the genocidal plans of a wounded Terileptil and incidentally start the Great Fire of London, and discovers her remarkable resemblance to Ann Talbot.
If the departure time (the original body clock) is not the same as the destination time, jet lag can occur.
Traveling east is more likely to cause jet lag than traveling west.
That is because a cycle of the human's biological time is usually more than 24 hours, and going east makes the day shorter, which is a more difficult adjustment.
In Ulleungdo, there are 3無 5多.
In Ulleungdo, there is no environmental pollution, no snakes and there is so much water, wind and so many beauties, stones, aromatic trees.
A sound film is a motion picture (or movie) with sound that has been synchronised with the image.
Before sound films, there was only silent film, and dialogue was shown in words on the screen.
The first known exhibition of sound movies took place in Paris in 1900.
But sound movies were not widely made commercially until a long time later.
The first commercial screening of a short sound movie took place in New York City in April 1923.
They are now the standard kind of technology for movie making.
In geology, a rift is caused by tectonic plates in the Earth's lithosphere moving apart.
Rifts are usually accompanied by orogeny (mountain building), volcanoes and earthquakes.
Rifting often makes a rift valley, which may hold a rift lake.
The Great Rift Valley in East Africa is an example.
Yo-Yo Ma has owned several beautiful cellos.
The cello called Domenico Montagnana 1733 cello (nicknamed Petunia) was made in 1733 in Venice.
It is worth more than US$2.5 million.
In 1999 he accidentally left it in a taxi but fortunately it was found again.
Another of Ma's cellos, the Davidov Stradivarius, was once owned by Jacqueline du Pré who left it to him when she died.
She studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London.
Gabriela has won international prizes including the Bronze Medal at the 13th International Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1995.
The system formed from a weather system to the west of the Canary Islands on September 28.
The weather system gained strength over the next few days.
On October 3, it became a type of low pressure system.
Thunderstorms around the storm began to become more active, and it then became a type of cyclone that is called a subtropical depression.
A tunnel on Interstate 10 in Alabama has been named the George Wallace Memorial Tunnel.
Thomas Linke (born 26 December 1969 in Sömmerda, then German Democratic Republic) is a former German football player for the German national team.
He played as central defender for Schalke 04 and Bayern Muinich in the German Bundesliga and for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
In eukaryotes, cilia and flagella together make up a group of organelles known as undulipodia.
After that game, he perform a meritorious deed, also in his club team.
On October 11th, 2008, he scored 2 goals in the game agains Uzbekistan.
Because of this, it was much easier for the Korean National Team to get to the World Cup.
Stop Stansted Expansion is a pressure group established in 2002.
It was originally a working group of the North West Essex and East Herts Preservation Association, in response to the Government's consultation on expanding UK airports and, particularly, expansion plans for Stansted Airport defined in 2001.
It has around 7,500 members and registered online supporters and its campaign director is Carol Barbone.
If the plans went ahead, there would be climate change effects.
The predicted annual equivalent carbon dioxide emissions ( they are around 5 million tonnes a year at present) are 12 million tonnes annually with full use of the existing runway and up to 23 million tonnes a year with a second runway.
BAA's Plans to get through the Public Inquiry as fast as possible for their application for a second Stansted runway (in six months) were condemned by Stop Stansted Expansion.
It began 15 April 2009.
The operating systems that the daemon is compatible with.
Various networking and IRC technology used to date.
Alois Alzheimer (14 June 1864 – 19 December 1915) was a German psychiatrist.
He is credited with the first published case of presenile dementia, which Emil Kraepelin would later identify as Alzheimer's disease.
The genus (a group of closely related species) Periophthalmus is by far the most diverse and widespread group of mudskipper.
There are eighteen different types.
Periophthalmus argentilineatus is one of the most widespread and well known species.
It can be found in mangrove ecosystems and mudflats of East Africa and Madagascar east through the Sundarbans of Bengal, South East Asia to northern Australia, southeast China and southern Japan, up to Samoa and Tonga Islands.
Lewy body is a substance that stains eosin, and commonly found in Parkinson’s disease.
He started in politics as a member of Democrat Party in 1968.
He became well–known in 1976 from radio managing which has the information that attack education organization in that age.
He also encouraged the people to loathe the education organization.
He was the one who gave the command to move the student protest group on 16th October 1976.
This music sounds like hens clucking (the strings) and a cock crowing (the clarinet).
The two pianos seem to go wild with scales rushing up and down madly.
This movement for strings and piano is very slow, like a tortoise.
Saint-Saëns makes a musical joke here: the tune is the same tune as the famous 'Can-Can' from Jacques Offenbach's operetta Orpheus in the Underworld, but played very slowly.
The two pianos hop about gracefully like kangaroos.
This is very graceful music with the tune played on the flute, accompanied by strings, with occasional glissandi (slides) on the glass harmonica.
The “Persons with Long Ears are actually donkeys.
It is a very short piece, and it is played on two violins which imitate the “hee-haw sound of the donkey.
Some people think that Saint-Saëns is making a joke about music critics, who bray like donkeys.
The pianos play gentle chords, like someone walking quietly through a forest.
Now and again the clarinet plays two notes which sound like the call of the cuckoo.
In the original sheet music, it is said that the clarinet player should move off stage, to make it sound more like the cuckoo is calling from a distance.
This is another joke, because “pianists are people who play the piano, they are not animals.
Saint-Saëns makes them seem rather stupid as they practise their scales.
When this movement was first published, a note was included that said that Performers should imitate the playing of beginners, and their awkwardness.
Because of this, in some performances, the pianists become out of time with each other on purpose.
The xylophone plays a fast tune which sounds like skeletons playing.
Saint-Saëns is making a joke about himself, because he uses a tune from one of his own works: the Danse Macabre.
There are bits of other tunes as well: Ah!vous dirai-je, Maman (known in the English-speaking world as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star), the French nursery rhymes Au Clair de la Lune and J'ai du bon tabac, the popular anthem Partant pour la Syrie as well as the aria Una Voce Poco Fa from Rossini's Barber of Seville.
Saint-Saëns was saying that these tunes were old-fashioned (like fossils).
This is one of the most famous of all tunes for the cello.
It is a lovely tune which sounds like a swan swimming gracefully along.
There is a famous solo ballet dance called The Dying Swan which is set to this tune.
On August 8, a very small depression started.
The depression headed for Florida, but moved back almost the same direction.
Four died on August 11.
Tropical Depression Four only caused rain in Florida.
Michael started on October 15 as a subtropical depression, and it moved slow at first.
It moved faster and got stronger at the same time.
It made landfall in Newfoundland as a category 1 hurricane.
Michael died very shortly later.
No damage or deaths reported.
In spring 2001, the name Keith was retired.
It was replaced by Kirk in 2006.
Theo is a first name which comes from the Greek word for god.
It is usually short for Theodore, although it can also be short for Theobald, Theodosius, and Theophilus.
With a population of 31,009, Mont-de-Marsan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 11,822, Villefranche-de-Rouergue has a population density of inhabitants/km.
This graph indicates the population of Fourcès over time (source: INSEE).
Jeanne started on September 21 near the coast of Africa.
It became a tropical storm later that day and a hurricane soon after.
Hurricane Jeanne began to turn to the east on September 25.
On October 1 it crossed through the Azores before it died later that day.
The remains of Jeanne reached Portugal on October 4.
Hurricane Karl was, at first, Tropical Depression Eleven which formed on September 23.
It later became Tropical Storm Karl and then Hurricane Karl.
Hurricane Karl was one of four hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean on September 26.
Karl died on September 28 near Ireland.
On October 5 Tropical Depression One formed, shortly after it became Tropical Storm Lisa.
On October 9 Tropical Storm Lisa strengthened and became Hurricane Lisa.
Hurricane Lisa became extratropical and dead out over the Atlantic that same day.
At one point in time Hurricane Lisa moving speed was greater than 58 mph.
Hurricane Mitch was a very powerful storm.
Mitch was a category 5 but it made landfall as a category 1.
However Mitch still devastated Central America, causing at least 9,000 deaths and at least $5 billion in damage.
Nicole was heading northeast toward the Azores as a weak hurricane.
The storm then turned back to the north and was weakened to an extratropical storm on December 1.
Hurricane Nicole never affected land and no damage was reported.
Tropical Storm Katrina started on October 27 as a tropical depression.
It became a tropical storm very shortly before landfall in Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua.
Tropical Storm Katrina soon weakened back to a depression.
As a depression it made landfall in the Yucatán Peninsula.
It died on November 1, just before it was going to enter the Gulf of Mexico.
No one died and there is not much damage.
Hurricane Lenny was the strongest November hurricane on record in the Atlantic Ocean.
This hurricane tracked east across the Caribbean.
Later it tracked northeast, toward the northeastern Caribbean islands.
It got stronger very fast, it was just shy of a category 5 hurricane.
On November 17, it made landfall in Saint Croix.
Lenny died on November 23.
Hurricane Lenny killed 17 people and caused $330 million in damage.
Below is a list of the names that were used in 1999 and also the names not used, those are marked in .
This list is exactly the same as the list in 1993.
The following two amounts were observed in triplicate on a particular programme (giving a total of 148 known golden balls): £6,000, £10,000.
Frances started on October 23 as a tropical storm and quickly became a hurricane.
It took a path far from land.
Hurricane Frances died on October 27.
This is the list of names that were set aside for 1992.
Name that were not used are marked with .
The Jesus and Mary Chain was based on the songwriting partnership of its two main members, Jim and William Reid, and bass guitar player Douglas Hart.
This list is the name that were set aside for the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season.
The name lists repeat every six year and the only way the names are changed is if a name is retired.
This list is the same as the list in 1982 because no names were retired in 1982.
Gandy has also played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, New Orleans Saints and Atlanta Falcons.
He attended Haines City High School.
In 1899, Casals played the Saint-Saëns Cello Concerto at Crystal Palace in London, and later for Queen Victoria at her summer home at Cowes, Isle of Wight.
He was becoming very famous.
In Paris he make a great impression on everyone, especially the conductor Charles Lamoureux who had started a famous orchestra.
Casals went to the Netherlands, the United States where he gave 80 concerts, and South America.
He often played with the pianist Harold Bauer.
On 15 January 1904 Casals was invited to play at the White House for President Theodore Roosevelt.
He played in the Carnegie Hall in New York, playing Richard Strauss's Don Quixote with the composer conducting.
Between 1906 and 1912 he had a relationship with a Portuguese cellist Guilhermina Suggia, although they were never married.
In 1989, sixteen years after his death, Casals was awarded a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.
Araucaria heterophylla, also called the Norfolk Island Pine, is a conifer tree.
Doctors often tell overweight people that losing weight would be good for their health.
People usually try to lose weight by eating less.
This is called 'dieting'.
They may exercise too.
Strontium dog is a science fiction comic strip that was first published in a British comic called starlord in 1978.
The same year it was moved to a comic called 2000 AD.
It is set in a future where a war ended long ago and it disfigured people.
The main character is one of the disfigured mutants called Johnny Alpha.
The German Cross () was begun by Adolf Hitler on 16 November 1941 as an award that was a higher level than the Iron Cross First Class but below the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
It was given in two classes: gold and silver (the color of the laurel wreath around the swastika), the gold was given out for bravery, the silver was given out for excellent service.
As a university with its own charter, PLM enjoys certain level of autonomy.
It is governed by the Board of Regents and administered by a President.
The Board of Regents has the authority to grant diplomas, certificates and titles to students who have completed their academic programs and validate graduation of students.
The six-member Board is composed of the President of the PLM, a representative of the PLM faculty, a distinguished alumnus, a respected educator, and one other respected professional, and the Superintendent of the Division of City Schools-Manila.
Each member serves a six-year tenure of office.
The President oversees the implementation of the university policies.
Immediately under the President are the four Vice-Presidents - Executive Vice President, Vice President for Academic Affairs, Vice President for Administration, and Vice President for Finance and Planning.
PLM's endowment in 2008 was valued at PhP 500 million, excluding the funding allotted for its teaching hospital, Ospital ng Maynila Medical Center, of about PhP 250 million.
The University spends about four to fives times the national average for education.
the others have left and gone to Olympus.
and the Graces, my friend, have abandoned the earth.
Quicksand is a non-Newtonian fluid: when undisturbed it often seems to be solid (gel form), but a small (less than 1%) change in the stress on the quicksand causes it to turn liquid (sol form).
There is a sudden decrease in its viscosity.
Under his weight, the person then sinks into the sol (liquidised sand).
BSE004 - Black Sun Empire - Stonefaces / Benjie - A.I.
A.
Black Sun Empire - Are You There?
The language has been inspired by the native Hibernate Query Language HQL.
The 2009 Victorian bushfires (also called the Black Saturday bushfires) were more than 400 bushfires that started in Victoria, Australia on February 7, 2009.
They ended on the March 14, 2009.
The fires lasted for around 1 month.
The fires caused Australia's highest ever loss of life from bushfire.
Police say that 173 people died, and 414 people were taken to hospitals with bad burns.
At first the death toll was thought to be 210 but forensic tests have shown there were 173 people killed and the death toll was revised.
At the end of January, there were fires in the Gippsland area of Victoria.
These included a small tree fire near Delburn, Victoria and one which nearly burnt a pine tree plantation.
Postman Pat is a children's television show.
It ran from 1981-2006.
It was created by John Cunliffe.
It starred and was narrated by Ken Barrie.
It is aimed at pre-school children, and concerns the adventures of Pat Clifton, a postman in the fictional village of Greendale (inspired by the real valley of Longsleddale near Kendal).
Radio-frequency identification (RFID) is a technology used to record the presence of an object using radio signals.
It is used for inventory control or timing sporting events.
RFID is not a replacement for barcoding, but a complement for distant reading of codes.
Hurricane Charley was the second hurricane and also the second major hurricane (category 3+) of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season.
Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15.
Its strongest winds were 150 mph (240 km/h), classifying it as a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
There are several hundred research staff at the Institute.
Founder name is is Saleem Ahmed Qureshi this industry also work on Urdu English languages as well .
Relative to the majority of the deep sea, the areas around submarine hydrothermal vents are biologically more productive, often hosting complex communities fueled by the chemicals dissolved in the vent fluids.
Chemosynthetic archaea form the base of the food chain, supporting diverse organisms, including giant tube worms, clams, limpets and shrimp.
Artur Schnabel (April 17, 1882 – August 15, 1951) was an Austrian classical pianist, composer and teacher.
He was one of the best pianists of the twentieth century.
He was a very serious pianist.
He did not try to impress people by playing fast or loud.
He was most famous for playing music by Mozart and Beethoven and Schubert.
The NYPD’s street crime unit (motto: We Own The Night) was a 300+ member plain clothes unit for reducing crime that became well known after the 1999 killing of Amadou Diallo.
The four officers involved in the shooting were all members of the street crime unit.
The unit was ended in 2002 because of the Diallo shooting.
The unit's last leader was Inspector Bruce H.
Smolka, who was later made Assistant Chief.
The street crime unit has been replaced by the local precincts Anti-Crime Units.
Alfred Ernst Rosenberg (Born ; 12th January 1893 in Tallinn,Russia (Today Estonia)/Died ; 16th October 1946 in Nuremberg,Bavaria,Germany) was a German political philosopher from Baltic German origin.
Then the global climate rivalled that of the Oligocene.
The diagram shows that throughout the Oligocene and the first half of the Miocene, climate remained very warm.
Another great event, which undoubtedly affected climate, was the refilling of the Mediterranean basin.
The so-called Zanclean flood is thought to have refilled the Mediterranean Sea 5.33 million years ago.
To know which one of those positions is the right place, the GPS receiver needs a third satellite, for instance above Land's End in the west.
With that information, the GPS receiver can also determine elevation.
With three satellites in fact there is still a third possible point, but that is twice as high as the satellites above the earth's surface and does not need to be reckoned with in car travel.
Ezekiel Hart created a brewery with his brothers in Trois-Rivières and, on April 11, 1807 was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada.
Because he was Jewish, he swore his oath on a Hebrew Bible, instead of a Christian Bible, and while wearing a kippah.
At the time, British laws did not let Jews have important positions like these, and Hart was expelled from the assembly.
He was elected again in 1808 and expelled again.
The Yom Kippur War (also known as the Ramadan War and the October War) happened between Israel and a group of Arab countries, led by Egypt and Syria, from October 6 to 24, 1973.
The war began on the Jewish day of repentance, Yom Kippur, and happened during the Muslim month of Ramadan, when the army was fasting.
The attack by Egypt and Syria was a surprise to Israel, which had conquered the Sinai Peninsula and the Golan Heights from Egypt in 1967 in retaliation for attacks against Israel that ultimately resulted in the occupation of Gaza.
Aura (from the Greek word for breeze) is the word used to describe a series of neurological symptoms that may begin before an epileptic seizure or a migraine headache.
About 15% of people who have a migraine will have the kind with an aura.
The symptoms may include visual problems such as scotomas (losing vision for a short time, seeing zig-zag lines or floating spots etc)., vertigo, a ringing noise in the ears (tinnitus) and problems speaking.
About two-thirds of migraines are migraines without aura and the remaining one-third of cases are migraine with aura.
Joshua Winslow Josh Groban (born February 27, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, actor, and record producer.
He has won many Tony and Grammy awards throughout his career, including one for Natasha, Pierre and the great Comet of 1812.
He is playing Sweeney Todd now.
Groban first sang in public when he was in the seventh grade.
His music teacher chose him to sing a solo of S'wonderful at the school's cabaret night, where he sang alone on stage for the first time.
At this time, he was more focused on acting, playing Tevye in his high school's production of Fiddler on the Roof.
In the summers of 1997 and 1998, he also attended the Interlochen Center for the Arts Camp in Michigan, majoring in musical theater, and began taking vocal lessons.
He went on to attend the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts as a theater major and graduated in 1999.
He was admitted to and briefly attended Carnegie Mellon University, intent on studying musical theater.
Four months into his first semester, Groban was offered a recording contract and left college to pursue a singing career.
In-Home Hospice : The first level of hospice care is in-home hospice, which means that hospice staff will come to a patient’s home to provide care.
This type of hospice care is typically used in the early stages of hospice, helping patients transition from a hospital to their homes.
Mischief night is a tradition in some parts of the world; a night when people do mischief to their neighbours.
This is usually 30 October, the day before Halloween night.
Dengue fever is caused by the dengue virus.
In the scientific system that classifies viruses, the dengue virus is part of the family Flaviviridae and the genus Flavivirus.
Other viruses that belong to the same family and can make humans sick include yellow fever virus, West Nile virus, Zika virus, Japanese encephalitis virus, and tick-borne encephalitis virus.
Most of these viruses are spread by mosquitoes or ticks.
The Sicilian language () is a language spoken in Sicily island and central Calabria.
It is spoken by the majority of the inhabitants of Sicily and by emigrants.
10 million people speak the language.
It has three stocks: the Sicilian, the Calabro-Sicilian and Salentinu.
Portmanteau originally meant a type of suitcase with two separate parts for storage.
Water is the easiest way to get rid of wallpaper.
Water makes the wallpaper paste become not sticky, then the wallpaper falls off.
Sometimes the wallpaper paste is too strong for water, then special chemicals need to be used to make the paste not sticky.
Most of the time only new wallpaper has to be taken off with chemicals.
The Bulgarian Wikipedia was created on 6 December 2003.
On November 24, 2005, the Bulgarian language Wikipedia added its 20,000th article, and was the 21st largest Wikipedia at the time.
As of December 26, 2007 it is the 30th largest Wikipedia by article count, with over 50,000 articles.
Habermas was born in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
He was in charge of the Max Planck Institute in Starnberg (near Munich) in 1971, and worked there until 1983, two years after the publication of his main work, The Theory of Communicative Action.
Habermas then returned to his chair at Frankfurt as head of the Institute for Social Research.
After retiring from Frankfurt in 1993, Habermas wrote many books and articles.
In 1986, he received the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize of the , which is the highest honour awarded in German research.
He is a Permanent Visiting Professor at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, and Theodor Heuss Professor at The New School, New York.
Its peak was 1916 to 1922, and it influenced surrealism, pop art, and punk rock.
It went against the standards of society.
The group Salon de la Rose + Croix had (shows or) exhibitions that showed symbolist paintings.
Some of the most influential paintings at those shows, were done by Arnold Böcklin, Fernand Khnopff, Ferdinand Hodler, Jan Toorop, Gaetano Previati, Jean Delville, Carlos Schwabe, and Charles Filiger.
The six shows were held between 1892 and 1896.
It is a school known for its football team.
It is a member of the Big Ten Conference.
It is a state-related university, part of Pennsylvania's Commonwealth System of Higher Education.
It receives money from the Commonwealth.
The state appoints 10 out of 32 people on its board of trustees.
It is independent and not subject to the state's direct control.
For the 2006–2007 fiscal year, the university received 9.7% of its budget from the state.
As Pennsylvania's land grant college, the state and federal governments provide matching funds for research and cooperative extension in agriculture, home economics and related fields.
A social interaction or social relation is the way people talk and act with each other.
It may include interactions in a team, family or bureaucracy.
It includes any relationship between two or more individuals.
Evolutionary psychology is a branch of psychology which investigates behaviour which has evolved.
It is similar in this respect to ethology, which has always used ideas from evolutionary biology.
Dark energy is the name given to the force that is believed to accelerate the expansion of the universe.
Distant galaxies appear to be moving away from us at high speed: the idea is that the universe is getting bigger and has been since the Big Bang.
Measurements are now accurate enough to allow astronomers to tell that these galaxies seem to be accelerating away from us.
The universe is expanding at an increasing rate.
It discusses the effect of climate change and global warming on the world economy.
It is the largest and most widely known and discussed report of its kind.
In October 1976, an arson (a fire set on purpose) destroyed subway cars and damage to Christie station.
This caused the closure of the Bloor-Danforth Line for three days, and closed Christie station for some time for repairs.
More track was added in 1980 at both ends of the Bloor-Danforth Line.
These extensions each added one station, bus bays, and, on the eastern end, room to connect to the Scarborough RT.
The TTC operates the third most used urban public transport system in North America (after the New York City Transit Authority and the Mexico City Metro).
The Dean of the United States Senate is the Senator that has been in office the longest.
This is the list of names that were set aside for the 1979 Atlantic hurricane season.
The list is not the same as in 1973 because in 1979 male names were added to the list.
Names that were not used are marked in .
The University of the Philippines (UP; ) is a public school in the Philippines.
The discovery of feathered dinosaurs and birds in the Lower Cretaceous of China was what finally convinced palaeontologists.
What seems to have happened is this.
Theropod dinosaurs evolved feathers for heat regulation rather than flight.
From then, a small group began to use them for primitive flight.
This group is represented in the Jurassic by Archaeopteryx and Anchiornis.
Flying gave the birds access to many new habitats, and an adaptive radiation took place.
We see the results of this rapid evolution in the Chinese fossils from the Lower Cretaceous, which are more varied, and mostly more advanced, than Archaeopteryx.
There are now 31 different bird genera from the Lower Cretaceous of China.
It is also clear, from the tail feathers of Confuciusornis (one of the Chinese fossils), that some of these birds were already using feathers for signalling and display, just as they do today.
Like heat regulation, using feathers for display may be much earlier than flight.
Confuciusornis is the fifth oldest bird fossil, about 25 million years after Archaeopteryx.
In the 14th century, the word described the roughness of woven cloth before it was cut.
More precisely, a topological space has a certain kind of set, called open sets.
Open sets are important because they allow one to talk about points near another point, called a neighbourhood of the point.
A neighbourhood of a point is simply an open set containing that point.
If one did not have the concept of open sets, one cannot define neighbourhoods in a good way.
If one tries to define a neighbourhood of a point as any set containing that point, it might just include that point and that point only, not any points near it, or points far away.
In 2003 Qantas bought the bankrupt Impulse Airlines, and established Jetstar as a low-cost domestic subsidiary.
In February 2004 Jetstar Airways start selling tickets to passengers for her flights.
In computing, an algorithm is a precise list of operations that could be done by a Turing machine.
In cooking, some recipes are more difficult to do than others, because they take more time to finish or have more things to keep track of.
( 5 1 4 2 8 ) formula_1 ( 1 5 4 2 8 ) Here, the algorithm compares the first two elements, and swaps them.
( 1 4 2 5 8 ) formula_1 ( 1 4 2 5 8 ) These elements are already in order, so the algorithm does not swap them.
Now, the stack of cards is already sorted, but our algorithm does not know this.
The algorithm needs one whole pass without any swap to know it is sorted.
The first algorithm takes much longer to sort the cards than the second, but it can be improved (made better).
Looking at bubble sort, it can be noticed that cards with high numbers move from the top of the stack quite quickly, but cards with low numbers at the bottom of the stack take a long time to rise (move to the top).
On 29 April 1789 he was caught stealing food.
Two weeks later he escaped into the bush, taking food, an iron cooking pot, and a musket (gun) taken from a sea army officer (Marine) named Abraham Hand.
He could not catch enough animals to eat, and he began to steal food from the settlement.
On 26 May he stole food from a brick making gang at Brickfield Hill and was nearly caught.
On June 6 he tried to steal food from Zachariah Clark, who was the assistant in charge of the new colony's food supplies.
Caesar was caught by a convict named William Saltmarsh.
Dextromethorphan (DXM or DM) is a drug.
It is used to prevent coughs in many over-the-counter cold and cough medicines.
Dextromethorphan can also be used for pain relief or for psychological conditions.
It is sold in syrup, tablet, and lozenge forms, manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels.
In its pure form, dextromethorphan is a white powder.
Caroline Matilda of Great Britain (; 11 July 1751 – 10 May 1775) Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1766 to 1772 and a member of the British Royal Family.
The following players were called up for the friendly matches against Algeria and Tunisia in Austria on 9 and 13 October 2020 respectively.
Birkhall (BerkHA; from the Scots Birk Haugh: Birch River-meadow) is a 53,000 acre (210 km²) estate on Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
It is alongside the River Muick to the southwest of Ballater.
Catherine Pegge and Charles II also had a daughter together called Catherine FitzCharles but she died young or became a nun.
Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland was perhaps the most notorious of Charles' mistresses.
Some of the children claimed by Palmer as belonging to Charles are in doubt.
Anne Lennard, Countess of Sussex was claimed to be Charles' and he recognised her, though some sources regard Roger Palmer as her father.
Palmer claimed Lady Barbara FitzRoy was Charles' daughter, however he never recognised her and most sources consider John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough her likely father.
Palmer and Charles had a daughter together Charlotte Lee, Countess of Lichfield and three sons who were recognised by Charles, their lines are featured below.
Panda Express is a quick-service Chinese restaurant chain in the United States.
Bilabials or Bilabial consonants are a type of sound that are made with both lips (bilabial) and by partially stopping the air coming from the mouth when the sound is pronounced (consonant).
For example, [p] is bilabial, but [f] is not.
The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is a law enforcement agency that works for the United States Department of Justice that enforces the United States drug laws.
The DEA is the agency with the most responsiblility for drug enforcement in the U.S.
and also shares its responsibilities with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
It also has complete responsibility (duty to do something) for U.S.
drug enforcement investigations in other countries.
Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila also employ a specific grading category for retention.
This system uses the General Weighted Average (GWA) per semester as a basis whether or not a particular student shall be retained at the course or college he or she is enrolled to.
Some colleges have higher GWA requirement for retention, but most of them demands a GWA of at least 2.50 per semester.
A few graduate schools, on the other hand, employ the Pass or Fail system.
The base version of this experiment is very simple.
It requires only a double slit device like the one in the picture, something to hold the double slit device still, and a good laser such as the kind that is used by workmen to draw straight lines when they are building.
The laser is supported so it can only be moved on purpose.
It is aimed at the central point between the two slits from a point about one half meter away.
Something like a movie screen or a smooth white wall is put up on the other side of the double slit device several meters away.
When everything is fixed, a pattern of light and dark bands will show up.
When Thomas Young did this experiment, he had no laser.
He understood it by imagining light to be like waves of water.
He thought that light waves moved out from the light source like waves spreading out from a pebble dropped into a pond, and that when the wave fronts hit the double slits, then the original wave gets through at the two slits and there are two different waves from then on.
It was easy to figure out how two waves would interact to produce the bright bands and dark bands (often called fringes) on the screen.
He said he had proven the theory that light is waves.
Antivirus software (or anti-virus software) helps prevent access to a computer system by an unwanted computer malware.
Viruses, worms or trojan horses can be used by criminals or mischievous people (called 'hackers').
They can steal information or damage system files.
If no antivirus software is installed on the device, hackers will be able to access the information in the computer.
The Radcliffe Line became the international border between India and Pakistan (which also included what is now Bangladesh) during the partition of India.
The line divided Bengal into Indian held West Bengal and East Bengal which became East Pakistan in 1956.
The line was decided by the Border Commissions headed by , who was to divide equitably of territory with 88 million people.
When he looked at the Cat's Eye nebula, it did not look the same.
He saw an emission line at a place that no one had seen before.
This meant that it looked like an element that no one had ever seen before.
Scientists thought it might be a new element.
They decided to call it nebulium.
When rain passes through the atmosphere, it takes in or mixes with carbon dioxide, turning it into a weak carbonic acid.
When the rain falls on limestone, it dissolves the calcium carbonate in the rock, turning it into calcium bicarbonate and taking it away.
Holes and large cracks form in the rock.
Such a place is called karst.
If a stream or river passes through it, it could be swallowed up by a hole called a swallow hole.
It can go through a series of underground caves and may appear on the surface again.
An example of a karst area is the Burren National Park, in County Clare, Ireland.
Interlingue has two forms for the personal pronouns: one for the subject form (nominative), and the other for the object form (accusative or dative).
The bookstore began in 1971.
In early 2009, Bonham Carter joined fellow actors Ewan McGregor, Kate Winslet, Liam Neeson, Helen Mirren and others, in leaving an imprint of her lips on a card and signing it.
The kiss prints, which were featured in the window of Newcastle's Fenwick store, will be auctioned off for a charity.
In astronomy, annual parallax is the only direct way to measure distance to stars outside the solar system.
He was born in Chernihiv, Ukraine.
He started to learn piano when he was 8 years old, and enrolled in music school.
Indeed it is suitable for gardens, with showy flowers, numerous leaflets and tender pods.
The name Jingisukan comes from the famous Mongolian warrior’s name, “Genghis Khan.
This dish was named after him because it is believed to originally come from Mongolia.
Ceiba pentandra or the Kapok is a species of tropical trees of the order Malvales and the family Malvaceae (previously separated in the family Bombacaceae), native to Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, northern South America, and (as the variety Ceiba pentandra var.
guineensis) to tropical west Africa.The normal colours are white and pink flowers it takes 4 weeks to grow a bud.
Austria national football team is the national football team of Austria.
It is controlled by the Austrian Football Association (German: Österreichischer Fußballbund - ÖFB).
The first official match took place on 12th October 1902 in Vienna when a team from Cisleithanien (Austrian part of the Austrian-Hungary Empire) played versus Hungary.
(5:0) The team reached in the 1930s the best time.
It was the time of the so-called Wunderteam (miracle team) when Austria was one of the leading teams in Europe.
The Wunderteam was the first from the continent to defeat Scotland.
In 1934 the team was took part in the FIFA world cup for the first time and reached the 4th place.
1936 Austria won the silver medal at the Olympic games in Berlin.
Due to the occupation through Germany in 1938 there was no team between 1938 and 1945.
The national team was dissolved and the players like Matthias Sindelar became part of the German team.
Soon after the end of the war the Austrian team played their first matches versus Hungary in Budapest.
On December 6th, 1945 the first homematch took place in the renovated Praterstadion (now Ernst-Happel-Stadion).
France was beaten by 4:1.
Soon Austria was as successful as before the war.
In 1951 Scotland was beaten in his own stadium by 1:0.
Austria was the first team from the continent to do so.
The FIFA World cup 1954 was the most successful ever.
A legendary match was the quarterfinal against Switzerland which won Austria 7:5.
It is still till today the Worldcup match with the most goals scored.
Austria reached the semifinals and was beaten by the later world champion Germany by 1:6.
The match for the 3rd place was won by 3:1 versus Uruguay.
Players like Gerhard Hanappi, Walter Zeman and Ernst Ocwirk were playing in the FIFA world team.
A 0:6 versus the Czech team marked the end of Austrias golden periode.
Angels & Demons is a book by American author Dan Brown.
This book follows the story of Robert Langdon, the professor who studies about mysterious codes and ancient societies.
In Peru, the use of sweet potatoes dates to about 7999 BC., which was Year 1, ADA.
Oscar worked with a team of doctors to get healthy again.
After recovering, he toured with HammerFall again.
The British finally won after a long expensive campaign that took more than a year.
However, the superior British military who had recently defeated the powerful Tipu Sultan of Mysore quickly asserted itself.
The British had better artillery compared to the Polygar troops who had country-made gunfire artillery, barring a few proper ones received from erstwhile Tipu Sultan's army.
The war being regional in nature, the British forces could easily mobilize additional forces from other regions.
So savage and extensive was the death and destruction wrought by the English that the entire region was left in a state of terror.
He initially studied mathematics but then started attending lectures on psychology and philosophy.
Husserl was so impressed by Brentano that he decided to dedicate his life to philosophy.
Limestone is poured into one side of the kiln, it is then heated up with hot air and quicklime [Calcium Oxide] comes out the other end.
Sullivan Bay is the site of the first official European settlement in Victoria, Australia.
It is a very small bay near Sorrento, Victoria.
It is close to the entrance of Port Phillip Bay, south of the city of Melbourne.
It is edited by Peter Lang in Germany.
Teachers from Universities of several European countries also contribute.
An unsafe abortion is an abortion which is not done by a person which has the skills to do them (a licensed doctor), or in a place that does not meet at least basic standards of hygiene.
Unsafe abortions can be very dangerous to the mother.
Many women die or get a disease because they had an unsafe abortion.
About 95 percent of unsafe abortions happen in developing countries.
He came from a clever family, his father was a professor of medicine and his cousin, Raymond Poincaré became president of France.
He was sick as a child and for many years he had to be taught at home by his mother.
The historical Roman Catholic view is that in the Eucharist the bread and wine actually turn into the real body and blood of Jesus, even though their appearance does not change.
Canadian English is the type of English that is used by Canadians.
Hakka people (Hakka language: Hak-kâ; Mandarin Chinese: Kèjiā) are a subgroup of the Han Chinese people.
They live mainly in the provinces of Guangdong, Jiangxi and Fujian in China and speak the Hakka language.
The Hakkas have had an important influence on Chinese and overseas Chinese history: in particular, they have been a source of revolutionary, political and military leaders.
Some of them were Deng Xiaoping, Lee Kuan Yew and Thaksin Shinawatra.
In the early 1980s, he starred in a movie with the British veteran Michael Caine in Escape to Victory (1981), a sports drama where he plays a prisoner of war involved in a Nazi propaganda fußball (soccer) tournament.
Stallone then created the action thriller movie Nighthawks (1981), in which he plays a New York city cop who plays a cat and mouse game with a foreign terrorist.
The Asociación Cultural de la Llingua Llïonesa El Fueyu have signed many agreements with the most important leonese institutions for teaching Leonese language in official courses.
Richard Dickie Davies (30 April 1928 – 19 February 2023) was a British television presenter who was famous for presenting World Of Sport on ITV from 1965 to 1985 as well as hosting many other sports programmes on the station.
Between 1923 and 1961 Walter made hundreds of recordings.
The earlier recordings, made at a time when his conducting was at its best, are often rather poor recordings.
When he made his last recordings, after stereo records had been invented, he was already quite ill.
In his early years he gave some of the first performances of Mahler’s music.
He conducted the first performance of Das Lied von der Erde with the Vienna Philharmonic.
In 1936 he made the first recording of the same work with the same orchestra which still had the same leader: Arnold Rosé who was Mahler’s brother-in-law.
This recording was made just before the Nazi Anschluss which forced Walter and Rosé into exile.
Many years later, in 1952, Walter and the Vienna Philharmonic once again made a famous recording of Das Lied von der Erde with the singers Kathleen Ferrier and Julius Patzak.
He also recorded Mahler’s Ninth Symphony.
Since Walter had worked closely with Mahler, and Mahler had never conducted either of these two great works of his, we can imagine that Walter’s recordings show us how Mahler might have wanted the music to be played.
Dracophyllum is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Ericaceae.
This genus is very close with genus Richea.
The watershed of the Los Angeles River covers 834 square miles (2,135 square kilometers).
The Santa Monica Mountains and smaller Simi Hills border it on the east side.
On the west side lies the San Gabriel Mountains and Santa Susana Mountains.
Seven major tributaries flow into the Los Angeles River: Burbank Western Channel, Aliso Wash, Tujunga Wash, Verdugo Wash, Arroyo Seco, Compton Creek, and Rio Hondo.
360 square miles (920 square kilometers) of the watershed are open space, while the remaining 474 square miles (1,215 square kilometers) are highly developed with all kinds of land uses.
Tujunga Wash, Aliso Wash, and Brown's Canyon Wash join the river from the left.
The river flows on to a basin called the Sepulveda basin, controlled by a dam at its southeastern end.
This basin is incredibly rich in wildlife and plants.
Normally, there wouldn not be a year-round flow of water here.
But because of 75 million gallons of water flowing into the river every day from the Donald C.
Tillman Water Reclamation Plant, there is an year-round flow of water.
This water is not suitable to be drinking water, but is safe to touch.
An important tributary, Verdugo Wash, flows in from the left.
The Verdugo Wash begins in the Verdugo Hills and flows west to the Los Angeles River.
Uniquely, the intersection of Interstate 5 and Route 134 is located right above this point.
The Los Angeles River makes a great bend west around Griffith Park, a big park in the middle of Los Angeles.
Here, the river has an earthen bottom, which is unique because most of the river is covered with concrete.
Further downstream, there is a place uniquely named Frogtown because of the many frogs once found in the river there.
Downstream from this place, the river picks up another important tributary, Arroyo Seco, on the left.
(The name Arroyo Seco means dry creek in Spanish).
The Arroyo Seco begins in the San Gabriel Mountains and flows south to the Los Angeles River.
One important feature of the Arroyo Seco is the giant Devil's Gate Dam.
The Arroyo Seco is free-flowing in many places.
Aliso Creek is a small river in Orange County, California, in the United States.
From its source in the Santa Ana Mountains to its mouth at the Pacific Ocean, it is about long.
Its watershed is about 30.4 square miles (79 square kilometers) in size.
The name comes from the Spanish word aliso, meaning alder.
Six tributaries join it along its length, which are Wood Canyon Creek, Sulphur Creek, the Dairy Fork, Aliso Hills Channel, Munger Creek and English Canyon.
Interstate 81 enters the state of New York near Binghamton.
It follows U.S.
Route 11 in a north–south direction, through much of the state.
It serves the cities of Syracuse (where it intersects the New York State Thruway), and Watertown.
The route ends at the Canadian border at the Thousand Islands Bridge, where it crosses the St.
Lawrence River, continuing as a short connector, Highway 137, which serves the Thousand Islands Parkway and Highway 401.
Existing users of the 2006, 2007, or 2008 versions could upgrade to the latest 2009 version without buying a new subscription.
Upgrading preserved the number of days left on a user's subscription.
All these lakes are drained, however, either through manmade canals or via karstic phenomena.
The New River is a north-flowing river that flows from Mexico into southern California.
The quokka weighs between and .
It is around long with a tail.
This is short for a macropod.
It has a solid build, rounded ears, and a short, broad head.
It looks like a very small, fat kangaroo, but it can climb small trees and shrubs.
It has rough fur which is a brown colour, fading to pale brown underneath.
The quokka eats a small amount of its waste products.
Seven Sisters station is a London Overground and London Underground Victoria Line station in the Seven Sisters area of the London Borough of Haringey, north London.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.
Three power lines send electricity away from the dam, to three electricity grids called the East, Central, and South China grids.
A large amount of animal habitat has also been destroyed.
Many animals with critically low populations have lost their vital habitat.
These include the endangered Siberian Crane, the Yangtze river dolphin (baiji), and Yangtze sturgeon.
About one billion tons of dirty water flow into the Yangtze River each year.
The dam has stopped this dirty water from being washed away to Shanghai, and led to serious pollution problems.
Ericaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Ericales.
Plants of this family grow both in Northern Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere.
The common English name of Ericaceae is the heath family.
Some plants of Ericaceae have a poison in all their parts.
Chorale tunes also appear in chorale preludes, pieces for the organ.
These would usually have been played during the church services before the chorale was sung.
ubuntu-restricted-extras is a package for Ubuntu, that allows the user to install most of the essential restricted software, due to legal, or copyright reasons.
The new stadium cost $1.5 billion dollars to build.
It was the most expensive baseball stadium in the world.
It is built to look like the old Yankee Stadium.
It has many new and more modern features.
Ideas to build a new ball park in Queens were first discussed in the 1990s.
This happened because the Met's then current stadium, Shea Stadium, was growing older and did not have many features found in newer stadiums.
The Mets, along with the City of New York made plans to build a new stadium, next to Shea.
The project to build the stadium was approved in March 2006, and construction started soon after.
The building of the stadium could be seen from Shea, during the 2007 and 2008 baseball season.
The new stadium, named Citi Field opened on April 13, 2009.
Another part of the stadium is the Jackie Robinson Rotunda.
This is the place where most fans enter the stadium, and teaches fans about Jackie Robinson, the first black player in Major League Baseball.
Citi Field also has an area called the Pepsi Porch.
It is a place where fans can watch the game in the outfield.
The first two rows of the porch are over the playing field.
The backslash (), is a glyph mostly used in computing.
It has other names, like reverse slash, backslant, and slosh.
Physicist G.
H.
von Schubert and inventor C.
G.
Schrter were born in Hohenstein.
A seal is something such as a piece of wax which has an official mark on it, and which is attached to an important letter or document to make it official.
It can also mean the device (e.g.
a metal stamp or ring) which is used to make the official mark.
Young shoots are often eaten by animals because the fibers in the new growth have not yet completed secondary cell wall development, making the young shoots softer and easier to chew and digest.
A Currently topped out; expected completion in 2009.
Apostasy in Islam is when a follower of Islam tries to change or reject their religion.
When someone tries to reject their religion, this is called apostasy.
The three traits listed below are what is needed for apostasy to be taken seriously.
Richea grows in island Tasmania and also in Australia; many species grows in mountains.
The Environmental branches (called Commands) are mainly administrative structures.
They manage the personnel, the equipment and the facilities, but not the operations.
There are three commands in the Canadian Forces, because there are no Marines.
All the commands work very closely with each other, for example, the Air Force provides helicopters to the Navy and the Army.
These commands also each have a reserve element, made of part-time employees.
The Operational commands are responsible for specific types of operations or for conducting exercises or deployments.
There are four operational commands.
The CANSOFCOM is responsible for providing special forces and asymmetric warfare capabilities to Canada.
It is the smallest command of the Canadian Forces, and is composed of four joint units that do not answer to either the Army, Navy or Air Force.
These units are the Joint Task Force 2, the Canadian Special Operations Regiment, the 427th Special Aviation Squadron and the Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit (CBRN).
Canada Command works with the United States Northern Command to ensure national security and the defence of the North American continent.
CANCOM also is responsible for emergency management, such as when the Army is needed to respond to disasters in Canada.
Its watershed, ranging from 0 to 11,400 feet (0 to 3,475 m) above sea level, has a wide variety of landforms, including mountains, plateaus, and plains.
The average elevation is .
The river's name, in the native Inuit language, means big river.
The river has been an important part of the lives of nearby people.
Native people (the Inuit, Koyukans and others) have used the river as a source of food and transport for over 12,000 years.
The hippocampus is part of the mammalian brain, and belongs to the limbic system.
Humans and other mammals have two, one in each side of the brain.
The hippocampus is under the cerebral cortex.
From 1878 to 1880 he was conductor in Hanover, but had to leave after a quarrel with a tenor.
In 1880 he went to Meiningen where he conducted the orchestra, making it one of the best orchestras in Germany.
He made the players perform from memory.
He often conducted the music of Johannes Brahms.
He thought about every detail of the pieces he conducted.
He liked to have two pianos on the stage so that he could face the audience or have his back to them, whichever he wanted.
A Vernier scale is a way to get a much better result when measuring how long something is or the size of an angle.
An iwan ( eyvān) is defined as a vaulted hall or space, walled on three sides, with one end open.
From 1945 to 1959, the orchestra's main conductor was Eduard van Beinum, who had sometimes conducted the orchestra since 1929.
He was especially fond of the symphonies of Anton Bruckner, and he made recordings of Bruckner's Eighth and Ninth Symphonies for the Philips Records.
Van Beinum conducted the orchestra until April 1959 when he suddenly had a heart attack and died during a rehearsal.
A code amber alert was declared at 9:19am.
London Underground began to stop the network's operations, ordering trains to continue only to the next station and stopping all services.
The orchestra continued to be internationally known, and some very famous conductors came to conduct the orchestra, including Arturo Toscanini, Bruno Walter, Leonard Bernstein and Hans Knappertsbusch.
Iftar () also Afur in (Somali language) refers to the evening meal for breaking (fasting) during the Islamic month of Ramadan.
Muslims fast in the holy month of Ramadan.
Salat al-Janazah () is the funeral prayer held by Muslims before the burial but after the shrouding of the body.
The Fajr () prayer is the first of the five daily prayers (salat) recited by practising Muslims.
The word was used as early as the 1300s.
Geoffrey Chaucer used the adjective sluttish (referring to a untidy appearance) in The Canterbury Tales.
The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years.
The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called Crocus cartwrightianus.
Humans began choosing wild plants that had long stigmas.
Gradually, a form of C.
cartwrightianus, C.
sativus, came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete.
Experts believe that the first document to mention saffron is a 7th-century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal.
Since then, we have found evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine.
Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron.
Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus.
Ancient Mediterranean peoples - including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek hetaerae courtesans- used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
Zagalo in Botafogo.
Illustrations often have one of two purposes.
One is to give light to the subject.
The other purpose is to decorate an informational text (such as a newspaper or article).
Along with Joel Silver, Hellring created ultimate in the parking lot of Columbia High School in Maplewood, New Jersey.
Hellring died in 1971, in an auto accident at Princeton University, New Jersey.
In 1999, Barenboim started the West-Eastern Divan orchestra with the help of a Palestinian-American professor Edward Said, who was a close friend.
The bilateral relations between the Republic of India and Taiwan have improved since the 1990s, India has expanded economic and strategic cooperation with Taiwan.
Nonthaburi is a province in Thailand.
Its central town is Nonthaburi, about 25 km north-west of Bangkok.
There are many government buildings in Nonthaburi.
The red kangaroo is hunted in large numbers in Australia.
In the year 2000, 1,173,242 animals were killed.
In 2009 the government put a limit of 1,611,204 for the number of red kangaroos available for commercial use.
The kangaroo industry is worth about AU$270 million each year, and employs over 4000 people.
Isospora belli is a species of internal parasites classified under Coccidia.
OpenStreetMap is a free editable map of the whole world.
It is made by people from the entire world.
Gordon Childe thought that the people were missionaries, who also had the knowledge how to make copper.
They spread from the Iberian peninsula on the edges of Europe with the oceans.
The typical items linked to the movement were prestige items reserved to the upper class, according to Steven Shennan.
Christian Strahm talk about a Glockenbecherphänomen (bell-shaped cup phenomenon), to avoid the word culture.
William Andrews Clark died without leaving the orchestra an endowment.
A new orchestra called the Southern California Symphony Association was started to try to keep the concerts going.
Then a businessman called Harvey Mudd offered to pay Klemperer’s salary, and the orchestra started to earn more money playing in the Hollywood Bowl.
Hemel Hempstead is a town in England.
It is 25 miles north-west of London.
The town is off the M1 motorway, 20 minutes drive from Luton Airport and 40 minutes from London itself.
Argyll has many spits of land and many islands.
The largest islands are the Isle of Mull and the Isle of Islay.
The county town is Lochgilphead.
Inveraray is the home of the Duke of Argyll.
Argyll's name comes from the Gaelic words for Borderland of the Gael, because it was the first place in Great Britain settled by Gaelic-speaking settlers from Ireland.
Roberto Rivellino (also Rivelino, born 1 January 1946) is a Brazilian football pundit and retired footballer.
He was one of the stars of Brazil's 1970 FIFA World Cup winning team.
Rivellino currently works as a pundit for Brazilian TV Cultura.
He is the son of Italian immigrants.
As a footballer, Rivelino (his football name only had one L) was known for his hard shots, long-range free kicks, long balls and huge mustache.
He also invented his own action: the Elástico, nowadays also called the flip-flap or aka and copied by Ronaldinho and Zlatan Ibrahimović, among others.
Rivelino is often regarded to be one of the best midfielders the world has ever known.
Many people consider him the fourth best Brazilian footballer of all time, after Pelé, Garrincha and Zico.
According to many football pundits, he is considered as the best player in the history of Corinthians and Fluminense.
A cubicle is a small room.
It can be a small work space often seen in offices.
It can also be a place used for changing clothes in, often found at swimming pools and gymnasiums.
Although his childhood idols had been strikers Jair, Zizinho, Ademir and Vasco da Gama midfielder Danilo, his first professional club Flamengo had him take the place of the most influential player in Brazilian midfield at the time: Didi.
The young Gerson combined his speed and relentless shooting power with his intelligence to control the game from midfield.
One of his most important assets was to switch from defensive to offensive play from his own half, via a long, clean ball, at lightning speed.
He had understood early on that the ball was much faster than any player.
Soon people were talking about the successor of the famous Didi.
However, he himself refused to make that comparison.
He was the original Gérson and not the next Didi.
He admitted that he had some affinity with the playmaker of the 1950s, but the midfielder had never served as an example for him.
In the 1970s, Gérson was featured in a TV commercial for cigarettes in which he quoted the following sentence: I would like to take advantage of everything to progress.
From this came the lei de Gérson (Gérson's Law), which has since been associated with the common disregard for laws and regulations in Brazil.
In the 70's and 80's it was generally accepted to cheat, cheat or take advantage of any situation.
Even a quarter of a century after the Law came into being, it still applies to some situations in Brazil.
However, corruption and extortion is slowly starting to decline with the emergence of so-called watchdog agencies who monitor compliance with laws and regulations.
Afterwards, Gérson reacted disapprovingly to the image he had painted in the advertisement.
Born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Eduardo Andrade received, like the vast majority of Brazilian footballers, a nickname early into his football career, being dubbed 'Tostão' (little coin).
Legend has it that as a six-year-old school boy he netted 47 goals in one game for his primary school football team.
Eduardo Gonçalves De Andrade grew up in football in the América Mineiro of Belo Horizonte and, at the age of 14, entered the Cruzeiro youth academy, where he earned the nickname of Tostão (Monetina) due to his small physique, which also became his nickname.
After a further year of apprenticeship at América, he returned to Cruzeiro on a permanent basis and made his debut as a first-team center-forward at sixteen.
With the Cruzeiro shirt he won five consecutive editions of the Campeonato Mineiro, from 1965 to 1969, resulting in the best scorer for four consecutive editions (from 1965 to 1968), and a Taca Brasil in 1966, in fact the Brazilian national championship of the time, beating Santos di Pelé in both home and away finals.
Furthermore, with 249 official goals, Tostão is still the best scorer in Cruzeiro history.
In addition, he is the holder of the record for goals (143) scored at the Mineirao Stadium in Belo Horizonte, having the best average of goals in the stadium per year: 17,875; followed by Atletico Mineiro center forward, Reinaldo, with 11,692 per year.
His move to Vasco da Gama in Rio de Janeiro, in 1972, was one of the most famous of the time and one of the most expensive in Brazilian football.
However, Tostão did not have the opportunity to be very useful to his new team: already suffering from a detachment of the retina due to a ball in the face received in 1969 during a meeting with Corinthians, he spent a lot of time for medical consultations until, to safeguard his sight, he decided to retire in 1973 at the age of only 26, after five retinal surgeries.
In 1947, Hilderaldo Bellini joined the newly founded Sociedade Esportiva in his hometown of Itapira – located around 180 km east of the state capital of São Paulo on the border with Minas Gerais – which that year took part in the state’s interior championship, the Campeonato do Interior.
From 1949 he played for Esportiva in nearby São João da Boa Vista.
At the end of 1952 he was brought to the CR Vasco da Gama in the then federal capital Rio de Janeiro.
With the state championship in 1952, the Maltese cruisers won the last title of their era as Expresso de Vitória, the golden era of the club.
He went through his club career until 1961 at Vasco da Gama, FC São Paulo (until 1968) and ended his active career in 1969 at Athletico Paranaense.
Born in Roseira, São Paulo, Zito initially intended to become a schoolteacher, and attended technical schools in his hometown, before pursuing a career as a footballer.
Reading Football Club are an football club in Reading, Berkshire.
There are two ways to find the cross product of two 3D vectors: with coordinate notation or with angle.
formula_28.
Gustav Mahler was their conductor from 1898 to 1901.
During this time the orchestra played abroad for the first time.
They played at the 1900 Paris World Exposition.
The next conductors of the orchestra were Felix Weingartner, Wilhelm Furtwängler and Clemens Krauss.
A troll is someone who tries to make people angry by saying things on the Internet.
The purpose is to excite strong emotion in an online community.
This is to get a reaction from other online users, or to cause problems.
In social networks platforms, a troll is a user who make inflammatory or inappropriate comments for the sole purpose of upsetting other users and provoking a response.
If someone acts like a troll, this is called trolling.
Bože pravde ; ; God of Justice) is the national anthem of Serbia, enshrined in Article 7 of the Constitution.
It has been around since the 19th century; the music was composed by Slovene musician Davorin Jenko (Davorin Yenko) and the lyrics were written by Jovan Đorđević (Yovan Gyorgyevich) in 1872.
Ten years later, it was first adopted when the Kingdom of Serbia was formed, which then lasted until 1919, a year after the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (then known as the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes) was formed.
It was fully relinquished in 1945 and was replaced by Hej, Slaveni!.
In Austria the dish is traditionally served with a lemon slice, lingonberry jam and either potato salad or potatoes with parsley and butter.
While the traditional Wiener Schnitzel is made of veal, it is now sometimes made of pork, though in that case it is often called Schnitzel Wiener Art (Germany) (Viennese style schnitzel) or Wiener Schnitzel vom Schwein (Austria) (Viennese schnitzel from the pig) to differentiate it from the original.
In Austria, the term Wiener Schnitzel is protected by law, and any schnitzel called by that name has to be made from veal.
Antenor Lucas, better known as Brandãozinho (born in Campinas, Brazil, June 9, 1925 – died in São Paulo, Brazil, April 4, 2000) was a former Brazilian football player.
He has played for Brazil's national team.
Brandaõzinho was widely regarded as one of the finest defenders and midfielders ever to play the game.
He was renowned for his marking, tackling, dribbling, pressure, anticipation and his short and long passes.
He also performs mainly covering and marking duties, positioning himself in front of the defensive line.
Brandanzinho began his career at the Campinas club in 1940, then in 1943 he moved to another São Paulo club, Portuguesa Santista.
In 1949, Brandanzinho moved to Portuguesa Desportos, where he made his debut on September 1, 1949 in a friendly game with the Palmeiras club, which ended in a 1-3 defeat for Portuguesa.
In an official match for Portuguesa, Brandanzinho played for the first time 10 days later: on September 11, in the São Paulo championship, Portuguesa met Corinthians, the game again ended with the defeat of the Brandanzinho club with a score of 1-3, but Portuguesa had an excuse, his player was injured and left the field, and substitutions were not yet practiced in those years.
On September 26, the first victory of Portugues came, with a score of 4-1, Brandanzinho's former club Portuguesa Santista was beaten, one of the goals on Brandanzinho's account, which became the player's first goal in Desportos.
Brandanzinho played for Portuguesa Desportos for 7 years, winning two Rio Sao Paulo tournaments with the club in 1952 and 1955.
In 1952, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Brazilian national team at the Pan American Games tournament, where the Brazilian team won.
The following year, he played as part of the national team at the South American Championship in Peru in 1953, where he won silver with the team.
In 1954, as part of the national team, he participated in the world championship in Switzerland, where he played 3 games.
His last game was in 1955 during the Copa Oswaldo Cruz against Chile.
During his career in the national team, which lasted 3 years, he played 18 matches in its uniform.
He died on July 28, 2005 at the age of 84 from a lung infection.
His ashes were buried in the Cajou cemetery, near the port in Rio de Janeiro.
Zizinho died at the age of 80 at his daughter's house in Niterói.
He had been suffering from a heart condition for years.
The Swine Flu is susceptible to four licensed drugs in the United States, amantadine, rimantadine, oseltamivir and zanamivir.
However, for the 2009 outbreak, it was recommended it be treated with oseltamivir and zanamivir.
The vaccine for the human seasonal flu does not protect against the swine flu.
It is a type of philosophy.
It says that whatever works for you is true.
Spatulas have a handle that is long enough to keep the user's hand away from what they want to lift, flip, or scrap.
On 12 November 1975 the Lord Lyon gave the arms again to Berwickshire District Council.
When the district council ended in 1996, the right to the arms went back to the Queen.
The cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus) is a species of rodent in the Cricetidae family.
Kotor (, ) is a city in Montenegro.
The old Mediterranean port of Kotor is surrounded by a city wall built by the Republic of Venice.
During recent years Kotor has been visited by many tourists, who are attracted by both the beauty of the Gulf of Kotor and the old town.
Arch Resources, Inc.
, previously known as Arch Coal, is the second-largest coal producer in the United States, claiming to hold 12% of America’s coal supply (140 million tons in 2005).
The company's mines are in Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Virginia.
The corporate headquarters are in St.
Louis, Missouri.
Caroline died 20 November 1737.
George was at her side.
Caroline asked him to remarry on her deathbed, to which he replied No, I shall only have mistresses or in French, Non, j'aurai seulement des maîtresses!
in tears.
Caroline's nine pregnancies (from 1707-1724) resulted in eight live births.
One of them, Prince George William (13 November 1717-17 February 1718), died in infancy.
Seven of them lived to adulthood.
Fedora Project is an organization which develops the Linux distribution, Fedora.
It is sponsored by Red Hat.
It consists of Red Hat employees.
However, it works independently.
The history of Vietnam begins around 2,700 years ago.
Successive dynasties based in China ruled Vietnam directly for most of the period from 207 BC until 938, when Vietnam regained its independence.
Vietnam remained a tributary state to its larger neighbor China for much of its history but repelled invasions by the Chinese as well as three invasions by the Mongols between 1255 and 1285.
Emperor Trần Nhân Tông later diplomatically submitted Vietnam to a tributary of the Yuan to avoid further conflicts.
The independent period temporarily ended in the middle to late 19th century, when the country was colonized by France (see French Indochina).
During World War II, Imperial Japan expelled the French to occupy Vietnam, though they retained French administrators during their occupation.
After the war, France attempted to re-establish its colonial rule but failed in the First Indochina War.
The Geneva Accords partitioned the country in two with a promise of democratic election to reunite the country.
The Jacobins were a group of radicalists who supported The French Revolution.
It had strong claws and very powerful jaws.
Biologists estimate that it had the most powerful bite of any mammal, alive or extinct.
Gizmo is a placeholder name for any small technological item.
Similar names are gadget, widget, thingamajig, etc.
New I/O (Input/Output) or Non-blocking I/O, usually called NIO, is a collection of Java programming language Application programming interfaces that offer features for intensive I/O operations.
In 1985, the Bureau of Land Management drilled a new well 965'/294m deep to support the new Wiley's Well Campground, one of only two developed campgrounds in the Mule Mountains Long-Term Visitor Area.
The water is both hot at 90 °F/32 °C and full of minerals.
The water is pumped into a cistern to help cool it to drinking temperature.
Colin Flannery first put forward the idea that photosynthesis needs light in 1779.
He realised that sunlight falling on plants was needed.
Joseph Priestley had noted the release of oxygen gas in 1772, but he did not see the link with light.
In 1931 Cornelius Van Niel proposed that photosynthesis is a case of a general mechanism where a photon of light is used to photodecompose a hydrogen donor, with the hydrogen being used to reduce .
There are many different risotto recipes with different ingredients, but they are all based on rice of an appropriate variety cooked in a standard procedure.
Giovanni Lodetti (; 10 August 1942 – 22 September 2023) is a former Italian football player.
He has played for Italy national team.
As a golygonal path, the swastika is considered to be an irregular icosagon.
The President of Serbia is the head of state of the Republic of Serbia.
Prior to the title of President, head of state which ruled Serbia was called a King.
Presently serving as the head of state is President of Serbia, Aleksandar Vučić.
President Tadic was elected for a second term with a 50.31% majority in the 2008 Serbian presidential election.
Tomislav Nikolić was President after winning the 2012 election.
Aleksandar Vučić is the current President since winning the 2017 election.
It was founded in the Tatar ASSR in April, 1990, and officially registered on January 3, 1992.
Ittifaq was the first non-communist party in Tatarstan.
It is commonly referred to as a Tatar nationalist party.
It was named in honour of Ittifaq al-Muslimin, a pre-revolutionary Muslim political party represented in the parliament (Duma) of the czarist Russia.
The permanent leader of the Ittifaq party is Fäwziä Bäyrämova.
She has been leading the party for more than 20 years.
King's Cross railway station first opened in 1852.
Germanicus' campaign had been to revenge the defeat at Teutoburg but also partly in reaction to signs of mutiny amongst his troops.
One woman died due to high surf near Cabo San Lucas on the Baja California peninsula.
Two fishermen were reported killed off the Sonora coast.
The interwar period was a time in history from 9 November 1918 to 1 September 1939, between the two world wars, World War I and World War II.
De-Stalinization is the way that the Soviet Union tried to undo Joseph Stalin's politics and the heroic image he created of himself using propaganda.
November 2016:- Gulf Air received the Technology Innovation of the year at the Aviation Business Awards.
- Hospitality and Tourism Deployment of the year at the seventh annual Compute News Middle East (CNME) ICT Achievement Award.
It is arguable that we have already succeeded in terraforming right here on Earth.
Thanks to modern technology, humans can now thrive in places that should be impossible to live in such as deserts and the Arctic.
Crowded House are an Australian rock group.
They formed in 1985 in Melbourne, led by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn.
Finn is the main songwriter and creative director of the band.
He has led it through several changes.
The band has people from a few different countries: from New Zealand (Neil and his brother, Tim Finn and Eddie Rayner), Australia (Paul Hester, Nick Seymour, Peter Jones and Craig Hooper) and the United States (Mark Hart, and Matt Sherrod).
Crowded House are referred to as The Crowdies by Australian fans.
Umm, no Australian has ever referred to them as the Crowdies.
Three prirodno-economic zones are conditionally allocated for territories of Kalmykia: western, central and east.
The western zone covers territories of Gorodovikovsky and Jashaltinsky areas, the central zone — territories of Maloderbetovsky, Sarpinsky, Ketchenerovsky, Virgin, Prijutnensky and Iki-Burulsky areas, east — territories October, Justinsky, Jashkulsky, Chernozemelsky, Lagansky * Dolbansky and Limansky areas.
Most favourable on it is soil-environmental conditions the western zone is.
Air rise in temperature is observed from the north on the south and the southeast of territory of republic.
During the winter period there is thaw, in separate days — blizzards, and sometimes formed ice aggrieves to agriculture, causing an icing of herbage of pastures and winter crops.
A mobile home, or house trailer, is a moving home which can be pulled behind a truck, tractor or strong car on major roads.
Some mobile homes have multiple sections, such as with a double-wide trailer, which can be joined together after being pulled onto a lot as separate trailers.
Some also have front or back porches which can be joined outside the doors of the house trailer.
Mobile homes can also be referred to as simply trailers or caravans.
Integrated Services Digital Network is an international standard for a communication network.
It is often shortened to ISDN.
It is used for telephone lines.
Before ISDN, telephone lines were mainly seen as a way for people to make phone calls, so the main idea was to use circuit switching.
When a phone call is made, a line is set up between the two participants.
This phone call is analogue.
With ISDN, this view changes.
As the signal is now digital ISDN can be used to offer a number of services, which use the telephone line to transport data.
There were different services, like telex or teleprinters before ISDN, but they used their own networks.
At specific locations, there were gateways between these networks.
With ISDN, this changes.
There is only one network, and it offers different services.
Some of them are for voice, to make phone calls, others are for data, for example to send telefaxes.
Sena / Sen Dynasty was founded by Samanta Sen.
Adi Purush Veersen of this dynasty is considered.
They trace their origins to the Brahmakshatra Kayastha tradition.
After the fall of the Pala dynasty, the Sena dynasty was established in Bengal.
He was also a follower of Shaivism.
It assumed the title of Gaudeshwar of the Pala rulers.
He himself was a patron of scholars and scholars.
He composed a book called Dansagar.But could not complete it.
Later Lakshmanasen completed it.
This started the movement under the name of nobility.
Its purpose was to maintain the superiority and purity of power of the elite castes.
The superiority and purity of power was to be maintained.
First of all, he called Brahmins from Kannauj and settled in Bengal.
After his death, his son became the ruler.
Tranquillisers are drugs produced to treat anxiety, depression and insomnia.
Prescribed by a doctor, they are designed to reduce anxiety, and promote calmness, relaxation and sleep.
There are hundreds of different tranquillisers around, but most common are the benzodiazepines.
In 2008, North Region Junior League sides Formartine United and Turriff United both submitted bids to join the Highland League, following in the footsteps of past Junior League side Inverurie Locos.
If both teams were to join, the Highland League would have a total of 17 teams.
An even team league is preferred, so only one club's application was likely to be successful.
Whichever team is successful in their application was planned to join in the 2009–10 season.
However Banks O' Dee and Strathspey Thistle also applied, giving the potential for an 18 team Highland league in 2009-10 if three of these four clubs were elected.
The Meselson–Stahl experiment was an experiment done by Matthew Meselson and Franklin Stahl in 1958, using E.
coli DNA.
In 1553, Queen Mary came to the throne and it was made illegal to hold Protestant views.
Mary condemned 277 people for not having the right sort of religion.
This crime was called heresy.
The show originally aired on ABC for its full run, except for the third season which ran on syndication at the same time as the second season ran on ABC.
Later, reruns of the show appeared on USA Network, Fox Family before moving to Nickelodeon from 1996 to 1999 and on Cartoon Network in 2002.
Teletoon aired episodes of the series in the month of October beginning in 1998, but has not done so in recent years.
All the sepals together are called calyx.
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (; English: Flamengo Rowing Club), commonly referred to as Flamengo, is a Brazilian sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighbourhood of Gávea, best known for their professional football team.
Flamengo is the only team in the World to have 40 million fans within its country, therefore, it is the most popular club in the Americas.
The show often has long distance races.
They usually race a fast car against a different form of transportation like trains and boats.
They are called 'epic' races.
The challenge part of the show is about different stunts of the most ridiculous things the show can come up with.
One time they jumped a bus over a row of motorcycles (instead of the motorcycle jumping over buses).
With a population of 45,002, Châlons-en-Champagne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Its major cities are Anyang, Hebi, Jiaozuo, Kaifeng, Luohe, Luoyang, Nanyang, Pingdingshan, Puyang, Sanmenxia, Shangqiu, Xinxiang, Xinyang, Xuchang, Zhengzhou, Zhoukou and Zhumadian.
This kind of distilled beverage was first found in Persia, where the distillation methods of producing alcoholic beverage originated from.
But through a Mongolian who contacted Islamic culture did this kind of alcoholic beverage and the distillation techniques of making such a drink come about to the East.
Seventeen Years was featured in the 2008 movie Cloverfield.
Loud Pipes was featured in the PlayStation game MLB 07: The Show.
Dura was used in CSI Season 9, Episode 7 Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda.
Binary form (also know as AB Form or movement of continuity) is a type of form of music pieces.
The word Binary means in two parts.
The word Form is a kind of guideline for composers when they write a piece of music.
So, binary form means An outline in two parts.
A musical piece in binary form is a musical piece with two sections.
On January 29, 2023, Google celebrated the drink as a doodle.
Judging Criteria for a showcase include; synchronicity, stage-presence, theme & music and choreography.
Criteria for individual B-Boys include; top rock, footwork, freeze and power move.
In the Kansai region, people grill meat in the pan greased with lard.
After that, they put the other ingredients over these, and the liquid is poured into the pan.
They do not grill meat and the ingredients that make the meat tough, and they do not grill the meat and watery vegetables at a same time.
This is the Kansai style of cooking sukiyaki.
The Wonder Girls was a South Korean girl group.
The Wonder Girls debuted on February 10th, 2007 on Show!Music Core, singing Irony, the single from their debut mini-album, The Wonder Begins.
The mini-album went on to become a minor hit, selling 11,454 copies in 2007.
The main producer was Jin-young Park, the leader of JYP Entertainment.
Wonder Girls is the first female group from JYP Entertainment since it was established.
Each of the five original members were selected through auditions.
Aldgate tube station is important in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes story The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans.
On June 7, 2008, SHINee participated in the Dream Concert in the Seoul Olympic Stadium along with other high profile Korean stars such as Epik High, Girls' Generation, Super Junior, TVXQ and the Wonder Girls.
The group won their first award, Rookie of the Month, at the Cyworld Digital Music Award on June 22, 2008.
SHINee took part in SMTown Live '08, which was held on August 18, 2008.
They performed alongside labelmates BoA, Cheon Sang Ji Hee the Grace, Girls' Generation, Super Junior and TVXQ.
On August 23, 2008, SHINee attended MNet's 20's Choice Awards 2008, where they won the Hot New Star award.
SHINee released their full debut album, The SHINee World, on August 28, 2008.
The album debuted on the charts at #3, selling 30,000 copies.
Cha Bum-Kun, famous football manager and former player (nicknamed Tscha Bum), graduated from KU.
Johnny & Associates (, janīzu jimusho in Japanese) is a well-known talent agent in Japan.
The company was established in 1963 by Johnny Kitagawa.
It accepts and trains talented boys and promotes their debuts to the entertainment industry.
Although Johnny & Associates once accepted female idol candidates in 1980s, it now only takes boys as its candidates.
This musical was first performed in 1997.
The 777-200 was the first and original type of 777.
It was first flown on June 12, 1994 and entered service with United Airlines on June 7, 1995.
It was made to fly up to 440 people in a single class layout, and could fly 5240 nautical miles (9700 km).
88 777-200 were made, with no -200 waiting to be made.
On October 8, 1988, 12 prisoners from Youngdeungpo Prison escaped into Seoul city during their transfer to Kongju Prison.
Although they were known to Koreans as cruel and inhumane criminals, they were actually accused of robbery and other small crimes.
They escaped because they were enraged by the idea of “Preventive Custody Policy, and that trials were conducted unfairly to the poor.
Their prison term for stealing 5,000,000 won was longer than that of Jun Kyung Hwan, brother of the former Korean president, who had embezzled approximately 60,000,000,000 won.
Balkanska received numerous awards throughout her career as a folk music singer.
One of her favourite recognitions is a golden statuette from the Art Olympiad in Los Angeles in 1997.
In 2002 the Bulgarian president honoured her with a Stara Planina medal, considered the highest national award.
In the same year she also received the Golden Lyre award by the Union of Bulgarian Musicians and Dancers.
Balkanska became an awardee of the Golden Phenomenon prize for helping the popularization of Bulgarian folk music and culture and for the same reason she was the first Bulgarian to be honoured by UNESCO as a citizen of the planet.
After rising to army command early in 1917, Hutier began to apply the lessons learned from his three years of commanding troops, along with his study of tactics used by other armies.
He devised a new strategy for the Germans to break the stalemate of trench warfare.
These tactics were to prove so successful in 1917 and 1918 that the French dubbed them Hutier tactics, although the more commonly used term today is infiltration tactics.
The Chinese striped hamster (Cricetulus barabensis), also known as the striped dwarf hamster, is a species of hamster.
It is distributed across northern Asia, from southern Siberia through Mongolia and northeastern China to northern North Korea.
Lembit Oll (23 April 1966 – Tallinn, 17 May 1999) was an Estonian chess grandmaster.
He was already successful as a junior, becoming champion of Estonia in 1982 and junior champion of the Soviet Union in 1984.
He also won multiple European and World junior championships.
The FIDE awarded him the IM-title in 1983 and the GM-title in 1992.
From that moment, he regularly played for Estonia during Chess Olympiads and European teamchampionships.
Early 1998 he reached his highest rating on the FIDE rating list: 2655.
Novak Djokovic (born 22 May 1987) is a Serbian professional tennis player.
Ibn Battuta (1304 – 1368 or 1369) was a Moroccan explorer.
He is known for the account of his journeys called the Rihla (Voyage).
He travelled for nearly 30 years and covered most of the Islamic world.
He also explored West Africa, Southern and Eastern Europe, South Asia, Central Asia, Southeast Asia and China.
This distance was more than Marco Polo travelled; about .
Ibn Battuta was considered the greatest traveller of the medieval period.
Battuta also made maps that were used by cartographers.
He also met Mohammad Bin Tughlaq and wrote a book called The Travels Of Ibn Battutta.
When the Japanese invaded Joseon in 1592, King Seonjo escaped from Hanyang (present-day Seoul) and fled to Uiju.
When the war finished, he returned to Seoul.
King Gwanghaegun who succeeded King Seonjo renamed this palace Gyeongun Palace (Gyeongungung ; 경운궁).
The palace became a secondary royal residence after the king moved to Changdeok Palace.
Queen Dowager Inmok was confined to the palace, and it was renamed West Palace(Seogung ; 서궁).
After two years, King Gojong returned to power and he chose to live in this palace.
He renamed this palace Gyeongun Palace again.
An electrical system and fencing were installed at the palace, and the name of the palace was changed to Deoksugung Palace: meaning the palace of virtuous longevity.
As of January 2013, it had the largest market share for its timeslot; with between 13 and 17 percent of Korean television viewers watching Infinite Challenge every Saturday night.
making it the most-watched free-to-air television program on Saturday evenings, and the most viewed non-drama program in South Korea every week (excluding special sporting events, since November 2006, with the exception of January 2009, April and May 2010).
Brown Eyed Soul is a Korean musical singing group.
The 4 men in the band are Naul, Jung-Yeop, Sung-Hun, & Young-Jun.
Their genre is soul pop and R&B.
Brown Eyed Soul made their debut in 2003 with their 1st album Soul Free.
Their 2nd album, The Wind, The Sea, The Rain was released in 2007.
They took four years to release their 2nd album.
Although 4 years was a long time, they still had many fans.
Their 2nd album sold about 100,000 copies.
It helped them win the R&B award at the 5th Korean Music awards in 2008.
Nail art is a creative activity that draws pictures or designs fingernails.
It a type of art.
These days fingernails and toenails are seen by some as important points of beauty.
In some cultures, nail art is linked to femininity.
Gyeongju was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Silla (57 BC – 935 AD).
Silla ruled most of the Korean Peninsula between the 7th and 9th centuries, and many archaeological sites from that time are still in the city.
This is why Gyeongju is often called the museum without walls.
In his later years Böhm spent his time as guest conductor.
He was invited to conduct many of the leading world orchestras.
He often performed at Salzburg, Bayreuth, Vienna, Berlin, Munich, Hamburg, Milan, Paris and New York.
A scrapbook is a book where people can keep pictures, newspapers articles, recipes, letters and similar things.
It is often used to keep memorable things or a collection of things.
It is also often used in the hobby of scrapbooking.
Scrapbooking is the use of a scrapbook as a hobby rather than a more practical use such as keeping collections of recipes used in daily cooking.
It is a way to preserve pictures and memories in a book that can last throughout a person's whole life.
Scrapbooking is becoming more popular.
The hobby interest has created a business phenomenon with many companies selling various tools, paper and equipment to make the craft easier and more enjoyable.
In the Truchsess War and later the Thirty Years' War Gerresheim was raided some times.
Even the nons of Abbay became poorer.
In 1803 there was no Abbay anymore.
In 1809 Gerresheim was taken over by Prussia.
A comedy team brings together a straight man (tsukkomi) who feeds punchlines to a funny man (boke).
A pair of comedians with a special back-and-forth style is called kakeai manzai.
Nevin's music is romantic, and sometimes rather sentimental for modern tastes.
His best known piece is Narcissus from Water Scenes.
These pieces were used by the dancer Isadora Duncan to dance to.
He also wrote a famous song called The Rosary and Mighty Lak' a Rose.
The Tube Map was the first map to use these simplifying techniques that are now used in transport maps across the world.
Transport for London (TfL) continue to expand the Tube map as more stations, lines and methods of transport are added.
Dead Space is a third-person survival horror video game, made by Visceral Games for the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows.
The player plays as an engineer named Isaac Clarke.
He fights against an alien infestation which turns humans into monsters called Necromorphs on a mining ship in space named the USG Ishimura.
The following examples all use code written in Python.
Note that this is not a complete list of Big O types.
Presley died on January 12, 2023, at the age of 54 after surffering from a cardiac arrest.
Two days before she died, Presley was at the 80th Golden Globe Awards with her mother.
She was seen having trouble walking and needed to be helped by her talent manager and friend Jerry Schilling.
Later that month, on January 22, a funeral was held for her.
Her funeral was attended by her mother and three daughters, Sarah, Duchess of York, Austin Butler, Billy Corgan, and Axl Rose.
Almaviva comes to the doctor's house again.
This time he is disguised as a music teacher.
He is pretending that Basilio is ill and that he has come instead.
At first Bartolo is suspicious but he soon lets him in when he shows him Rosina's letter.
He gives Rosina a singing lesson.
Bartolo thinks that Lindoro is one of the Count's servants and that he is trying to get girls for the Count.
Bartolo does not want to leave him alone with Rosina, so he gets Figaro (who is a barber) to shave him.
The Martens are small mammals in the family Mustelidae.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year.
30 Seconds to Mars has received one award from two nominations.
The Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards were established by the television channel Fuse TV.
It proposes the 30 Seconds to Mars among the best rock artists.
They won all the nominations.
The Fuse Awards are an enclosure to the Fuse Fangoria Chainsaw Awards.
They wins for Fuse Best of 2007.
The Hollywood Life's Breakthrough of the Year Awards they recognizes the most beloved people of Hollywood.
In 2006 Jared Leto wins for Crossover Artist.
The MTVu Woodie Awards were established in 2005 by MTV, which they say recognizes the music voted best by college students.
Hannah Montana: The Movie is a 2009 Walt Disney Pictures musical comedy movie based on the Disney Channel show Hannah Montana which was released on April 10, 2009, by Walt Disney Pictures, it was the second Disney Channel series to have a movie for Walt Disney Pictures.
The movie was directed by Peter Chelsom.
Filming began in April 2008.
Most of the filming was in Columbia, Tennessee and Los Angeles, California and was completed in July 2008.
The movie stars Miley Cyrus, Emily Osment, Mitchel Musso, Jason Earles, Moises Arias, Lucas Till, and Billy Ray Cyrus.
There are also some musical guests including Rascall Flatts and Grammy Winner Taylor Swift.
This DVD includes the first four episodes with Jake Ryan.
Because Chiang Kai-shek was ignored by the American general, he had Stilwell called back to the United States.
New York Times reporter Brooks Atkinson wrote at the time: The decision to relieve General Stilwell represents the political triumph of a moribund, anti-democratic regime that is more concerned with maintaining its political supremacy than in driving the Japanese out of China.
America is now committed...
to support a regime that has become increasingly unpopular and mistrusted in China, that maintains three secret police services and concentration camps for political prisoners, that stifles free speech and resists democratic forces...
The Chinese Communists...
have good armies that are now fighting guerrilla warfare against the Japanese in North China...
The Generalissimo regards these armies as the chief threat to his supremacy...
has made no sincere attempt to arrange at least a truce with them for the duration of the war...
No diplomatic genius could have overcome the Generalissimo's basic unwillingness to risk his armies in battle with the Japanese...
Fully Loaded (1999) took place on July 25, 1999 at the Marine Midland Arena in Buffalo, New York.
Eshtehard () is a city in Alborz Province in Iran.
Ichi the Killer is a Japanese movie about a man named Kakihara who is part of a Japanese gang.
He enjoys giving and receiving pain.
When his gang boss goes missing, Kakihara is angry because he thinks nobody else will be able to give him as much pain and pleasure as his boss did.
It turns out Kakihara's boss was murdered by a violent killer called Ichi (Japanese for the number one).
300 million yen was stolen by the group that arrived to clean the mess up.
Kakihara has convinced himself that his boss is alive and tortures a member of a rival gang for information.
The man turns out to be innocent and Kakihara is kicked out of his gang.
It is reported that this problem with the CL&SS contributed to the bankruptcy of the cable company in 1888.
However, electric motor traction had been considered all along, and much engineering progress had been made since the tunnel's construction had begun in 1886.
So, CL&SS chairman Charles Grey Mott decided to switch to electric traction.
Other cable-operated systems using the Hallidie patents continued to be designed, such as the Glasgow Subway which opened in 1896.
Although the C&SLR was well used, low ticket prices and the construction cost of the extensions placed a strain on the company's finances.
In 1913, the C&SLR became part of the Underground Group of railways and, in the 1920s, it underwent major reconstruction works before its merger with another of the Group's railways, the Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway, forming a single London Underground line called the Morden-Edgware line.
In 1933, the C&SLR and the rest of the Underground Group was taken into public ownership.
Today, its tunnels and stations form the Bank Branch of the Northern line from Camden Town to Kennington and the southern leg of the line from Kennington to Morden.
On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan was amalgamated with other Underground railways, tramway companies and bus operators to form the London Passenger Transport Board, and a period of rationalisation followed.
, also called Hokusai, was a Japanese artist.
He was a master of the ukiyo-e style of woodblock prints and painting.
Borussia V.f.L.
1900 Mönchengladbach is a football club which plays in the German Bundesliga.
Borussia Mönchengladbach has over 40,000 members and is the sixth largest club in Germany.
Yoo has played in over 100 international matches.
Beverly Hills is bordered on the east by the city of West Hollywood, on the north by Bel-Air and the Santa Monica Mountains, the Carthay neighborhood of Los Angeles, and the Fairfax District of Los Angeles, and on the south by the Beverlywood.
Kurt Eisner (14 May 1867 in Berlin – 21 February 1919 in Munich) was a Bavarian politician and journalist.
As a German socialist journalist and statesman, he organized the Socialist Revolution that took over the Wittelsbach monarchy in Bavaria in November 1918.
William Morris (24 March 1834 – 3 October 1896) was an English wallpaper, furniture and fabric designer, artist, writer, and socialist.
He was born in Walthamstow in North East London.
Morris wrote and published poetry, fiction, and translations of ancient and medieval texts throughout his life, among others Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs (1876).
His best-known works include The Defence of Guenevere and Other Poems (1858), The Earthly Paradise (1868–1870), A Dream of John Ball (1888) and the utopia News form Nowhere (1890).
His poetry was strongly influenced by Geoffrey Chaucer's work.
This influence can be seen in the use of rhyme royal.
Some répétiteurs may go on to become famous conductors, e.g.
Josef Krips, Howard Goodall, and Georg Solti.
He soon became known as a conductor, conducting the London Symphony Orchestra and, from 1920, The Hallé, which he made into one of the best orchestras in England.
The American Music Awards is an annual music awards ceremony in the United States.
Creed has received four American Music Award from six nominations.
North Cascades National Park is a national park in the U.S.
state of Washington.
It was established on 2 October 1968.
The park covers 634,000 acres of the Cascade Range (specifically the North Cascades).
North Cascades National Park features the rugged mountain peaks of the North Cascades Range.
This is the most expansive glacial system in the mainland United States.
The Park also has the headwaters of numerous waterways, and vast forests with the highest degree of flora biodiversity of any US national park.
Zhu Xi was born Wu Yuan, North East Jiangxi province.
His father died when he was at the age of thirteen.
He continued his studies until he passed the test for a government job.
He taught for many years in the Wuyi Mountains and he is also remembered for the time he spent teaching at the Yuelu Academy in Changsha and at his retreat near the White Deer Grotto in Lushan.
In his life his ideas were not generally accepted and he was fired from quite a lot of official positions.
After his death nearly 1000 people were at his funeral and his tablet was put in a Confucian temple.
The trains continued to finish at Epping or Loughton until 1949.
At this time the London Passenger Transport Board's New Works project extended the Central line to Epping using electric trains.
The Central Line would take over the railway from British Rail.
As part of this change, the Epping-Ongar branch line had its through trains to London removed.
Instead, a shuttle service between Epping (to connect with trains to London) and Ongar was used.
At one stage, it was possible to see the unusual sight of steam trains and London Underground electric multiple units side-by-side at Epping.
The steam shuttle was hired by the London Transport Executive from British Rail.
This was because it was felt that the cost of electrifying the line to Ongar could not be justified because of the low passenger numbers on this part of the branch.
The River Lee or River Lea is a river in England.
It begins in Leagrave Park, Leagrave, Luton in the Chiltern Hills.
It flows generally southeast, east, and then south to London where it meets the River Thames.
The last section is known as Bow Creek.
Most learned people argue that the person who started the book was not Jeremiah.
Jeremiah was a Hellenistic Jew who lived in Alexandria.
Whoever wrote it, the work was written with a purpose: to teach the Jews not to worship the gods of the Babylonians.
Instead, to worship only the Lord.
The juniper berry is the female seed cone made by the different kinds of junipers.
It is not a true berry, but its unusual roundness and merged scales make it look like a berry.
Some of the cones are used as spices.
Juniper berries are also used to flavour gin.
According to a FAO document, juniper berries are the only spice that comes from conifers.
However, tar and bark from pine trees are sometimes thought of as spices, too.
Kissinger was Richard Nixon's most trusted advisor on foreign affairs.
He was in government during the Cold War and promoted what he called realpolitik in dealing with the Soviet Union and Communist China.
He was a major force behind the 1973 ceasefire in the Vietnam War.
With a population of 10,275, Limoux has a population density of inhabitants/km.
3G, the short form for the third generation, is the third generation of wireless mobile telecommunication technology.
It was replaced by 4G.
It is a profound truth that Nature does not know best; that genetical evolution...
is a story of waste, makeshift, compromise and blunder.
Peter Medawar.
Adaptations are never perfect.
There are always tradeoffs between the various functions and structures in a body.
It is the organism as a whole which lives and reproduces, therefore it is the complete set of adaptations which gets passed on to future generations.
All adaptations have a downside: horse legs are great for running on grass, but they cannot scratch their backs; mammals' hair helps temperature regulation, but offers a niche for ectoparasites.
Compromise and make-shift occur widely, not perfection.
Selection pressures pull in different directions, and the adaptation that results is some kind of compromise.
The name amaranth comes from the Greek a (not) + marainean (to waste away).
A flower that never died that was believed to grow on Mount Olympus.
In the Middle East, green cardamom powder is used as a spice for sweet dishes.
Traditionally, it is also added as a flavoring to coffee and tea there.
In Arabic, cardamom is called al-Hayl.
In Persian, it is called hel.
In Hebrew, it is also called hel (הל).
In Gujarati (a derivative of Sanskrit), it is Ē-lī-chē.
Amomum is used as a spice and as an ingredient in traditional medicine in systems of the traditional Chinese medicine in China, in Ayurveda in India, Japan, Korea and Vietnam.
Say: He is Allah, the One and Only; Allah, the Eternal, Absolute; None is born of Him, nor is He born; And there is no one like him.
Hide and Seek is a suspense movie starring Robert DeNiro and Dakota Fanning.
It was directed by John Polson.
The recorded history of slippers can be traced back to the 12th century.
In the West, the record can only be traced to 1478.
Victorian people needed such shoes to keep the dust and gravel outside their homes.
For Victorian ladies, slippers gave an opportunity to show off their needlepoint skills and use embroidery as decoration.
Her father is from Ağrı and her mother is from Tunceli.
Angers S.C.O.
is a football club which plays in France.
The second season had 10 episodes.
It premiered on June 27, 2010 and ended on September 12, 2010.
On September 2, 2010, HBO renewed Hung for a third season of 10 episodes.
The season will start on October 2, 2011.
Montrichard is a town and former commune in the Loir-et-Cher département (county), in France.
On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Montrichard-Val-de-Cher.
Tony Gwynn (May 9, 1960 - June 16, 2014) was an American baseball player.
He was a Major League Baseball player for the San Diego Padres.
He played from 1982 to 2001.
The scene now changes to The Boar Inn.
It is very noisy inside.
Bob Boles gets drunk and wants to make love to the landlady’s nieces.
The storm is still raging outside.
Grimes comes in.
People are shocked, but Grimes does not notice.
He sings and song about human fate: “Now the Great Bear and Pleiades.
The tune is in the orchestra in canon while Grimes sings very simple lines of music.
People are embarrassed, so they start to sing a round: “Old Joe has gone fishing.
It has three tunes and has seven counts in a bar.
The boy is brought in and Grimes takes him off in spite of the storm.
To his surprise, most subjects did as they were told until the very end of the experiment, though many found it difficult.
There have been many repetitions and variations of the experiment, with similar results.
Talking about Jordan, Wales said, Mr.
Ryan was a friend, and still is a friend.
He is a young man, and he has offered me a heartfelt personal apology, which I have accepted.
I hope the world will let him go in peace to build an honorable life and reputation.
Starting in Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire, Pokémon have abilities which affect them in various ways.
These can be abilities that work while in battle or when the player is just walking around.
An example is the ability Overgrow which increases the power of Grass-type moves when a Pokémon's health is below 1/3 of its full amount.
Some Pokémon can only evolve by level in a certain place.
Some Pokémon evolve by level if it is holding a certain item.
Some Pokémon only evolve if traded to a friend while holding an item.
In the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Mudkip is a Water-type Basic Pokémon, just like its video game counterparts.
As a Basic Pokémon, it can be played in a battle, as the competitions of the card game are called, without the use of a special card.
If the player has a Marshtomp card in their hand, they can play it on top of the Mudkip card, which is the card game's equivalent of evolving.
Mudkip has appeared in the sets EX Ruby & Sapphire, EX Dragon, and EX Emerald.
It also appears in EX Team Rocket Returns, but as Mudkip Star.
This card is different to the other Mudkip cards, because it is the rarest in the set.
Rodolfo Oroz (1895–1997) was a Chilean professor, and philologist.
He won the Chilean National Prize for Literature in 1978.
The town is 13 miles south of Derby.
The local council meet in this town.
The population of Swadlincote is 33,000.
The same process happens now with the copper content of coins such as the pre-1997 Canadian penny (one cent), the pre-1982 United States penny and the pre-1992 UK copper pennies and two pence.
The prefecture is divided into eleven different counties.
Nagchu County contains the capital of Nagqu.
Bobby Bonilla is an all-star baseball player.
He has played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, New York Mets, and the Florida Marlins.
In 2001, briefly, he played for the St.
Louis Cardinals.
On May 28, the NHC started to monitor the storm again and on 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC), they declared the storm to be a tropical cyclone and named it Tropical Depression One.
At that time, the storm's location was about 310 mi (500 km) south of Providence, Rhode Island.
After it was named as a depression, the storm showed deep convection and the center of circulation was at the northwestern part of the storm.
The reason why the depression restrengthened was because of lower wind shear and warmer ocean waters from the Gulf Stream.
Later that day, the depression started to weaken when it moved into an area with higher wind shear and colder ocean waters.
Around 7:30 pm EDT (2330 UTC), a QuikSCAT satellite flew over the depression and found tropical storm-force winds.
But the NHC thought the depression didn't strengthen and that winds were affected by rain.
After the satellite passed over the depression, the center of circulation moved closer to the northwest edge of the storm and convection started to decrease.
To convert from the Celsius scale into the absolute temperature, you add 273.15 and change °C to K.
To get a temperature on the absolute scale to the Celsius scale, subtract 273.15 and change K to °C.
This is normally used in the science world.
Kelvin is used globally as a part of the International System of Units.
It is one of the 7 base units of the system.
Tropical Depression Six started on July 19.
The National Hurricane Center was thinking it would become a hurricane.
Six died down on July 21 without even becoming a tropical storm.
Seven started on July 25 offshore Florida.
Seven did not become a tropical storm before making landfall in St.
Catherines Island, Georgia.
Seven died down on July 27 and did not killed anyone, damage was next to nothing.
Seven had the highest pressure of the storms in 2003, this made it the weakest storm in 2003.
Tropical Depression Nine started on August 21.
People at the National Hurricane Center said that it might become a tropical storm.
Wind Shear attack Tropical Depression Nine.
Tropical Depression Nine died down without becoming a tropical storm.
The remains caused heavy rain in Dominican Republic leaving $20,000 in damage.
Nine did not actually kill anyone.
Hurricane Fabian was a powerful Cape Verde-type hurricane that hit Bermuda in early September during the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Fabian, the sixth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season, caused $200 million in damage and 8 deaths.
Henri was a strong tropical storm that formed near Florida.
Before Henri made landfall in Florida on September 6, it weakened back to a tropical depression.
It crossed Florida and never became a tropical storm again.
Henri died down on September 8.
Henri left $19.6 million in damage and killed no one.
The remains of Henri caused flooding to the some of the Mid-Atlantic states.
Tropical Depression Fourteen started on September 8 and died down on September 10.
It only came near Cape Verde Islands.
It left no one dead and did not cause any damage.
Tropical Storm Peter was a rare second December storm.
Peter almost became a hurricane but cold waters killed it on December 11.
Peter was one of eleven P names used in the Atlantic Ocean.
All tracks written by Stephen Lynch.
Her husband worked for the government.
He did not earn much money and the family was growing quickly.
Nadezhda wanted her husband to be rich.
At this time the steam engine had recently been invented, and railways were just starting to be built in Russia.
Nadezhda thought her husband could earn a lot of money building railways.
She was right.
As an engineer he became responsible for buildings thousands of miles of railroad tracks.
The new railways allowed grain to be transported from Central Russia to places like Moscow.
This means that it is up to any state that already exists to treat any other group as a state.
This recognition can be direct or implied.
When a state does this, it usually means that the group will also be treated as a state for things that happened in the past.
Sometimes it means that the state wants diplomatic relations with the other group, but not always.
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna the Final Act only recognized 39 sovereign states in Europe.
Because of this, they said that in future new states would have to be recognized by other states.
In practice, this meant recognition by one or more of the most powerful countries.
Lollipop is the first single off of American rapper Lil Wayne's sixth studio album Tha Carter III.
The song also features American singer Static Major.
The song was released on March 13, 2008.
The song was able to make it to #1 on the Billboard Hot 100, spending five weeks there.
It was also certified 5× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Static Major died two weeks before the song was released.
The movie begins with two air force officers in a nuclear missile silo who are ordered to fire the missiles in the silo.
The officers believe the order to be real and begin to fire the missiles.
One of the officers decides not to fire and so the US government replaces all the men in the missile silos with computer control.
Till was from Chicago, Illinois.
He went to see his relatives in the Mississippi Delta area when he spoke to 21-year-old Carolyn Bryant.
She was the married owner of a small grocery store.
Several nights later, Bryant's husband Roy and his half-brother J.
W.
Milam, went to Till's great-uncle's house.
They took Till to a barn.
It is believed that they beat him and removed one of his eyes .
They then shot him in the head and put his body in the Tallahatchie River.
His body was found in the river three days later.
Lydia Chapin (Taft) (d.
1778) was a starter of women's suffrage movement in Colonial America.
She was the first woman legally allowed to vote in colonial America.
After the death of her wealthy husband and elder son, the family was left without an adult Heir apparent.
She was given this right by the town meeting of Uxbridge, Massachusetts in 1756.
For the great majority of American women, voting rights for women were not granted until much later on.
Montigny comes from two latin words.
British coins were used until 1910, when Australian silver coins started to be made and used.
There were florins, shillings, sixpences and threepences.
They had a picture of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom on one side.
Australian pennies and half-pennies started to be used the next year.
In 1931 gold sovereigns, which had also been used before 1910, stopped being made in Australia.
A crown (five shilling) coin was made for use between 1937 and 1938.
People did not like them very much so you would not have seen them often after 1940.
The first paper money to be used all over Australia were made by fifteen banks and the Queensland government made between 1910 and 1914.
There were 1, 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 Pound banknotes.
They had Australian Note printed on them.
None of the 100 pound notes are known to still exist.
Pass is the frequent-flyer program Peruvian Airlines created to reward the loyalty of our travelers with many benefits.
The card identifying him as members of the Peruvian Pass allows them to accumulate and earn miles for each trip in a Peruvian Airlines routes.
An octane rating is a measurement of how well fuels resist detonation.
Modern engines use high degrees of compression.
They therefore need fuel that does not detonate easily.
Such fuel has a higher octane rating.
The rating is done by comparing the fuel to the mixture of iso-octane and heptane that would detonate in the same way.
Such a mixture of 90 percent iso-octane and 10 percent heptane has an octane rating of 90.
Gas is available with lower octane ratings in the US than in Europe.
The Venetians, to whom the Dalmatians were already bound by language and culture, could afford to concede liberal terms as its main goal was to prevent the development of any dangerous political or commercial competitor on the eastern Adriatic.
The seafaring community in Dalmatia looked to Venice as mistress of the Adriatic.
In return for protection, the cities often furnished a contingent to the army or navy of their suzerain, and sometimes paid tribute either in money or in kind.
Arbe (Rab), for example, annually paid ten pounds of silk or five pounds of gold to Venice.
Hungary, on the other hand, defeated the last Croat king in 1097 and laid claim on all lands of the Croatian noblemen since the treaty of 1102.
King Coloman of Hungary proceeded to conquer Dalmatia in 1102-1105.
The farmers and the merchants who traded in the interior favoured Hungary as their most powerful neighbour on land that affirmed their municipal privileges.
Breaking Point was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on September 13, 2009 at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It contained wrestlers from the Smackdown, ECW, and RAW brands.
The name of the event was voted by fans via WWE's official website.
Breaking Point was chosen over Submission Sunday, Total Submission, and Submit & Quit.
After World War II any political entity related to the historical presence of Venice in southern Dalmatia ceased to exist and the area was definitely incorporated into Yugoslavia.
From 1940 to 1947, his brother Max Bentley was his teammate and linemate in Chicago.
Both brothers have been elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame, and in 1998, both brothers were named to The Hockey News' list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players, Max at number 48 and Doug at number 73.
The painting was damaged a bit by a fire in 1734 and some of it was repainted, including the left cheek of the Infanta.
In recent years it lost some of its colour, partly due to the pollution caused by so many visitors to the gallery.
It was cleaned in 1984.
Some people thought it made the picture look different.
Cyanide Spill of 2000: An hour before midnight on January 30, 2000, a dam holding back water in a settling area for the Baia Mare gold mine burst, spilling its contents into the Somes river, and subsequently into the Tisza river.
The spill resulted in the release of at least 100,000 cubic meters of water containing high concentrations of cyanide, as well as heavy metals such as copper, zinc and lead.
Cyanide is used to purify gold from rocks, and the water contained concentrations that exceeded the 'heavily polluted' threshold by 40 to 160 times.
Zinc concentration was twice the acceptable standard, and lead concentration was 5 to 9 times greater.
Rumanian authorities were quickly notified of the spill and immediately raised an alarm that prevented the loss of any human life.
However, the spill killed all aquatic plant and animal life for dozens of miles downstream.
On February 12, the toxic water flowed into the Danube, which receives water from the Tisza, carrying its impact into Hungary and Serbia, as well.
Inhabitants of Belgrade witnessed a Danube with dead fish floating on the surface.
Up to 100 people, most of them children, were treated after eating fish contaminated by the heavy chemicals.
The Rumanian media entitled this environmental disaster ‘the largest since Chernobyl’.
Umm Kulthum is seen as a national icon of Egypt and defined the Arabic music all over North Africa and the Middle East in the 20th century.
She became known as “The Voice of Egypt, “Star of the East and “Egypt’s Fourth Pyramid.
Her music spans a time period of around fifty years (1924-1973), whereby mass cultural and political shifts were experienced in North Africa and the Middle East.
Not alone did Umm Kulthum's music attribute to the cultural heritage of the region, her music also evolved with the changing political dynamics in Egypt.
Umm Kulthum herself was thereby active in challenging the position of women in music and in the country and contributed to the forming of a national identity of the Egyptians after post-colonial rule.
Moon conspiracy theorists think that NASA faked the Apollo mission with a secret program.
According to James Longuski, the complexity of the conspiracy theory scenarios make them impossible.
More than 400,000 people worked on the Apollo project for almost ten years, and 12 men who walked on the Moon returned to Earth to talk about their experiences.
Hundreds of thousands of people would have had to keep the secret.
Longuski says that it would have been a lot easier to actually land on the Moon than to create such a large conspiracy to fake it.
Their primary hosts are vertebrates; Leishmania commonly infects hyraxes, canids, rodents, and humans.
Leishmania currently affects 12 million people in 98 countries.
The English experience of witchcraft was somewhat different from the European one, with only one really mass witch hunt, that of Matthew Hopkins in East Anglia during 1645.
That one incident accounted for more than 20% of the number of witches it is estimated were executed in England between the early 15th and mid-18th century, fewer than 500.
The English legal system also differed significantly from the inquisitorial model used in Europe, requiring members of the public to accuse their neighbours of some crime, and for the case to be decided by a jury of their peers.
English witch trials of the period revolved around popular beliefs, according to which the crime of witchcraft was one of ...
evil-doing, for which evidence had to be provided.
Mary-Louise Parker (born August 2, 1964) is an American television and movie actress.
Holiday was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1915, a Roman Catholic.
She had a difficult childhood, which affected her life and career.
Not much is known about her early life, but there are stories about it in her autobiography, Lady Sings the Blues, which was published in 1956.
Later, it was found out that some parts of this book were wrong.
In 1944, Holiday went to work, still with Milt Gabler, at Decca Records.
She was 29 years old.
Her first songs for Decca were called Lover Man and No More.
Lover Man was a song written for her.
It is about a woman who has never known love, and it became one of her biggest hits.
Simone's mother, Mary Kate Waymon was a strict Methodist minister.
Her father, John Divine Waymon, was a handyman, and sometimes a barber, who was often ill.
Mrs.
Waymon worked as a maid and her employer, hearing of Simone's talent, gave them money for piano lessons.
After that, a local fund was made to help in carrying on her education.
When she was 17, Simone moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
William Count Basie (August 21, 1904 – April 26, 1984) was an American jazz pianist, organist, bandleader, and composer.
He was one of the most important jazz bandleaders of his time.
He led his popular Count Basie Orchestra for almost 50 years.
Many important musicians came to became popular and successful with his help, like tenor saxophonists Lester Young and Herschel Evans, trumpeters Buck Clayton and Harry Sweets Edison and singers Jimmy Rushing and Joe Williams.
Basie's famous songs were One O'Clock Jump and April In Paris.
Basie was very good at the piano, but he liked drums better.
There was another drummer in Red Bank who was better, called Sonny Greer, so Basie stopped playing drums and just played piano.
They played together until Greer started his professional career.
Basie played with different groups for dances, resorts, and amateur shows, like Harry Richardson’s Kings of Syncopation.
When he was not playing a gig, he spent time at the local pool hall with other musicians.
He got some jobs in Asbury Park, playing at the Hong Kong Inn, until a better player took his place.
According to the DVD commentary, Sorkin intended to center the show on Sam Seaborn and the other senior staff with the president in an unseen or a secondary role.
However, Bartlet's screen time gradually increased, and his role expanded as the series progressed.
Positive critical and public reaction to Sheen's performance raised his character's profile, decreasing Lowe's perceived significance.
In addition, according to Sorkin, the storylines began to focus less on Sam and more on Josh Lyman, the deputy chief of staff.
This shift is one of the reasons for Lowe's eventual departure from the show in the fourth season.
Bartlet's first campaign for president is never significantly explored in the series.
Bartlet won the election with 48% of the popular vote, 48 million votes, and a 303–235 margin in the Electoral College.
Bartlet faced three debates with his Republican opponent, who is assumed to be Lewis D.
Eisenhower, the Vice President under Owen Lassiter and an immediate relative to former President Dwight D.
Eisenhower.
It is mentioned that Bartlet won the third and final debate, which was held eight days before election day in St.
Louis, Missouri, and that this helped swing a close election in his favor.
Josh Lyman said in the days prior to the election Bartlet was punching brick walls as the result seemed too close to call, before the result broke his way.
Leo McGarry said the same thing in Bartlet for America when he said It was eight days to go, and we were too close to call.
Santos organizes his administration, choosing Josh Lyman as Chief of Staff, who in turn calls on former colleague Sam Seaborn to be Deputy Chief of Staff.
In need of experienced cabinet members, Santos taps Arnold Vinick as Secretary of State, believing the senior statesman to be one of the best strategists available and respected by foreign leaders.
The impactor, sometimes named Theia, is thought to have been a little smaller than the current planet Mars.
Theia finally collided with Earth about 4.533 Ga.
An English recording of the song, based on the first, seventh and eighth stanzas, was popular among Norwegian Americans sometime in the 1900s.
Waltzing Matilda is one of Australia's best known songs.
The bush ballad, a country folk song, has been called the unofficial national anthem of Australia.
Westbrook is a city in the U.S.
state of Maine.
This is a list of all the names set aside for use in the 1965 Atlantic hurricane season.
The names not used are in .
Kim has played in over 100 international matches.
Fujian is separated from Taiwan by the 180km wide Taiwan Strait.
Some of the small islands in the strait are also part of the province.
The Boxman - is the one who’s in charge of the Craps table.
He’s not only watching over the chips but also taking care of any issues that may arise during a game.
Usually, he’s wearing a suit and tie, and his place is in the center of the table at one side, near the chips.
Michael Baur (born 16 April 1969) is a former Austrian football player He played mainly for FC Wacker Innsbruck as defender He has also played for Austria national team.
The Girl Scouts of the USA is a not-for-profit organization that is a branch of the Scouting movement, similar to the Boy Scouts of America, except it is for girls.
It was founded in 1912 by Juliette Gordon Low and first was called the Girl Guides of America, after the Girl Guides in the United Kingdom.
Girl Scouts do many activities, which they often earn patches or merit badges for.
They are best known for selling Girl Scout cookies every year to raise money.
Queen Elizabeth School (QES) is a famous co-educational secondary school in Hong Kong.
It is in Sai Yee Street, Mongkok, Hong Kong.
It is 55 years old.
There are over 1200 students and 50 teachers.
Every year, thousands of primary school students apply for a place to study there.
On average, about 1000 interviewees fight for one place.
Nagua is a Dominican city and the head municipality of the María Trinidad Sánchez province, on the northeast (Atlantic) coast of the country.
The Ordnance Survey National Grid is a system used to map Great Britain.
It is different from using latitude and longitude.
The Ordnance Survey (OS) created the system.
It is used a lot in their survey data.
It is also used in maps based on those surveys.
The roots of the team started December 10 2007, on the Raw 15th anniversary, when Cody Rhodes and Hardcore Holly defeated Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch for the World Tag Team Championship.
Ivica Vastić (born 29 September 1969) is a former Austrian football player.
He has played for Austria national team.
Intercropping also helps to conserve soil.
When One crop is harvested and it starts raining the second crop grown in that farm will not let to erode the soil easily by water.
Hence the soil is conserved.
In the modern era, Lamarck is remembered mainly for a theory of the inheritance of acquired characters, called soft inheritance or Lamarckism.
His major work on this subject was Philosophie zoologique, Paris 1809.
Wallace wrote about 22 books, depending on how one counts them.
The carbohydrates move from their source (usually leaves) to the root and then to the fungal partner.
In return, the plant gains the use of the mycelium's very large surface area to absorb water and mineral nutrients from the soil, especially phosphorus.
Mycorrhizal roots offer excellent ecological niches for other microbes.
Mycorrhizal fungi may host bacteria that complete their life cycles within fungal cells.
One of the best known is Geosiphon pyriforme, which can host cyanobacteria inside characteristic bladders.
Tyeb Mehta.
F.C.
Bolzano 1996 was a football club which played in Italy.
Yaw Preko (born 8 September 1974) is a former Ghanaian football player.
He has played for Ghana national team.
In the winter of 2004, Preko went to Sweden and became a player of Halmstads BK.
That season he became the national vice-champion and played in attack with Markus Rosenberg.
In 2005, his partner was the Icelander Gunnar Heiðar Þorvaldsson.
In 2006, the Ghanaian left the club and joined the Saudi Al-Ittifaq from the city of Dammam, and in 2007 he was a player of the Vietnamese team Hoàng Anh Gia Lai, where he ended his career.
This list is the names for the Subtropical storms in 1973.
Names that did not get used are marked in .
Gwar first formed in 1984 in Richmond, Virginia.
The band was made up of Joey Slutman (Joey Byalwec) vocals, Oderus Humongous (Dave Brockie) lead guitar, Balsac The Jaws of Death (Steve Douglas) bass guitar and backing vocals, and Hans Spincter (Sean Summer) drums.
By the end of October, the monarchs that are east of the Rocky Mountains migrate to Mexico.
Many thousands from the Great Lakes region pass through Point Pelee National Park.
They migrate to the sanctuaries of the Mariposa Monarca Biosphere Reserve in the Mexican states of Michoacán and Mexico.
Most of the monarchs that are west of the Rocky Mountains do not travel all the way down to Mexico.
Instead, they overwinter (spend the winter) in many places in central and southern California.
A few months later, people from all over North America and Mexico began returning his labelled butterflies to him.
Mexico was the southernmost area from which he had received a butterfly, so he started traveling there to look for the Monarchs.
For many years, he traveled to Mexico.
There he climbed through jungles, walked through forests, and talked to the people he found.
He finally heard there was a place west of Mexico City where people had seen lots of monarchs all together.
After a long search, He finally found millions of monarch butterflies covering every part of the area.
Overwintering Monarchs in Mexico are often eaten by black-headed grosbeaks.
These birds are immune to the glycoside.
Other birds, such as orioles and jays, have learned to eat only the thoracic muscles and the body parts inside the abdomen.
These parts have less poison than the rest of the body.
Some mice are also immune to large amounts of the poison.
Over time, overwintering monarchs become less poisonous.
This makes them more likely to be eaten by predators.
In Mexico, about 14% of the overwintering Monarchs are eaten by birds and mice.
Vermont and West Virginia.
Stravinsky wanted his music to describe the releasing of lots of energy.
Most composers would have done this by using a lot of percussion instruments.
However, although two players are needed for the timpani, there are not many other percussion instruments.
Instead, the whole orchestra becomes a kind of percussion instrument.
Also, the music often sounds like Russian folkmusic.
Panasonic Toyota Racing was a Formula One team owned by the Japanese car maker Toyota and based in Cologne, Germany.
Toyota announced their plans to join F1 in 1999, and after a long time testing with their TF101 car, the team raced for the first time in 2002.
The new team has grown from Toyota's long standing European Toyota Motorsport organisation, which has previously competed in the World Rally Championship and the 24 hours of Le Mans.
Despite a point in their first ever race, Toyota F1 have not yet won a grand prix, their best finish so far being 2nd place in 2005, during which they achieved three podiums and a pole position, as well as finishing fourth in the world constructors' championship with 88 points.
Hackleton, Northamptonshire, England, is a large village that is neighboured by Piddington and Horton.
By 1924 three-cushion had become so popular that two very well know players in other billiard areas agreed to play each other in it at a challenge match.
On September 22, 1924 Willie Hoppe (last name rhymes with poppy), the world balkline champion and Ralph Greenleaf, the world pocket billiards (pool) title holder, played a well-advertised, multiple-day, 600-point match.
Hoppe was the eventual winner with a final score of 600–527.
The game's decline in the U.S.
came about in 1952 when Hoppe, then 51-time billiards champion, announced his retirement.
A tree hollow or tree hole is a cavity in a tree.
Such hollows naturally form in the branches or trunks of many kinds of trees.
They provide a habitat to animals, such as owls.
Brown recluse spiders are afraid of people, and usually if they see one they stand still.
If the person chases the brown recluse, it will most often run and hide.
Even though brown recluse spiders are scared of people, it is a bad idea to try to touch one, because their bite can be very dangerous.
Leszek Kołakowski - (October 23 1927 — July 17 2009) was a Polish philosopher, who worked mainly in the history of philosophy, history of political ideas and philosophy of religion, essayist, journalist and novelist.
He was born in Radom, south of Warsaw in 1927 and died in Oxford, England in 2009.
Kolakowski published more than 30 books during his 50-year writing career.
He was awarded the Order of the White Eagle, Poland’s highest honor, and the MacArthur Foundation fellowship.
The Manchukuo yuan would buy 24 grams of silver in 1932.
The price of silver changed and the yuan would not buy 24 grams of silver.
To show that the yuan had value it was made equal to Japanese money.
The Japanese money was called the yen.
In 1940 the Manchukuo yuan was being used to measure Manchukuo exports and imports to America, Germany and Japan.
in one spirit meet and mingle.
The early volumes were condemned by the Faculty of Theology at the Sorbonne.
Buffon published a retraction, but he continued publishing the offending volumes without any change.
He was not an evolutionist, yet he was the father of evolutionism.
He was the first person to discuss a large number of evolutionary problems, problems that before Buffon had not been raised by anybody...
he brought them to the attention of the scientific world.
He brought the idea of evolution into the realm of science.
He developed a concept of the unity of type, a precursor of comparative anatomy.
More than anyone else, he was responsible for the acceptance of a long-time scale for the history of the earth.
He was the founder of biogeography.
The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a passageway.
It transports sperm cells from the pollen grain, from the stigma (in flowering plants) to the ovules at the base of the pistil.
Like ferns, other basal land plants, and many algae, some gymnosperms have flagellate sperm, which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells.
In 1999, he began singing.
Two years later, he created his first album named El Faraón del Ritmo.
It became very famous, and many radio stations broadcasted Delfín’s songs.
On February 15, 2007, Delfín performed for the first time in Guayaquil.
During the concert, as usual, he was wearing white clothing with his name printed on it.
The most awaited song was his controversial Torres Gemelas, whose video has gained popularity via the Internet.
Krumbach (Elevation 512 m (1680 ft)) is in the valley of the little river Kammel in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau .
The hills between the valleys of Kammel and the neighboring valleys of Günz and Mindel are covered with wood in parts.
Swan Lake is a romantic ballet in four acts.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky wrote the music.
In 1871 he wrote a little ballet about swans for his nieces and nephews.
He used some of the music from this ballet for Swan Lake.
The story of the ballet is based on a German fairy tale.
This tale was probably tweaked by Tchaikovsky and his friends during the ballet's early discussion stages.
Swan Lake was first performed on 4 March 1877 at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow.
Julius Reisinger designed the dances.
Pauline Karpakova danced Odette.
She put some numbers she liked from other ballets into Swan Lake.
The ballet was a failure.
In 1883 the Bolshoi dropped the ballet from its repertory.
At that time, the sets were falling apart.
It was not until 1901 that Alexander Gorsky staged a new production of Swan Lake for the Bolshoi.
Tchaikovsky's brother Modest changed the ballet's story a little for the revision.
He gave the ballet a happy ending.
The new Swan Lake was presented on 27 January 1895 at the Mariinsky.
Pierina Legnani danced both Odette and Odile.
The ballet was a great success.
This version of the ballet is the one generally seen today.
Swan Lake is famous for the 32 fouettés en tournant in Act 3.
These fouettés are danced at the end of the Black Swan pas de deux by the ballerina playing Odile.
The pas was an afterthought of Tchaikovsky's.
It was not included in the original production.
It consists of the opening adagio followed by a variation for the male dancer.
This is followed by a variation for the ballerina.
The whole concludes with a brisk movement for both dancers that includes the fouettés.
Pierina Legnani first danced the fouettés in the Mariinsky production of 1895.
Ballet-goers were uncertain about the 32 fouettés.
Some thought they were just a stunt.
Others found them exciting.
These ballet-goers went to every performance to count the number of turns.
In the south: the Southern Alpine Foreland (D66 on the map); The terminal moraines of the Würm glaciation are roughly the border between the two natural regions.
In Africa, the Australopithecines and early Homo represent two distinctive evolutionary paths sharing a common ancestor.
In Georgia the specimens, with a brain half the size of anatomically modern humans, were the smallest found until the discovery of Homo floresiensis on the island of Flores in 2003.
There is a strong sexual dimorphism present, with males being significantly larger than females.
This is a primitive trait.
It is less obvious in more recent human species in Europe (i.e.
Homo antecessor, Homo heidelbergensis and Homo neanderthalensis).
Andreas Andi Herzog (born 10 September 1968) is a former Austrian football player.
He has played for Austria national team.
With 103 international matches Andreas Herzog is record holder in Austria.
He played his first match on April 6th, 1988 against Greece(2:2).
With the team he played in the FIFA World Cup 1990 in Italy and 1998 in France.
He played his last match on April 30th, 2003 in Glasgow against Scotland.
...
we will finish publishing all 16 volumes within five or six years...
The letter Aleph contains the largest number of articles.
The longest article is Land of Israel which takes all of volume 6.
Bronya Kutzenok was born in what is now the Ukraine in a small village called Starovitzky.
Her family were Hasidic Jews.
She changed her surname when she married a man called Meir.
They changed their surname again in Israel to Peli.
In the Ukraine she started a school that had 400 children in one year.
Bronya and Meir left the Ukraine in 1921 and went to Tel Aviv in Mandatory Palestine.
Later, it was announced that the group's first mini-album, Gee, would be released in January 2009.
The group began to promote the album in January 2009 on MBC Show!Music Core.
They sang their new single, Gee, and Him Nae/Way To Go, another track from the Gee mini-album.
This song is a remake of the song Haptic Motion that was used in cellphone advertisements and is a mix of bubblegum pop and punk rock.
However, the group did not appear on KBS's Music Bank with Gee, even after winning #1 on the music chart show.
Gee is the record holder for the longest-running #1 on music portal M.net (for 8 weeks), surpassing the previous record of 6 weeks set by the Wonder Girls' Nobody.
IF Elfsborg is an association football club in the town of Borås in Sweden, established on 26 June 1904.
IF Elfsborg won the Swedish national championship six times: in 1936, 1939, 1940, 1961., 2006 and 2012.
The club, which was founded in 1891, started it's association football section in 1899.
The team plays in darkblue and lightblue stripes.
Since 1936 Stockholms Stadion has been the home stadium, but they have big plans to build a new arena with around 18000 seats.
The current captain is Pa Dembo Touray and the deputy captain is Mattias Jonson.
USC employed 3,127 full-time faculty, 1,363 part-time faculty, and about 8,200 staff members in 2007.
The university has a very high level of research activity, and it got $484.6 million in sponsored research in 2007.
The Integrated Media Systems Center and the Center for Biomimetic Microelectronic Systems are at USC.
For some, it is synonymous with the Singapore Turf Club, where members and paying visitors flock on race days.
This course is closed to the public, unlike the former course (now Farrer Park) where the general public enjoyed watching the king's sport for free.
The Vikings were Scandinavian people from Northern Europe who were known as great seamen and warriors.
From the 8th to the 11th centuries they travelled to Europe in their long ships, attacking and then settling in areas that are now modern Great Britain, Germany, France, Spain, and Italy.
Three different groups of Vikings can be identified.
They took three different, sometimes overlapping, routes.
The youngest boy describes both his family and their life together through verse.
Various scenes include how the family prepare corn on the cob, his other brothers accident, the family reunion, his seldom seen cousin and his uncle's funeral.
A Writing Kind of Day: Poems for Young Poets is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, with drawings by April Ward.
It was first published in 2005.
In 2004 Comfortably Numb was released as a single.
It reached number 14 in the UK Singles Chart.
Take Your Mama was then released as a single.
It reached number 17 in the UK Singles Chart.
Pork belly sam gyeob sal, sam gyeob sal which translates to three layers of flesh.
It’s more well known than bacon in Korea.
Marinated beef bulgogi, Another classic dish, bulgogi, or fire meat, is sweet and chewy.
Galbi is Korean BBQ Short Ribs, takes grilled short ribs and cut different than all others and a sweet and salty marinade.
NJPW is the largest wrestling promoter in Japan.
NJPW has working agreements with other promoters, including: World Wrestling Entertainment, World Championship Wrestling, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, and PRIDE Fighting Championships.
The electric energy is absorbed by electron in the ground state and is excited to the higher state of energy called the excited state.The excited state is not the stable state and the electron jumps back to the ground state and emits the photon related to the bandgap of the material.
Since Keith was close to land, the block caused Keith to weaken a lot.
On October 2 as a weak hurricane, Keith made landfall in Ambergris Caye, Belize.
The next day, Keith made another landfall in Belize, this time in Belize City as a very strong tropical storm.
Sharma retired from the Air force as Wing Commander.
He spent eight days in Salyut 7 Space station in April 1984.
He was given the Hero of Soviet Union by the Soviet Government and the Ashok Chakra by the Indian Government.
Kjell Arne Bratli (born August 25, 1948) is the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Norwegian Armed Forces.
Navy Captain and author.
He is a graduate from the Royal Norwegian Naval Academy.
Served at sea, land and in special service.
He travelled as a military reporter behind Soviet lines in Afghanistan in the early 1980s and followed mujahideen groups in battle.
Captain Bratli has been an active member of the Norwegian Reserve Officer Federation as well as in the CIOR (the NATO reservist organization).
He played a vital role in building Rapid Response Information Teams in the NATO Alliance and NATO APIC (Allied Press and Information Centres), as well as modernizing the Norwegian Navy P&I units.
Thomas Raber (born 20 November 1972 in Steyr) is composer and producer and lives in Austria.
In the 1990s Raber played piano, keyboards, guitar, bass, vocals in many bands.
He wrote many songs for this bands.
As teacher he wrote the musical Das kleine bunte Tierchen for Kids (Story from Mira Lobe).
With his pop-mass Wienerfelder Messe (Vienna-Pop-Mass) he toured through the churches of Austria.
Since then Thomas Raber was known.
Now Raber is working as composer and producer in Vienna.
2008 he made the Pop-Hymn of Linz (European capital of culture 2009) for the singer Yvonne Finsterle.
Mary Hardin-Baylor College and Milwaukee School of Engineering.
In the 6th century, Justinian compiled the Corpus Juris Civilis, a simplified code of Roman laws.
It was used by the Byzantine Empire.
The medieval Church based much of its Canon law on Roman law.
In the event of a tie in points in the standings at the end of the season, ties are broken using the following tiebreaking procedures.
The English term wavelet was introduced in the early 1980s by French physicists Jean Morlet and Alex Grossman.
They used the French word ondelette (which means small wave).
The Mahicans (also Mohicans) are a Native American tribe.
They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands.
They spoke an Algonquian language.
They originally settled around the Hudson River.
There was conflict with the Mohawk during the Beaver Wars.
As a result, many Mahicans moved to Massachusetts after 1680.
They settled with tribes of the Lenape.
Mahicans moved later to New York and joined the Oneida for several decades.
The remaining descendants moved to northeastern Wisconsin during the 1820s and 1830s.
Straight pool is well known in the United States, Europe, Japan and the Philippines, but the game has become more elsewhere.
Probably the all-time greatest player (by professional statistics), Willie Mosconi, held the record high run, of 526 balls, which stood for 65 years until beaten by John Schmidt, who scored 626 points in a 2019 attempt to break Mosconi's record.
Southampton Common is a large open space.
It is to the north of the city centre of Southampton, England.
The red-bellied black snake is a dangerous snake species found in Australia.
It is a red bellied snake, and black on top, hence the name.
It lives mainly on the east coast of Australia, close to a source of water.
They can grow up to 1.5 metres in length.
This snake usually gives birth to about 20 live snakes at one time.
!Res.
Carrow Road is a British football stadium in Norwich, England.
It is the home of .
The stadium is in the centre of the city, near to Norwich railway station and the River Wensum.
Norwich City F.C.
played at Newmarket Road from 1902 to 1908.
The record attendance at this time was 10,366 in a match against Sheffield Wednesday in a second round FA Cup match in 1908.
After a disagreement over the rent of the Newmarket Road ground, Norwich City moved to a new home in 1908 - a converted disused chalk pit in Rosary Road which became known as The Nest.
Grandchildren and great-grandchildren of Jelckama are known.
Author Wopke Eekhoff described Jelckama as being as sturdy as his giant uncle, who was himself reportedly at least 7 feet tall and once lifted a 1000-pound horse above his head.
FC Energie Cottbus is a German football club from Cottbus.
They are also known as ´´Energie`` or ´´Die Lausitzer``.
Thery have been switching between the Bundesliga and the 2.
Bundesliga (second division) several times.
Currently, they play in the 2nd division as they got relegated by 1.FC Nuremberg.
Smallville is a Superman prequel television show about a teenaged version of the comic book character Clark Kent.
He later becomes Superman and has to stop his enemy Lex Luthor.
This show is produced by Tollin/Robbins Productions, Millar Gough Ink, DC Comics and Warner Bros.
Television Studios.
It first premiered on October 16, 2001, which aired on The WB.
Misanthropy is the general distrust or hatred of humanity.
A person who feels that way is called a misanthropist.
A woodcut is a way of printing.
An image is cut into a block of wood.
The printing part remains level with the surface.
The non-printing parts are removed, often with a tool called a gouge.
The areas that are 'white' are cut away with a knife or chisel.
Therefore the wood still at the original surface level are black in the final print.
The tropical depression into Tropical Storm Tip, but it did not organize significantly due to Tropical Storm Roger being so close.
After moving slowly for many days, Tip began a steady northwest path on October 8.
By that time, Tropical Storm Roger had become an extratropical cyclone.
At first, the storm was expected to continue moving northwestward and hit Guam.
However, early on October 9, it turned to the west, passing about 45 km (28 mi) south of the island.
Later that day, Tip reached typhoon strength.
Organized by the embassies of the CPLP countries accredited in Angola, the cycle includes the display of five films of Portugal, Brazil, Cabo Verde, Mozambique and Angola second source of Embassy of Mozambique in Luanda, contacted by AIM in Lisbon.
She has appeared in other media adaptations of Superman, typically as a teenager.
These portrayals include the Adventures of Superboy television series in which Stacy Haiduk played her, and the WB/CW television series Smallville played by Kristin Kreuk.
In Superman: The Movie, Lana was played by Diane Sherry.
In the 1983 movie Superman III, she was played by Annette O'Toole, who would later portray Martha Kent on Smallville.
Emmanuelle Chriqui portrays the character in the television series Superman & Lois.
Along with the usual Mario series items, as well as the Mini Mushroom from New Super Mario Bros., new items have been added, including: the Propeller Mushroom, which allows players to fly; the Ice Flower, which allows players to freeze enemies with snowballs; and the Penguin Suit which, on top of the Ice Flower's ability, allows players to slide along the ground and across water as well as have better control on ice and in water.
Players are also able to ride on Yoshis, who appear in certain levels and can swallow enemies and flutter in the air.
In diagnosing glandular fever, your GP will ask you about your symptoms before carrying out a physical examination.
They will look for the characteristic signs of glandular fever, such as swollen lymph nodes, tonsils, liver and spleen.
Occasionally if the physical examination does not clearly show evidence of glandular fever, blood tests can sometimes be done in order to get a diagnosis.
The animals of New Zealand have an unusual history.
The main thing to know is that the islands were part of Gondwana, from which they separated 84 million years (mya) ago.
New Zealand has some animals and plants which survive from that time, and birds which flew there much later.
The islands are well known for their terrestrial birds, some of which were large species (the moas).
For millions of years the islands did not have any native mammalian carnivores, and the moas' only predators were other birds, such as the giant Haast's eagle.
Images of Britannia show her sitting or lying down with a spear and shield.
This image was first used on Roman coins in the 2nd century AD.
After the Romans, the image of Britannia was first used again for coins of the pound sterling made for Charles II of England, Scotland, and Ireland.
These were the first to show Britannia with a Union Flag on her shield.
After many victories of Britain's Royal Navy, coins with Britannia show Neptune's trident from 1797.
Her image wears a helmet on coins after 1825.
Switches allow you to connect dozens of devices.
Switches keep traffic between two devices from getting in the way of your other devices on the same network.
Switches allow you to control who has access to various parts of the network.
Switches allow you to monitor usage.
Switches allow communication (within your network) that's even faster than the Internet.
Wiener S.C.
(Wiener Sport-Club also WSC) is a football club which plays in Austria.
Wiener A.C.
was a football club which played in Austria.
It was founded in 1897.
The football section of the club has a great past, but today the club only plays football outside the league system.
Altogether the club played 38 seasons in Austrias first football league.
Watan hamara Kashmir is the official state anthem of Azad Kashmir.
It was written in the mid-1960s by Abu-Al-Asar Hafeez Jullundhri.
Admira Wacker Mödling formed from a merger of two football clubs: Admira Wacker Wien and VfB Mödling in 1997.
There are more than 200 other conditions which may cause dwarfism.
In 1841 the census said there were about 259 people living in Williamstown.
It is believed that there were many more.
There were three hotels in Williamstown by 1841 and most of the men worked at the port.
Being a busy port, there were numerous lodging houses and a constantly changing population.
The years 1842 and 1843 there was an economic recession and Williamstown's population went down.
James William Moore was born on September 14, 1910 on a farm in Troup County, Georgia, just outside the City of Hogansville.
He was the son of a Georgia blacksmith, sheriff and streetcar conductor.
He began working at a young age to supplement his family's income.
He worked at many jobs including as a cotton picker earning 35 cents per 100 pound, managing a fruit stand, and delivering newspapers.
His family moved to Detroit when he was 13.
There, he found other ways of making money.
Moore ran card games and pursued other games of chance.
He even pitched pennies.
He was very good at gambling games and was a naturally gifted athlete.
He was a Triple-A level baseball player in the minor leagues.
He once bowled a perfect game, and was a good golfer.
Genetic screening in a broader sense includes biochemical tests for the possible presence of genetic diseases, or mutant forms of genes associated with increased risk of developing genetic disorders.
The Chapel follows the religion of the Church of England.
The College has a very good choir.
During the Haitian Revolution, there was a battle on 18 November 1803 in Vertières, near Cap-Haïtien.
In this battle, the army of Jean-Jacques Dessalines defeated a French colonial army led by the Comte de Rochambeau, leading to the independence of Haiti on 1 January 1804.
Major Mitchell camped on the banks of the Seven Creeks at Euroa during his 1836 expedition from Sydney.
Alemannia Aachen used to play at the Old Tivoli stadium which had a capacity of 21,632 spectators (3,632 seats).
It was built in 1908 and was renovated several times.
The club played its 2004 UEFA Cup matches, however, in Cologne's RheinEnergieStadion.
Miguel Magno (28 March 1951 – 17 August 2009) was a Brazilian actor, director and author.
Was known for playing female roles.
Magno came to the role of 11 different women characters in the play Quem tem medo de Itália Fausta (Who's Afraid of Itália Fausta)?.
United Center (nicknamed The Madhouse on Madison II,The UC and The House That Jordan Built) is a sports arena located in Chicago, Illinois.
The arena opened in 1994, and right now the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association (NBA) play there.
There is a statue of Michael Jordan on the east side of the arena.
Arminius was born at Oudewater, Utrecht.
His father Herman died when Arminius was a baby, leaving his wife (and Jacob's mother) as a single mother with small children.
His work with sea urchins showed that it was necessary to have all chromosomes present in order for proper development of the embryo to take place.
This discovery was an important part of the Boveri-Sutton chromosome theory.
His other significant discovery was the centrosome (1888), which he described as the especial organ of cell division.
Boveri also discovered the phenomenon of chromatin diminution during embryonic development of the nematode Parascaris.
The Dordrecht Confession of Faith is a statement of faith that was created by Dutch Mennonite leaders at a meeting (also known as a Synod) in Dordrecht, Netherlands, on April 21, 1632.
It has 18 articles of faith that talk about the importance of salvation through Jesus Christ, baptism, nonviolence, feet washing, and not taking oaths.
Hansa Rostock is a football club from Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The club plays in German 2.
Bundesliga.
After the reunification of Germany Hansa played together with Dynamo Dresden in the German Bundesliga.
They were relegated but came back.
Their best result in the Bundesliga was 2 times a 6th place.
The best years of the club were between 1990 and 1997.
In these years, the club reached the championship three times, played in the UEFA Champions League and played in the 1994 UEFA Cup final versus Inter Milan.
They won their first Austrian Bundesliga title the same year, and the next year too.
Their first Champions League in 1994 saw them reach the group stage, however, they were eliminated after finishing in third place out of four.
In 2005 the Red Bull Company bought the club because the owners were having problems with money.
Some traditional fans left the club and started a new club under the old name SV Austria Salzburg.
Ever since 2005, the club has been named FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In the Championsleague group stage 2022-23 they played versus Chelsea, AC Milan and Dinamo Zagreb.
They reached the 3rd place and played in the Europa Leage play off versus the later finalist AS Roma (1-0, 0-2).
In the league they reached the 10th championtitel in a row.
So they were qualified again for the UEFA Champions League.
In the Cup they lost in the quarterfinals versus SK Sturm Graz.
This team was also a hard opponent in the league.
S.K.
Sturm Graz is a football club which plays in Austria.
It was founded in 1909 and the colors are black and white.
Therefore they are nicknamed the Blackies.
L.A.S.K.
Linz is a football club which plays in Linz, the capital of Upper Austria.
They are playing in the First League, the second division in Austrias league system.
Grazer AK (or GAK) is a football club which plays in Austria.
it was founded in 1902.
Stern accepted an appointment at the University of Berlin after his fellowship ended.
In 1931, he was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in Drosophila melanogaster, only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so with maize.
After the rediscovery of Mendelian inheritance in 1900, Morgan switched his research to the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster.
In 1904, E.B.
Wilson invited Morgan to join him at Columbia University.
This move freed Morgan to focus fully on experimental work.
Norwood recently starred in his own VH1 reality dating show, For the Love of Ray J.
In 2019, it was announced that McPartlin will be returning to the show alongside Donnelly replacing Willoughby.
The important pagodas are the pagodas of King Rama I, King Rama II and King Rama IV.
This temple was rebuilt from the old Wat Photaram from the Ayudhaya period by King Rama I in 1788.
It took seven years and five months and 18 days to finish.
King Rama I changed the name from “Photaram to “Phracheatupon Vimonmungkrawat.
King Rama III (1824—1851) did a lot of repairs to the building.
King Rama IV renamed this temple Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram.
Wat Phracheatupon Vimonmungkraram is a popular place for tourists.
October 2012 saw the launch of Buddha-Bar London and Parisians, Tarja Visan has brought her expertise across the channel and into the heart of Knightsbridge.
The Strand passes Aldwych, and joins directly with Fleet Street at Temple Bar.
The street is just over three-quarters of a mile long.
It includes many commercial premises, two theatres, and hotels.
The most notable hotel is the Savoy Hotel, one of the grand London hotels.
Epigenetic factors may last into adulthood.
Bulgakov did not like the way Soviet system prevented his works being published.
He wrote a letter to the Soviet government asking permission to leave the country.
He even spoke directly to Stalin on the telephone, asking to be allowed to leave the USSR.
Stalin's reply implied that if Bulgakov attempted to leave, he would be killed.
He then accepted a position as Professor of Genetics and moved to University College London where he spent most of his academic career.
Four years later he became the first Weldon Professor of Biometry at University College London.
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is a children's television series on Disney Junior and Disney Channel.
It was produced by Disney Television Animation.
It showed Mickey Mouse and his playmates in their journeys in different places as they learned on the way.
The Spanish tried to get those people out of the island and they invaded the island several times but each time they went back to the Hispaniola and the Tortuga Island was taken again.
Spider monkeys eat fruit, nuts, leaves, and small eggs.
In the USA the movie made $140.7 million on its opening weekend.
In Australia, the movie set the record for the most money on an opening weekend with AU$16.01 million, or more than one million tickets.
It's a very diplomatic figure, and it's not like a head of state: the President does not have any power to make decisions about the European Union.
The Union has several other presidents, such as the president of the European Parliament and the president of the European Commission.
The Tudor period usually refers to the period between 1485 and 1603, specifically in relation to the history of England.
This was the period when the Tudor dynasty ruled in England.
Its first monarch was Henry VII (1457– 1509).
The term is often used more broadly to include Elizabeth I's reign (1558– 1603), although this is often treated separately as the Elizabethan era.
Beginning in 1549, this was to be the largest popular uprising during the Tudor period.
It was at first intended as a demonstration against enclosures of common land.
The leader, Robert Kett, was hanged for treason.
Turner Field is a baseball ballpark in Atlanta, Georgia, home to the Atlanta Braves.
The park first opened in 1996 to host the Summer Olympics in Atlanta, when it was known as Centennial Olympic Stadium.
After the Olympics and Paralympics, the park was changed to allow baseball to be played, and opened for the 1997 Braves season.
The stadium replaces Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, which was built in 1966.
On November 11, 2013, it was announced that the Braves would leave Turner Field for a new stadium in Cobb County.
The lease which allowed the Braves to play in Turner Field was set to end in 2016, and the team stated that many fans had problems getting to the stadium on game days.
At the new stadium's groundbreaking on September 16, 2014, that venue's name was revealed as SunTrust Park.
In Lake Victoria, an isolated lake which formed recently in the African rift valley, over 300 species of cichlid fish radiated from one parent species in just 15,000 years.
A carousel is set up a little above the ground.
The platform rotates under motor power in the middle and can move up and down.
The number of seats resembling horses or other animals varies depending on the carousel but there are usually between 16 and 60.
The horses on the platform are connected to a pole attached to both the floor and the ceiling of the ride.
The velocity of a carousel’s rotation is about 5 rounds a minute.
An average ride length is 2 to 3 minutes.
The Kinect was named the Fastest selling consumer electronics device by the Guinness World Records, selling an average of 133,333 kinects per day with a total of 8 million units in its first 60 days.
Jas 1:19-27: The Word in which we were given birth by God must be heard: any obstacles must be removed so to put it into practice.
John wrote the letter so that the joy of his readers would be full (Chapter 1, verse 4).
General Epistles or “Epistles General (called ‘’Catholic Epistles by Catholics) are books in the New Testament in the form of letters.
The letters attributed to Paul are not included.
Paul's letters are named for the church or person addressed.
The General Epistles are named for their author instead of the church or person to whom they were written.
Most of the General Epistles are written to all Christians.
The second Epistle of John was written to an unnamed “elect lady and her children (vs.1)(the word “elect is a reference to Tribulation Jews, Matt.
24:21-22) the Third Epistle of John was written to his friend and elder Gaius.
This are the names that were set aside for the 2009 Pacific hurricane season.
Names that did not get used are marked in .
The Wanderers were in trouble from the start of the season.
They won their first home game, but only had 700 people watch.
The Wanderers then lost the next three games and owner Lichtenhein threatened to withdraw from the league unless he could get some other players.
Although they could have acquired Joe Malone, who led the NHL in scoring, in the draft, they turned to the PCHA and signed goaltender Hap Holmes.
They were also allowed to sign players like Frank Foyston, Jack Walker and others if they could get the players to agree.
The Wanderers loaned Holmes to the Seattle Metropolitans of the PCHA, but he eventually came back to the NHL when Seattle loaned him to Toronto.
On August 30, an area of Disturbed weather that moved off from Africa gained enough strength to be named as Tropical Storm Fiona, skipping the status of being a tropical depression.
Fiona struggled to strengthen further, as it was close to the much more powerful Hurricane Earl.
Fiona died just south of Bermuda, but dropped an inch of rain on the island.
On October 29, an area of bad weather north of Guyana became Tropical Storm Tomas.
The storm went west and became a hurricane while over the Windward Islands on October 30 before going into the Caribbean Sea.
Hurricane Tomas weakened into Tropical Storm Tomas on October 31.
On November 3, it weakened into Tropical Depression Tomas.
Tomas turned into a tropical storm later on November 3 and a hurricane again on November 5.
The hurricane went north between Cuba and Haiti and then hit the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands before going into the Atlantic Ocean.
Tomas died in the Atlantic Ocean on November 7.
In conclict with Artabanus IV, who ordered his vassal, the ruler of Khuzestan, to confront Ardashir.
It was Ardashir who emerged victorious in that battle.
The jute plant is easily grown in tropical countries like Bangladesh and India.
India is the largest producer of jute in the world.
Jute is less expensive than cotton, but cotton is better for quality clothes.
Jute is used to make various products: packaging materials, jute bags, socks, expensive carpets, espadrilles, sweaters etc.
Healey was born in Mottingham, Kent, and moved with his family to Keighley in the West Riding of Yorkshire when he was five years old.
He was given the middle name Winston after Winston Churchill, who was an important politician at the time Denis was born.
The people who run the University are called the Board of Trustees.
Sometimes, they are simply called the Board.
They represent different sectors of the university.
These sectors are the alumni, the Silliman University Foundation Incorporated (SUFI), and the United Church of Christ in the Philippines (UCCP).
Each of these sectors are represented by five members.
All in all, the Board has fifteen members.
The Board can't work alone, and so they are assisted by many persons.
These persons are the University President, the Vice-President for Academic Affairs, Vice-President for Finance, the University Registrar, Treasurer and Auditor as well as the Manager for Human Resource (HRD).
Since these persons also have a lot of things to do and think about, they are also assisted by other people called Deans, Directors, Department Chairpersons, Coordinators and Unit Heads of the different colleges, schools, institutes, units, research centers, programs and extension projects of the University.
As of January, 2011, the App Store had nearly 10 billion app downloads, which the company said using the 10 Billion App Countdown.
At 10:26 am (GMT) on January 22, 2011, the 10 billionth app was downloaded from Apple App Store.
As of July that year, 200 million users downloaded over 15 billion apps from the store.
The Vatican Curia placed the book on their list of banned books, the Index librorum prohibitorum, and said that Novak was an enemy of the Catholic Church.
Archbishop Aloysius Stepinac is portrayed in this book as an ardent Roman Catholic crusader who publicly endorsed the establishment of the Independent State of Croatia, acknowledged the Ustashe as Croatian patriots, defended her before the Roman Pope and was responsible for the racist attitude and behavior of his clergy.
The town is 14.5 km (9 miles) north of Coventry, 32 km (20 miles) east of Birmingham and 166 km (103 miles) northwest of London.
The River Anker runs through the town.
Was born in Cidade Ademar, vila imperio, a district on the outskirts of São Paulo.
Before becoming known for her participation in the group É o Tchan!, Sheila graduated in both classical ballet and in modern ballet.
They both appealed their sentences.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic drama movie set in New York.
It was released on March 19, 2004.
It was directed by Michel Gondry, a well-known French director of Human Nature, and the story of the movie was written by Charlie Kaufman of Being John Malkovich and Adaptation and Pierre Bismuth as well as Gondry.
Jim Carrey, famous for his acting in several comedy movies such as The Mask and Bruce Almighty, and Kate Winslet, a heroine of Titanic, starred in this movie as main characters both of whom are struggling to erase their memories of love.
The story of this movie is about memory erasure of a couple who once loved each other but now, suffer from the memories of their love.
Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) decides to erase his memory about his girlfriend, Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet), after he discovered that she had removed all of her memories about him.
He goes to see Dr.
Howard Mierzwiak (Tom Wilkinson) of Lacuna Inc., a firm that helps people erase their painful, heartbreaking memories with a special brain map processing, and asks the doctor to erase his memory.
However, while the memory erasure is ongoing, he faces with their earlier memories that are so passionate, sweet and precious that they should never be deleted.
Although Joel tries to wake up and stop getting rid of her from his mind, Dr.
Mierswiak and his employees keep going on the process.
Joel eventually gets to the last memory, disappearing with the last words of Clementine saying, “Meet me in Montauk.
Other than the story of main characters, the staff members of Lacuna Inc.
such as Mary (Kirsten Dunst), and Patrick (Elijah Wood) also have some related stories which will be a key for the ending of this movie.
His concert career has taken him worldwide across five continents – North America, Europe, Asia, South America and Africa.
In 1962, he replaced Stephen Boyd as Mark Anthony in the movie Cleopatra opposite Elizabeth Taylor.
Their off-screen romance made tabloid headlines around the world.
After divorcing their respective spouses, they married in 1964.
They then appeared in 11 movies together.
The two divorced in 1974.
They then reconciled and remarried in 1975.
They divorced again the following year.
Tracks marked as † were million selling discs.
There are several stories told by people who lived at that time, showing that Cherubini often became angry.
Hector Berlioz tells an amusing story in his autobiography about how Cherubini, in a bad temper, chased him round and round the library.
Lucas Oil Stadium is in Indianapolis, Indiana and is the home of the Indianapolis Colts, an NFL team.
Shows the station is wheelchair accessible.
Interac, American Express, MasterCard, Visa tell what method of payment of Metropass purchases only at Collection Booths.
Tickets and tokens are cash only.
Scientists found lots of organic chemicals in Hale-Bopp which they never saw before.
It was also the first comet that had the gas argon in it.
A person named Chuck Shramek saw a not very bright, Saturn-like thing following Hale-Bopp and called the Art Bell radio program and told them about it.
Lots of people thought a UFO was following behind the comet, even though many astronomers, including Alan Hale, tried to tell them it was just a star..
The taxonomy of the Nudibranchia is still under investigation.
Mammals are distinguished from reptiles by fundamental differences in the development of the blood system.
These differences are such that it would be almost impossible for mammals to be derived from reptiles.
These forests were on the equator, and the wetlands, which are always low-lying, stretched across the supercontinent of Laurussia.
This included what is now North America in the west, through what is now Europe to China in the east.
The river plain which was the heart of the wetland stretched 5000 km from eastern Canada to Ukraine, and was 700 km wide.
There is some skill in blackjack, because the odds change as the cards are dealt.
The critical information is the numbers of tens (including face cards) which have been dealt.
This is because they are the common cause of 'busting' the dealer hand and because they are needed for a blackjack.
Aces are also important because they are needed for a blackjack.
Keeping track of the cards is called 'card counting'.
It is legal if done without a device like a computer.
But, many casinos tell players to leave if they think are counting the cards.
Most of the rocks which survive are volcanic (igneous) and metamorphic in origin.
Volcanic activity was everywhere.
When the Archaean began, the Earth's heat flow was nearly three times higher than it is today.
It was still twice the current level when the Archaean ended, 2,500 mya.
This high level of heat flow may have made plate tectonics more vigorous than today.
The question of when plate tectonics began is a major research area.
The large supercontinent Vaalbara formed in the Archaean.
There were oceans already, before the Archaean.
The Neogene has two stages: Miocene, and Pliocene.
It is followed by the Quaternary.
Some geologists think that the Neogene cannot be clearly distinguished from the modern geological period, the Quaternary.
The event forms the boundary between the Permian and Triassic periods, at about 252 million years ago.
Because so much biodiversity was lost, the recovery of life on Earth took much longer than after other extinction events.
This event has been described as the mother of all mass extinctions.
The coins that are used now are 25 rupiah, 50 rupiah, 100 rupiah, 200 rupiah, 500 rupiah and 1000 rupiah.
Levy played in Hapoel Hapoel Beit Sha'an youth team from 1968 to 1974.
The Swedish Academy () was started in 1786 by the Swedish King Gustav III.
It was copied from the Académie française, the first Academy ever.
The Swedish Academy has 18 members.
The motto of the Academy is Talent and Taste (Snille och Smak in Swedish).
Since 1901 the Academy has decided who will win the Nobel Prize in Literature The prize is given in memory of Alfred Nobel.
Yoann Miguel Gourcuff (born 11 July 1986) is a French football player.
He plays for the France national team and Olympique Lyonnais in Ligue 1.
Gourcuff plays as a midfielder and sometimes as a striker.
The word elf is found throughout the Germanic languages and seems originally to have meant white being.
Reconstructing the early concept of an elf depends largely on texts, written by Christians, in Old and Middle English, medieval German, and Old Norse.
These associate elves variously with the gods of Norse mythology, with causing illness, with magic, and with beauty and seduction.
Adam Smith's book The Wealth of Nations (1776) was the beginning of classical economics.
Smith said that if everyone did what was best for themselves, the result would be best for society.
Before that, economics was about the king's personal interests, and the wealth of a nation was measured by the king's treasury.
Smith said what's important is what's best for the whole nation, and that wealth should be measured by the yearly income of the nation.
He wanted to discover how wealth can grow, and how people could do things to support that growth.
Smith's book said land, labor, and capital were the three factors of production and the main contributors to a nation's wealth.
This is the second epoch of the Quaternary and the seventh of the Cainozoic.
Alexandria is a city in Egypt.
Alexander The Great built many cities with his name while he had a whole empire.
Fourteen episode were shown, one every week.
The winner, Tina Wesson, was announced on May 3, 2001 where she won against Colby Donaldson by a vote of 4-3.
He became ill and died at the age of 26.
He was buried in the cloisters of Westminster Abbey.
Many Christians believe that, by the teaching of the Bible, Jesus was not only truly God but also truly human and that this was part of God's plan to bring humans closer to understanding him.
By tradition, the Gospels were written by four men, [[Saint Matthew|Matthew]], [[Saint Mark|Mark]], [[Saint Luke|Luke]] and [[John the Apostle|John]] who gave their names to these books.
Other scholars have said that leaders in the Early Christian Church made changes to the Gospel writings.
These changes are said to have happened at different times, in different ways and for different reasons.
For example, one story was left out of many old versions of the Gospels.
It is about Jesus rescuing a woman who had committed [[adultery]] (had sex outside marriage) and was about to be killed.
[[St.
Augustine of Hippo]], (354-430 AD) wrote that this was probably was left out because some church leaders thought the story might cause people to act in a sinful way.
This story is in all modern Bibles and is thought to contain very important teaching for Christians.
Other differences that can be found in versions of the Gospels are mostly small and do not make a difference to what is known about the life of Jesus and his teaching.
Matthew's Gospel was written next.
Matthew was one of Jesus' disciples.
He was a Jewish man that was hated by other Jews because he worked for the Roman rulers as a [[tax]] collector.
Matthew tells that one day Jesus saw him sitting at his desk in the [[market place]] and said Follow me.
It is believed by scholars of the Bible that John was a disciple of Jesus and was probably the youngest of the twelve men who were Jesus' main followers.
He lived to be an old man and, because of his teaching about Jesus, he was sent to a small island, called [[Patmos]].
The United States is the world's fourth largest nation by total area (land and water), ranking behind Russia, Canada, and China or behind Russia, Canada, and ahead of China.
The ranking varies depending on how two territories disputed by China and India are counted and how the total size of the United States is measured: calculations range from to to .
Measured by only land area, the United States is third in size behind Russia and China, just ahead of Canada.
Attitudes toward slavery were shifting; a protected the African slave trade only until 1808.
The Northern states permanently stopped slavery between 1780 and 1804, leaving the slave states of the South as defenders of the peculiar institution.
The Second Great Awakening, beginning about 1800, made evangelicalism a force behind different social reform movements, including abolitionism.
Tensions between slave and free states mounted with arguments over the relationship between the state and federal governments, as well as violent conflicts over the spread of slavery into new states.
Abraham Lincoln, a candidate of the most antislavery Republican Party, was elected president in 1860.
Before he took office, seven slave states declared their secession—which the federal government maintained was illegal—and formed the Confederate States of America.
With the Confederate attack upon Fort Sumter, the American Civil War began and four more slave states joined the Confederacy.
Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation committed the Union to end slavery.
Following the Union victory in 1865, three changes to the U.S.
Constitution secured freedom for the nearly four million African Americans who had been slaves, made them citizens, and gave them voting rights.
The war and its resolution led to a big increase in federal power.
After his election as president in 1932, Franklin D.
Roosevelt responded with the New Deal, a series of policies that increased government interference in the economy.
From 1920 to 1933 a prohibition banning alcohol was in place.
The Dust Bowl of the 1930s left many poor farmer communities and encouraged a new wave of emigration to the West Coast.
The United States is very influential in global economics, politics, and the military.
It is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council and the headquarters of the United Nations is in New York City.
It is a member of the G7, G20, and Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Almost all countries have embassies in Washington, D.C., and many have consulates around the country.
Likewise, nearly all nations host American diplomatic missions.
However, Iran, North Korea, Bhutan, and Taiwan do not have formal diplomatic relations with the United States.
The United States has a special relationship with the United Kingdom and strong ties with Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea, and Israel.
Around 38 million people live in Canada.
About 90% of the Canadian population live within of the border with the United States.
This is because of climate and trade with the US.
This means that over 60% of Canadians live south of Seattle, Washington.
The Muslim is called to prayer or solah three or five times a day.
This call to prayer is called Adhan.
The muezzin, a man chosen to make the call to prayer, uses a loudspeaker, which carries his voice to the people nearby.
The call to prayer is often done out loud, in public, in Muslim countries.
Being called to solah is a normal part of daily life for most people in Muslim countries.
For a very long time, most Jews in Europe believed the same basic things about Judaism.
Jews in other lands had different beliefs and customs than European Jews.
About 200 years ago, a small group of Jews in Germany decided to stop believing in many parts of Judaism and try to become more modern and more like Germans.
Those Jews were called Reform Jews.
Ararat has an Australian Rules Football team which plays in the Wimmera Football League.
The team first played in 1871, and was one of the first four teams to form the Wimmera Football Association in 1902.
Ararat Harness Racing Club has regular meetings at its race track in the town.
Scrap is very valuable.
Some scrap is stolen for its worth, like copper wires and pans.
This is a crime in some countries, and many investigations are focused on issues with legitimate metal trading.
Totaled cars are often also sold for the metal inside.
They are crushed, melted into smaller ingots and cylinders, then shipped to a manufacturer of metal goods that paid for that scrap metal.
For developed metals to become scrap metal, it needs to be unused and useless in the form it's in.
Only then do people shred and melt metal to be used for other things.
Verismo is a word which refers to a type of literature and a type of opera that was popular towards the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century.
The Italian word verismo means realism.
Germany has a long history of poets, thinkers, and artists.
There are 240 supported theaters, hundreds of orchestras, thousands of museums and over 25,000 libraries in Germany.
Millions of tourists visit these attractions every year.
Some of the greatest classical musicians including Johann Sebastian Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven and possibly Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart were German.
Some of the most revered scientists today like Albert Einstein are German.
Artists like Marc Engelhard are active in the 21st century.
Before this, there were a number of Christian countries in what is now called Spain.
Two of these countries, Castile and Aragon, came together when Ferdinand II of Aragon married the queen Isabella of Castile.
The King ruled as much as the Queen.
After the Kuomintang (KMT), the governing party of China, unified the country in the 1920s, the Chinese Civil War between it and the Communist Party of China began.
In 1931, Japan used the Mukden Incident as a excuse to take Manchuria and set up a puppet state, Manchukuo, and the League of Nations failed to do anything to stop it.
The Tanggu Truce, a ceasefire, was signed in 1933.
In 1936, the Kuomintang and the communists agreed to stop fighting against each other and to fight Japan instead.
In 1937, Japan started the Second Sino-Japanese War to take the rest of China.
By November 1941, the British counterattacked the Axis in North Africa and got all the land back that it had lost.
However, the Axis pushed the Allies back again until it was stopped at El Alamein.
Japan then began its plan to take over Papua New Guinea again, and the United States planned to attack the Solomon Islands.
The fight at Guadalcanal began in September 1942 and involved many troops and ships from both sides.
It ended with a Japanese defeat in early 1943.
On the Eastern Front, the Axis defeated Soviet attacks during summer and began its own main offensive to southern Russia along Don and Volga Rivers in June 1942 to try to take over oil fields in Caucasus, which were critical to the Axis for fuelling their war effort, and as well as a great steppe.
Stalingrad (now Volgograd) was in the path of the Axis army, and the Soviets decided to defend the city.
By November, the Germans had nearly taken Stalingrad, but the Soviets surrounded the Germans in the winter After heavy losses, the German army was forced to surrender the city in February 1943.
Even though the front was pushed back farther than it was before the summer attacks, the German Army still had become dangerous to an area around Kursk.
Hitler devoted almost two-thirds of his armies to The Battle of Stalingrad, which was the largest and deadliest battle at the time.
German forces in Italy surrendered on April 29, 1945.
Germany surrendered to the Western Allies on May 7, 1945, known as V-E Day, and was forced to surrender to the Soviets on May 8, 1945.
The final battle in Europe ended in Italy, on May 11, 1945.
Most authorities now agree that of the 30 million Soviets who bore arms, there were 13.6 million military deaths.
Unless marked otherwise, teams played in the NHL exclusively at the time they competed for the Stanley Cup.
A bolded year denotes a Stanley Cup win.
It is possible that he was thinking that Ivan was Lizaveta's son - perhaps he even confused Ivan with Smerdyakov himself.
An extremely proud, beautiful, and sensitive young woman who is Dmitry’s fiancée.
She has a pale oval face, black eyes, and is very tall – even taller than Grushenka.
She tries to pretend to be a martyr and by being very loyal and suffering a lot, wants everybody to see the evil of the people around her.
She loves Ivan, but does not admit it, even to herself, until the end of the novel.
The kind, loving, “rather cheerful and wise elder who is Alyosha’s mentor and teacher before he dies.
His real and sincere goodness shows the faults of other people – even the very good Alyosha is embarrassed and awkward around Lise and his father, while Zosima is quiet, kind, and calm.
He sees people clearly.
Alyosha is influenced by his teachings and uses them to teach the schoolboys he becomes friends with.
It is probable that his character was inspired by Saint Tikhon of Zadonsk.
Dostoevsky wrote to poet A.
Maikov, To you alone I make this confession...I am going to portray (picture) the real Tikhon of Zadonsk, whom I long ago received into my heart with real delight.
When he first wrote The Brothers Karamazov, the name Tikhon was inside, and was later replaced by Elder Zosima.
A young student that Alyosha thinks of as his friend, but who secretly dislikes Alyosha.
Irritable and sarcastic, he does not believe in God and likes to use fashionable philosophical theories, saying that he is a socialist and saying things that Nietzsche said.
He is annoyed by Alyosha's real purity and tries to introduce him to Grushenka, hoping that she will shake his religious faith.
Orthoptera are an order of insects.
The order contains grasshoppers, katydids, and crickets.
Ortho means straight, so Orthoptera means straight wings.
Lee has played in over 100 international matches.
The cell which produces the cnida is variously called a cnidocyte, cnidoblast, or nematocyte.
It is highly specialised for just one function.
Each nematocyte cell contains an organelle with a hollow, coiled, thread-like structure.
The outside of the cell has a hair-like trigger.
When the trigger is touched, the shaft of the cnidocyst fires like a harpoon.
It penetrates the prey, and the hollow thread comes with it.
This takes no more than a few microseconds.
After penetration, the toxic content of the nematocyst is injected into the target.
The rapid activity of the injected neurotoxins paralyzes the mobile prey, thus allowing the sessile cnidarian to devour it.
M.
Lermontov was born in the family of a captain Yury Petrovich Lermontov and Mary Mikhailovna Lermontova.
There was bad situation in his family: his parents sweared each other.
Lermontov's mother had died very early and his grandmother became a parent for Mikhail without his father.
Map lichen is a lichen widely used by climatologists to determine the relative age of deposits.
As an example, they might use it in a moraine systems, to tell how long a rock has been exposed.
With this they can also tell about glacial advances.
The process is called lichenometry.
The hazel dormouse (Muscardinus avellanarius), also known as the common dormouse, is a small rodent.
It is the only living species in its genus.
In this leap year, Martin Luther King Jr.
Day is on January 19, Valentine’s Day is on a Saturday, Presidents Day is on February 16, the leap day, February 29, is on a Sunday, St.
Patrick’s Day is on a Wednesday, Mother’s Day is on May 9, Memorial Day is on its latest possible date, May 31, Father’s Day is on June 20, Independence Day is on a Sunday, Labor Day is on September 6, Columbus Day is on October 11, Halloween is on a Sunday, Veterans Day is on a Thursday, Thanksgiving is on November 25, and Christmas is on a Saturday.
Kellen's dormouse (Graphiurus kelleni) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.
It is native to Angola, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gambia, Kenya, Mali, Nigeria, Niger, Senegal, Tanzania, and Uganda.
The woolly dormouse (Dryomys laniger) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.
Eliomys is a genus of rodent in the Gliridae family.
The Asian garden dormouse (Eliomys melanurus) is a species of rodent in the Gliridae family.
It is found in Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, and Turkey.
The desert dormouse (Selevinia betpakdalaensis) is a species of rodent in the dormouse family Gliridae.
When Paul Steinitz founded the London Bach Society he wanted them to perform Bach’s music.
Most musicians in those days played Bach in an exaggerated, romantic style, using large choirs and orchestras, playing with lots of vibrato, and with lots of changes of speed which Bach would not have done.
Steinitz wanted to show people how Bach’s works should sound.
From 1950 he performed them in German.
When more musicians started to learn how to play period instruments he started to use these.
In 1952 he conducted the first performance in Britain of Bach’s St Matthew Passion in its complete and original German form.
It was all part of a movement which was known as “Back to Bach in its original form.
The choir was formed in 1947.
The singers were good amateur singers.
Steinitz rehearsed them a lot until they were very good.
The London Bach Society (LBS) gave many concerts of Bach's music, as well as singing music by other Baroque composers such as Handel, Telemann and Heinrich Schütz.
They also sang works by modern composers such as Stravinsky, John Tavener and Nicholas Maw.
Between 1958 and 1987 the LBS choir performed all the cantatas by Bach which survive.
208 of them are known.
Many others have been lost.
The choir performed one of Bach's passions every Lent, usually the St Matthew Passion.
They also went on tour, travelling to the USA, Israel, Bulgaria and twice to the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) where they sang at St Thomas Church, Leipzig, where Bach had been Director of Music.
Chromatin is divided into heterochromatin (condensed) and euchromatin (extended) forms.
The various number of modules is combined from two to tens of thousands modules.
When modules are put together, most are supported only by the friction of paper, also they are glued together or sewn by threads.
Mitsunobu Sonobe designed in 1970s.
It is so simple that most people can make kusudamas.
Module of Sonobe method is one of the most famous modules.
We can make a polyhedron like a cube or a trisoctahedron(a dodecahedron)?
by putting together many modules.
Peter Schwartz wrote a lot of books, mostly about the future.
He wrote about China's economy.
The Pirate Bay (shortname:TPB) is a Swedish website that indexes Bit Torrent files.
It was created by Gottfrid Svartholm, Fredrik Neij and Peter Sunde.
The Pirate Bay is ranked as the 85th most popular website by Alexa.
The Pirate Bay had to face many lawsuits and a raid in relation to copyright violations.
It was shut down on December 9, 2014 by Swedish police, and came back online on January 31, 2015.
Agustín Ross Edwards was a Chilean writer, Member of Parliament, minister and politician.
(verse 34) And he said, Do it again.
and they did it again, and a third time, as he said.
He replied not the answer to the Lord's question, but instead of how he had been very zealous for the Lord God Almighty and how the Israelites were being unfair to him.
The Lord told him to go out and stand on the mountain in the presence of the Lord.
Invasion of the Bane is the first episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures.
The series is a British science fiction television series about a woman called Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen).
It was broadcast on 1 January 2007.
Although it is written as a pilot episode, it is not a pilot.
This is because a series was agreed before the pilot episode was actually written.
This episode begins with Maria Jackson (Yasmin Paige) and her divorced father, Alan Jackson (Joseph Millson), moving into the house across the road from Sarah Jane Smith.
That night, a bright, light that is coming from Sarah Jane's house wakes Maria up.
Maria decides to find out what it is and find that it is an alien called a Star Poet.
The next morning, her friend and neighbour, Kelsey Hooper (Porsha Lawrence Mavour) invites her to go to the Bubble Shock open day.
They hop onto the free Bubble Shock bus and get taken to the factory.
When they arrive, a guard takes them to a security scanner.
The scanner takes their DNA and transfers it to the Archetype (Thomas Knight) whilst being watched by Mrs Wormwood (Samantha Bond).
Sarah Jane has overheard the girls' plans and decides to follow them.
When she is the factory she interviews Mrs Wormwood.
She asks her how she gained approval of her drink so quickly and why she was not able to analyse Bane, an ingredient only found in Bubble Shock.
Mrs Wormwood simply says that Bubble Shock satisfies the needs of the Western world.
She then throws Sarah Jane out.
Sarah Jane is almost killed by a secretary of Mrs Wormwood.
Kelsey gets bored and walks out of the tour to phone her friend, but disturbs the Bane Mother.
Mrs Wormwood tells her staff not to ring any sirens and to kill Sarah Jane Smith.
When Maria tries to phone Kelsey, she sets off more alarms.
These alarms cause the Archetype to escape.
While Maria is escaping, she bumps into the Archetpye and takes him to the safety of the women's bathroom.
He can only mimic her.
Sarah Jane then finds them and helps them to escape.
When they are at home, Sarah Jane warns Maria not to keep following her because her life is too dangerous.
Meanwhile, the guards at the factory are speaking to Kelsey.
She complains about her treatment and to shut her up, Mrs Wormwood reveals her true, alien body.
She then finds out that Kelsey and Sarah Jane live on the same street and, therefore, tells her PR (Jamie Davis) to take Kelsey home.
Maria then realises that the Bane know about Sarah Jane and the PR reveals his true body as well, chasing Maria, Sarah Jane and Kelsey into Sarah Jane's house.
After stopping the PR, Sarah Jane takes the kids to her attic and tells them the truth.
She tells them that aliens exist and then years ago, she met a wonderful man called The Doctor.
She travelled in Time and Space but then, the adventures stopped and she was back on Earth.
She then told them that by accident, she and The Doctor met again and she then found out that he still liked her.
Sarah Jane Smith finally understands that the ingredient was sentient and rings up Mrs Wormwood and asks her to leave Earth.
But Mrs Wormwood refuses and uses Bubble Shock to control the majority of the human race.
Sarah Jane breaks into the factory immediately by driving the bus into the wall and the Bane Mother is revealed.
She explains that she made the Archetype with different people's DNA and that the Archetype is the perfect human being.
The Archetype uses the Bane technology to rescue the gang and to explode the factory.
On the 8th December 2008, the first scene of this episode was shown on BBC Breakfast and online, on the Doctor Who Advent Calendar.
The clip showed Sarah Jane interviewing Mrs Wormwood.
He is Maria's father.
He is divorced and for the majority of the series, he was unaware that his daughter was secretly fighting aliens.
At the end of Series One, he found out and decided that he was going to help.
He recently took a job in America, meaning that he had to take Maria with him.
This alien can enter people's body's and take over speech and movement.
They are very tricky to spot because of this.
These are lights from before the Big Bang with a lot of powers.
The Ancient Lights took over Martin Trueman and started to use him to prophesise an end to the world.
They tried to take over people starsign by starsign.
She is a red alien from an unknown species that escaped during a war between her people and the Daleks.
Her Ship crashed in a seaside resort in Danemouth and Ship ordered the caretaker of a funfair to look after her until it had rebuilt.
One look at the Gorgon and you will turn to stone.
That's what happened to Maria's father.
They originate from the planet Gorgos.
Interstellar thug police from the planet Jadoon and resemble rhino-headed soldiers.
They are hired by others to solve crimes.
In Prisoner of the Judoon, one was seen chasing an Androvax.
They wear a black uniform.
He is a member of the bug-like species Uvodni.
He was a warrior for his species until he was injured and had to stop.
He took control of Laser Tag centres across the world and the winning children were beamed up to a space station far above Earth to be prepared to fight in a war.
Little did the General know, the war was actually over.
Mr Smith is Sarah Jane's supercomputer that she hides in her wall.
It is really a Xylock- an alien race that has a huge memory store.
It first communicated with Sarah Jane's laptop when she bought the house and it promised Sarah Jane that he would help her in keeping the Earth safe for as long as he was functional.
There is occasional banter between it and K-9.
Ahab son of Omri did more evil in the eyes of the Lord than any of those before him (1 Kings 16:30), as it is written in the Bible.
Many think - and say - that it is probably because of his evil wife, Queen Jezebel, daughter of Ethbaal king of the Sidonians.
She was even more sinful than Ahab, and comes out in the Bible, commanding Ahab to do most of the things she wants.
She serves the idol Baal and tries to make Ahab and all the Israelites worship it as well.
Ahab also once did a great sin that the Lord was very angry at, and it included a vineyard of Naboh the Jezreelite.
The name Seligenstadt means place of happiness.
There is a story about the name.
The emperor Charlemagne had lost his daughter and he found her in the village Mulinheim.
Therefore, the name of the place was changed into Seligenstadt.
But God was angry at this, because Ahaziah did not consult him, but only a god of Ekron, so on the way, Elijah went and met the servants, and told them (2 Kings 1:6) as the Lord had instructed him, Go back to the king who sent you and tell him, 'This is what the Lord says:Is it because there was no God in Israel that you are sending men to consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron?Therefore (Because of this) you will not leave the bed you are lying on.
You will certainly (surely) die!' And the messengers did has he was told.
At King Ahaziah's questions, they described Elijah as a man with a garment of hair and with a leather belt around his waist.
King Ahaziah recognized him at once, and sent a captain with fifty men to call Elijah.
Jinan (Chinese: 济南/濟南) is a city in eastern China and the capital of China's Shandong province.
Jinan's most famous attraction is the Baotu Spring.
Li Qingzhao(李清照, 1084 - 1151 A.D) was born in Jinan and is a famous poet in China.
In the 1770s, the English used pirates to help their government.
By doing harm to the Spanish navy and export, the English hoped to get more land in the New World and stop the Spanish from controlling the New World trade.
They did get what they wanted, but made a new problem.
Today, capoeira is viewed as one of the symbols of Brazilian culture all around the world and in 1970 it was taught outside of Brazil for the first time.
Capoeira presentations, normally theatrical and with little martiality, are common sights around the world.
When the company started, computer database technology was only starting.
Ellison had read a 1970 paper written by Edgar F.
Codd on relational database management systems (RDBMS).
There were also five depressons.
The first one started on June 21 and died on June 22.
While the second started on June 27 and died on July 5, after it killed about 34 people in India.
The third started on September 12 and died on September 16.
Fourth, it started on September 14 and died on September 16.
The last depression started on November 20 and died on that same day.
Photolithography makes integrated circuits such as memory and central processing units.
In Britain there are about 6500 species of Hymenoptera more than in any other insect order and just one parasitoid superfamily, the Ichneumonoidea, has nearly half of them.
Most workers now recognise only two families in Ichneumonoidea.
These are Ichneumonidae, with over two thousand British species, and Braconidae, with nearly 1200 representatives in Britain.
They are, respectively, the largest and the second largest families of British insects.
Only a beetle family, the Staphylinidae, is near the thousand mark.
Ichneumonoids also include the largest parasitoids.
Eudora Alice Welty (April 13, 1909 – July 23, 2001) was an award-winning American author who wrote short stories and novels about the American South.
Her book, The Optimist's Daughter, won the Pulitzer Prize in 1973 and Welty was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, among numerous awards.
She was the first living author to have her works published by the Library of America.
Her house in Jackson, Mississippi, is a National Historic Landmark and open to the public as a museum.
In 1879 the Chilean army landed in Pisagua, and consequently, many office workers went to the Pampa for safety.
Humberstone, his wife, his mother and his two daughters went with them.
People magazine released a tribute issue for Selena.
It sold one million copies in one day.
This was the only issue to have been sold out in stores across the United States.
The company released three more runs, and all sold out in two weeks.
This made the company to release People En Espanol.
A musical called Selena Forever, starring Veronica Vasquez as Selena, opened in Los Angeles.
The American Bank Center in Corpus Christi renamed its 2,526-seat Bayfront Auditorium to Selena Auditorium.
Eleventh grade (called Grade 11 in some places, also known as junior year in the United States and Australia) is the second to last year of secondary education in the United States, as well as many other nations.
Students are usually 16 when they start and are 17 years old at the end.
Rigel appears to be as a single star, but in fact it's a stellar system of at least four stars.
That include Rigel A, Rigel Ba, Rigel Bb and Rigel C.
Rigel Ba and Bb orbits around each other every 9.8 days, while Rigel C orbits around Rigel B binary every 63 years.
The distance from Rigel A and BC is ~2 200 AU, so the orbital period of each other is ~24 000 years.
Rigel Ba, Bb and C have a mass of 3.84; 2.94; and 3.84 solar masses, and therefore they're B-type main sequence stars.
Sondheim wrote both the music and the words to his musicals.
Pinchas Zukerman was born in Tel Aviv.
His parents were Jews who had survived the Nazi concentration camps and had moved from Poland to Israel in 1947.
By the time he was eight he showed great musical promise and started to learn music at the Academy of Music in Tel Aviv.
When the violinist Isaac Stern heard him play he was so impressed that he helped him to go to the Julliard School of Music in New York.
There he studied with Ivan Galanian.
Bonds are usually traded through banks and other financial entities and are part of a financial instrument group called Fixed Income.
Usher was the halftime performer for Super Bowl 58 on February 11, 2024.
His show featured guest performances from Jermaine Dupri, Alicia Keys, Lil Jon, Ludacris, H.E.R., and will.i.am.
Ocean trenches are typically caused when an oceanic crustal plate slides under a lighter continental plate or another oceanic plate.
It is believed to work by density.
Where one plate slides under another, this is called subduction.
As the heavier plate descends, the long, narrow feature caused is called the subduction zone.
It is here that oceanic trenches form.
They can be 1,500 miles (2,400 km) long, several miles deep, and as much as 70 miles (112 km) wide.
Lancaster Castle is well known as the site of the Pendle witch trials in 1612.
Lancaster is the most northerly city in Lancashire, three miles from Morecambe Bay.
The city is on the River Lune, the Lancaster Canal, and the West Coast Main Line.
It is close to the M6 motorway.
The Strepsirrhini clade is one of the two suborders of primates, with 114 species.
They are defined by their wet noses, although the Greek name means having a curved or bent nose.
Madagascar's only primates (apart from humans) are strepsirrhines, although others can be found in southeast Asia.
In the Dreamtime, the Rainbow Serpent helped the world along with rain.
At the beginning of time, the Rainbow Serpent awoke from its sleep and pushed through the Earth's crust.
As it travelled over the empty land, it left behind deep tracks.
The Rainbow Serpent called to the frogs to come out from beneath the earth.
It tickled the frogs' bellies, and when they laughed, water poured out from their open mouths.
The water filled the Rainbow Serpent's deep tracks, making rivers and lakes.
A vector subspace is a vector space that is a subset of another vector space.
This means that all the properties of a vector space are satisfied.
In 1856, he married Marie-Nelly Monchablon and had five children.
In the late 1850s he made a profitable friendship with a successful art dealer.
This art dealer made William famous even in other countries.
William was able to buy a big house and studio with his growing fortune.
The Rann of Kachchh is the only large Flooded grasslands zone in the whole Indo-Malayan region of the planet.
A solar calendar is a calendar based on the position of the earth in relation to the sun.
There are tropical solar calendars.
A Pinto horse is a spotted horse.
They are not a breed, but a coat color.
In fact, any horse breed can be a Pinto as long as they have patches of white or another color.
Pintos are often confused with Paints, a horse breed.
They look very similar.
The difference is that a Paint is a breed, and a Pinto is a coat color that can be on any breed, including Paints.
There are two ways to say that 1729 is the sum of two cubes.
Gold was found in the area during the 1850s.
A Post Office opened on 1 February 1843, as Ovens, and moved to the town and was renamed Wangaratta in 1854.
The Ovens office, and the Kilmore office which opened the same day, were the fifth and sixth to open in the Port Phillip District (Victoria).
They were also the first two inland offices.
Health care or healthcare is the preservation of mental and physical health by preventing or treating illnesses through services offered by the health profession and its staff.
Health care includes all reasonable and necessary medical aid, medical examinations, medical treatments, medical diagnoses, medical evaluations and medical services.
The right to health care is considered one of human rights with international human rights law as well as social security.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, a couch was thought as a long, upward seat for resting on.
One end would slope up high enough to provide a place for the head to rest.
Rienzi is an opera by Richard Wagner.
Its full title is Rienzi, der Letzte der Tribunen (Rienzi, the Last of the Tribunes).
It is one of the earliest operas Wagner wrote.
There are five acts.
Wagner wrote the libretto himself, using the story from a novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton.
It was composed between 1838 and 1840 It was first performed at the Hofoper, Dresden on 20 October 1842.
It was the first time Wagner had a success as an opera composer.
Der fliegende Holländer (The Flying Dutchman) is an opera by Richard Wagner.
Wagner wrote the libretto himself.
The story comes from the legend of the Flying Dutchman, which is about the captain of a ship.
It is his fate that he has keep sailing the sea, without ever going on to land, until Judgment Day.
A lady slipper orchid has a deep pocket that is actually a bee trap.
When a bee crawls down into the flower to get the nectar, the pocket on the flower closes shut.
Because of this, the bee is stuck for a while, wiggling and squirming, getting pollen all over itself.
There are also special forms of continuous, such as Lipschitz-continuous.
A function is Lipschitz-continuous if there is a formula_10 with formula_11 for all x,y ∈ (a,b).
Born in Wyre Piddle, son of Harry & Madeline (née Winn), near Pershore, Worcestershire, Choules joined the Royal Navy as a young man in 1916, and served aboard the Naval Training Ship HMS Circe at Plymouth.
In 1917, he joined the battleship HMS Revenge, which was the flagship of the First Battle Squadron.
While serving aboard her, Choules witnessed the surrender of the German Imperial Navy at the Firth of Forth in 1918, ten days after the Armistice, and was also to witness the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow.
Listed here are the veterans who were not verified as a World War I veteran.
...
the extraordinary thing in this young woman is that she has made herself so thoroughly acquainted with the science that the moment she finds any bones she knows to what tribe they belong.
She fixes the bones on a frame with cement and then makes drawings and has them engraved.
.
.
It is certainly a wonderful instance of divine favour – that this poor, ignorant girl should be so blessed, for by reading and application she has arrived to that degree of knowledge as to be in the habit of writing and talking with professors and other clever men on the subject, and they all acknowledge that she understands more of the science than anyone else in this kingdom.
At the Arles Council, in 314, was obliged to all the Christianity to celebrate Easter the same day, and that this date was going to be assigned by the Pope, that was going to send epistles to all the churches in the world with the necessary instructions.
However, not all the congregations followed those precepts.
Dostoevsky had to write very quickly to finish both The Gambler and Crime and Punishment.
Anna Snitkina, a stenographer whom he later married, helped him very much.
The first part of Crime and Punishment appeared in January 1866 in The Russian Messenger.
The last part was published in December 1866.
There were lots of important kingdoms in the Congo region before the Europeans came there.
The Kongo Empire was one of these.
The Kongo was a group of small states near the mouth of the Congo river ruled by a king.
That nation gave the river its name.
Alexandrine Pieternella Françoise Tinne, called Alexine Tinne (October 17, 1835 – August 1, 1869) was a Dutch explorer.
She used her money to satisfy her curiosity about Africa.
Her father died when she was ten, and she became one of the richest people in the Netherlands.
Tinne is said to have been beautiful, and she was very clever.
She knew several languages and was good at riding horses.
She was also brave and firm.
The operating systems on which the clients can run natively (without emulation).
This software is compliant natively; other software may be compliant with extensions.
Galloway became engaged to American professional wrestler Taryn Terrell (also known as Tiffany) in July 2009, while both working for WWE and they married in Las Vegas in May 2010.
They divorced in May 2011.
The term wigger means a person (generally a white person) who by act does things that stereotypically are related to urban African Americans, Black British and Caribbean culture, especially in relation to hip hop culture and British Grime/Garage scene.
The word can also be spelled as wigga, whigger or whigga, also known as acting black.
Other words for wigger include wankster and wangsta.
An opcode identifies which basic computer operation in the instruction set is to be performed.
It is used when writing machine code.
It tells the computer to do something.
Each machine language instruction typically has both an opcode and operands.
The opcode is like a verb in a sentence, and the operands are like the subject in a sentence.
Between 15 and 20 cities were thought of to host the event, with fewer than half of the people thought of invited to explain why they should hold the event at WWE's headquarters at Stamford, Connecticut.
Atlanta's main rival to hosting the event was the city of Miami, Florida who wanted to host the event at Sun Life Stadium along with WrestleMania Axxess at the Convention Center and the WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the American Airlines Arena.
Miami was later given WrestleMania XXVIII.
2) Lead to some work being done to expand the system.
Tim McIlrath began his musical career in his teenage years.
Tim was very active in the Chicago local alternative rock/punk scene.
His first band was the post hardcore band Baxter.
They formed in 1995 along with future The Lawrence Arms drummer Neil Hennessy and future Killing Tree and Holy Roman Empire bassist Geoff Reu.
Brandon studied music in college and played drums in the University of Colorado music program.
He knew then he wanted to make music his career.
By listening to his favorite drummers such as Elvin Jones, Tony Williams, Terry Bozzio, Peter Erskin, and Dave Lombardo, Brandon got the style of playing he has used in many bands over the last 10 years.
Crockett was born in Tennessee.
A replica of the cabin In which he was born stands today in Davy Crockett Birthplace State Park, in Tennessee.
Impact Wrestling has a version called a Full Metal Mayhem match where there are more weapons like thumbtacks added.
The key assumption behind the technique is that, in the long run, changes in molecular structure happen at a steady rate.
Hagfish are usually not eaten by humans in most countries.
However, meat from the inshore hagfish (a type of hagfish known as kkomjangeo (꼼장어) or meokjango (먹장어) in Korean and Nuta-unagi in Japanese) is a popular food in Korea.
Another hurricane moved past Bermuda.
It caused only minor damage.
The Service Sector, also called tertiary sector, is the third of the three traditional economic sectors.
The other two are the primary sector, which covers areas such as farming, mining and fishing; and the secondary sector which covers manufacturing and making things.
The service sector provides services, rather than producing material commodities.
Activities in the service sector include retail, banks, hotels, real estate, education, health, social work, computer services, recreation, media, communications, electricity, gas and water supply.
The service sector is an important part of the economy.
For example, in Australia in 2007, 85% of all businesses were in the service sector.
In 2009 there were more than nine million people employed in the service sector in Australia, which was 86% of all jobs.
In India, there has been a huge growth in service sector businesses which made up 55% of India's GDP in 2006—2007.
Computer software businesses in India are increasing at a rate of 35% per year.
The Weather Underground crossed lines of legality, of propriety and perhaps even of common sense.
Our effectiveness can be — and still is being — debated.
MSNBC is an American cable news channel started by NBCUniversal (NBC) and Microsoft (MSN), thus the name MSNBC.
It was started in 1996.
It is produced by NBC's news division, NBC News.
It replaced a channel Roger Ailes operated and founded for NBC called America's Talking, which launched in 1994.
State Farm Stadium is a sports venue in Glendale, Arizona.
It opened in 2006 as Cardinals Stadium, named for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League, which have played there since the stadium opened.
Shortly after opening, the stadium was renamed University of Phoenix Stadium.
This name was due to a corporate sponsorship contract; the University of Phoenix is a for-profit school without a sports program.
In 2018, the Cardinals and State Farm Insurance entered into a new sponsorship deal, leading to the stadium's current name.
The stadium is completely covered, featuring a grass field that slides in and out of the stadium.
This allows the playing surface to be exposed to sunlight when not in use, and also allows the stadium floor to be used for other events without risk of damaging the field.
Butter cakes are often made by beating the butter and sugar until fluffy.
This is called creaming.
Eggs are added, then the other ingredients.
The deliberate release of the European red fox in the 19th century wiped out the entire numbat population in Victoria, NSW, South Australia and the Northern Territory, and almost all numbats in Western Australia, as well.
By the late 1970s, the population was well under 1,000 individuals, concentrated in two small areas far from Perth, Dryandra, and Perup.
The 707 has been used for many different types of flights.
Versions of the 707 used by militaries are the E-3 Sentry, KC-135 Stratotanker, and the C-137 Stratoliner.
Boeing made 1,011 707s (including the 720).
More than 800 military planes were made.
In August 2011, 10 707s were being used by airlines.
The 707-138 was a −120 which was ten feet shorter than the others.
It could also fly further.
Many steps are required to make the gases needed for the F-T process.
For example, all chemicals entering the reactor must have all sulfur removed.
For factories that start out with methane and want to make a liquid hydrocarbon (like kerosene), another important reaction is steam reforming, which turns the methane into CO (carbon monoxide) and H (hydrogen gas).
Hunters needed the right whale's blubber for meat, because blubber could be boiled to make oil.
This is a list of characters in the Percy Jackson & the Olympians series of fantasy novels by the author Rick Riordan.
She is portrayed by Alexandra Daddario in the film adaptation and by Kristin Stokes in the musical.
Leah Sava Jeffries is set to portray her in the upcoming TV adaptation on Disney+.
When Sarah was 80, she tried to vote.
Theravada is the oldest-surviving denomination of Buddhism.
In his prime Lasker was one of the most dominant champions, and he is generally regarded as one of the strongest players ever.
He finally lost the title to Capablanca in 1921.
In spring 1933 Adolf Hitler started a campaign of discrimination and intimidation against Jews, depriving them of their property and citizenship.
Lasker and his wife Martha, who were both Jewish, left Germany the same year.
After a stay in England, in 1935 they were invited to live in the USSR by Nikolai Krylenko, the Commissar of Justice responsible for the Moscow show trials and also Sports Minister.
Krylenko was an enthusiastic supporter of chess.
In the USSR, Lasker renounced his German citizenship and received Soviet citizenship.
He took up residence in Moscow, and was given a post at Moscow's Institute for Mathematics, and a post of trainer of the USSR national team.
Stalin's Great Purge started at about the same time the Laskers arrived in the USSR.
In August 1937, Martha and Emanuel Lasker decided to leave the Soviet Union, and they moved, via the Netherlands, to the United States (first Chicago, next New York) in October 1937.
Modern computer algebra systems often include extensive numeric capabilities for convenience and which fit together with its symbolic abilities.
A goldsmith is a person who makes objects using gold or other precious metals.
José Raúl Capablanca was the second surviving son of an army officer.
According to Capablanca, he learned the rules of the game at the age of four by watching his father play, pointed out an illegal move by his father, and then beat his father twice.
At the age of eight he was taken to Havana Chess Club, which had hosted many important contests, but on the advice of a doctor he was not allowed to play frequently.
The St.
Petersburg 1914 chess tournament was the first in which Capablanca played World Champion Emanuel Lasker under normal tournament conditions.
The St.
Petersburg event was arranged in an unusual way: after a preliminary single-round all-play-all tournament of eleven players, the top five were to play a second stage in a double round format, with scores from the preliminary tournament carried forward to the second contest.
Capablanca placed first in the preliminary tournament, 1½ points ahead of Lasker, who was out of practice and made a shaky start.
Despite a determined effort by Lasker, Capablanca still seemed on course for ultimate victory.
However, in their second game of the final, Lasker reduced Capablanca to a helpless position and Capablanca was so shaken by this that he blundered away his next game to Tarrasch.
Lasker thus finished half a point ahead of Capablanca and 3½ ahead of Alekhine.
In the example below the columns aren't listed.
This would result in an attempt to add the data into the table in the order the values are listed.
Charles Joseph Whitman (born June 24, 1941 in Lake Worth, Florida – died August 1, 1966 in Austin, Texas) was a former marine and student who is best known for committing the Tower shooting at the University of Texas at Austin on August 1, 1966 where he killed 14 people and wounded 32 others.
It was the deadliest school shooting until the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre.
Its relative major is B-flat major.
Its relative major is D major, and its parallel major is B major.
In Baroque times, people thought that B minor was the key of passive suffering.
Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart (1739-1791) said that it was a key that was complaining gently and quietly, something that matches Bach's use of the key in the St.
John's Passion.
By Beethoven's time, B minor had changed in people's minds: Francesco Galeazzi wrote that B minor was not suitable for music in good taste, and Beethoven labelled a B minor melodic idea in one of his sketchbooks as a black key.
C minor is a minor scale based on C.
Its pitches are C, D, E, F, G, A, B, and C.
Its key signature has three flats.
Many people think it is a melancholy and key.
Harry Farjeon says that F sharp minor is light red, and that it is the key Mendelssohn uses when he is being passionate.
Many piano pieces have been written in F-sharp minor.
F minor is a key that people often link with passion.
Some famous pieces in the key of F minor are Beethoven's Appassionata Sonata, Haydn's Symphony No.
49 in F minor, La Passione, and Vivaldi's The Four Seasons.
Symphonies in E major are quite rare, but the key is often used for concertos.
One of them is Felix Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto.
Its enharmonic equivalent is F-sharp major, whose key signature also has six accidentals.
In writing music in E major for B-flat instruments, it is preferable to use a G-flat rather an F-sharp key signature.
The Presentation of the Rose scene in Act Two of Richard Strauss's opera Der Rosenkavalier is written in F-sharp major.
E-flat minor is its enharmonic equivalent.
Its relative major is F-sharp major, and its parallel major is D-sharp major.
This is usually replaced by E-flat major, because D-sharp major's two double sharps make it impractical to use.
In music, sharp, or Diese, means higher in pitch.
In musical notation, sharp means higher in pitch by a semitone (half step), and looks like this:().
In music theory, theoretical keys or impossible keys are keys with key signatures that contain one or more double-flats or double-sharps.
The All Whites played Slovakia to start off with and drew 1-1.
The All Whites then played Italy, and surprisingly also drew 1-1, taking all of New Zealand by surprise.
NZ then played Paraguay as the deciding match, in this game, Paraguay and New Zealand drew 0-0.
This is the first world cup where New Zealand has scored a goal and the first world cup where NZ is undefeated.
Carson's boss liked what she did, and asked her to write the introduction to a public brochure about the fisheries bureau.
He also had her apply to the first full-time job that became available.
When she took the civil service exam, she outscored all other applicants.
In 1936 she became only the second woman to be hired by the Bureau of Fisheries for a full-time, professional position, as a junior aquatic biologist.
According to the standard OSI Model there are seven layers.
Each layer is dependent upon the layers below it to function.
Archaeological artefacts prove that the village was already been populated the in Iron Age.
The name of the village comes from the period when the State was founded; the area was probably awarded as a gift to Knight Pázmány to function as a summer residence.
Little is known about the history of the settlement in the Middle Ages.
One thing is sure: when the Turks were expelled from Hungary the fleeing troops slaughtered the families living here, destroyed the Romanesque church and set the village on fire.
Botvinnik came first equal with Flohr, ½ point ahead of Lasker and one point ahead of José Raúl Capablanca, in Moscow's second International Tournament, held in 1935.
After consulting Capablanca and Lasker, Krylenko proposed to award Botvinnik the title grandmaster, but Botvinnik objected that titles were not the point.
However, he accepted a free car and a 67% increase in his postgraduate study grant, both provided by the People's Commissariat of Heavy Industry.
Botvinnik played no formal competitive games after winning the 1948 match tournament until he defended his title.
In 1951, he drew with David Bronstein over 24 games in Moscow, +5 =14 -5, keeping the world title.
He struggled to draw this match with Bronstein, and had (by his standards) weak tournament results.
Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki: the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board, with Keres on top board; Botvinnik protested and refused to play.
Keres' playing record from 1950 to early 1952 had been outstanding.
Though tsunami can not be prevented, there are warning systems developed recently which warn the population before the big waves reach the land to let them enough time to rush to safety.
She won the first Women's World Championship in 1927 and successfully defended her title six times in every other championship in her lifetime, and only lost one game, while winning 78 and drawing four games.
These were all-play-all tournaments, mostly run alongside Chess Olympiads.
Stockholm 1937 (+14 –0 =0).
In addition, Menchik won two matches against her rival Sonja Graf for the Women’s World Champion title; (+3 –1 =0) at Rotterdam 1934, and (+9 –2 =5) at Semmering 1937.
Clapping is when you hit your hands together which makes a sound.
The harder you hit, the louder the sound, the softer you hit, less the sound.
The Mounties were given the right to use the term Royal by King Edward VII in 1904.
Their name was changed to the Royal Northwest Mounted Police (RNWMP).
This term was made popular by US President Richard Nixon in a speech he gave on November 3 1969, about the Vietnam War.
Nixon said And so tonight, to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans; I ask for your support.
The opposite of the silent majority were a noisy minority, a small group of people, who Nixon said tried to get their way by holding demonstrations in the streets.
The speech on this link does not contain these words.
Read it for yourself.
It only references the term “Silent Majority which had been described during his campaign in other speeches.
As spyware has turned into a worse threat, a number of ways to get rid of spyware have been used to remove it.
These include programs designed to remove or to block spyware, as well as various user practices which reduce the chance of getting spyware on a system.
The climate of Concepción is classified as Köppen climate classification csb, with a dry summer nadir in February.
It has an oceanic influence which keeps temperatures mild throughout the year.
Wet snows are possible in winter, but snow does not remain for long.
Concepción is one of the most active cities in Chilean rock music and many famous rock groups in Chile started up in Concepción.
In the physical sciences, mass and weight are different.
The mass of an object is a measure of the amount of matter in the object.
Weight is a measure of the force on the object caused by a gravitational field.
In other words, weight is how hard gravity pulls on an object.
This means the mass of an object will remain at wherever it is on the earth's surface, but if it is moved from the equator to the North Pole, its weight will grow by 0.5% because of the increase in the earth's gravitational field.
Elevated building foundation (EBF) is a kind of seismic base isolation technology which is made a major part of a building superstructure.
It is made to protect the building's superstructure against damage from the shaking caused by an earthquake.
WRA camps were surrounded by barbed wire.
They were also guarded by soldiers who waited in watchtowers holding guns.
One famous camp was Manzanar, which was in California.
Many Japanese from Los Angeles and San Francisco were sent there.
Other camps included Poston in Arizona and Minidoka in Idaho.
There were a few camps outside of the western U.S., such as Jerome in Arkansas.
Japanese Americans were often crowded into small spaces, such as race tracks, before being sent to the camps.
Some samples of strength training exercises in a gym are presented in the picture gallery below.
The main building of the German National Library in Leipzig was built 1914–1916 after plans of the architect Oskar Pusch.
The impressive facade is 160 m long and faces the Deutscher Platz.
The building was opened on October 19, 1916, one day after the monument for the Battle of the Nations.
Emperor Wilhelm II had already left in a huff, as the Leipzig citizens did not conform to Prussian Imperial ideology.
The building lot of the library had been donated by the city of Leipzig, while Friedrich August III, king of Saxony provided the funds for the building.
The classic example of intonation is the question-statement distinction.
The purpose of the library is to assist members of the .
The library is similar in purpose and scope to the U.S.
Library of Congress.
In competitive chess, it is by far the most frequently played reply to the King's Pawn opening (1.e4).
In 1845 Staunton began a chess column for the Illustrated London News, which became the most influential chess column in the world and which he continued for the rest of his life.
Although his articles mostly focused on over-the-board play, a significant number featured correspondence chess.
Some followed with enthusiasm the progress of promising youngsters, including Paul Morphy.
Staunton produced over 1,400 weekly articles for the Illustrated London News.
The English Opening, usually just called the English, is a chess opening for White.
It has become the third most popular opening move, after 1.e4 and 1.d4.
The opening was developed by the English master Howard Staunton and played in his match against Saint-Amant.
Della Casa’s father was an Italian-Swiss doctor.
Her mother came from Bavaria.
Very little is known about the events of Hanzei's life and reign.
Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.
The Jungle is a 1906 novel written by journalist Upton Sinclair.
Inspired by the Union Stock Yards in Chicago, Sinclair wrote this book to show the sufferings of the working class and to show the corruption of the American meatpacking industry during the early-20th century.
The book writes about the poverty, bad living and working conditions, and sorrow among the working class.
The sad state of turn-of-the-century work is placed for the American public to see, suggesting that something needed to be changed to get rid of American wage slavery.
The novel is also an important example of the muckraking tradition begun by journalists such as Jacob Riis.
The Jungle was first published in a series in 1905.
After five rejections, its first edition as a book was published by Doubleday, Page & Company on February 28, 1906, and it became an immediate best seller and has been in print ever since.
A royal house or royal dynasty is a family title, or family name of sorts.
It is used by royalty.
It usually means the members of a family in old and young people, who are loosely related.
Unlike most western people, a great number of the world's royal families do not have family names, and those that have them do not use them often.
They are referred to instead by their titles, often related to an area ruled or once ruled by that family.
Royal Houses still exist today.
Kim was in the Japan team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.
Like a pin, but the valuable piece is in front.
So black B, white K and white R on a diagonal in that order wins the rook.
Wolfgang Feiersinger (born 30 January 1965) is a former Austrian football player.
He has played for Austria national team.
Ernst Franz Hermann Happel (29 November 1925 – 14 November 1992) was a former Austrian football player and football coach.
He played for SK Rapid Wien, RC Paris and the Austria national team.
Friedrich (Friedl) Koncilia (born 25 February 1948) is a former Austrian football player mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He has also played for Austria national team.
Hirai retired in 2010.
Very little is known about the events of Nintoku's life and reign.
Only limited information is available for study prior to the reign of the 29th monarch, Emperor Kimmei.
The XNOR gate is a logic gate that outputs 1 (true) when both of its inputs are equal.
If only one output is high(1) the output is low (0).
A number of narrow tramway tracks were built in the mine area.
Adelong is one of the only two gold mining areas in New South Wales known to have used a steam locomotive on its tramways.
Porter was born in Peru, Indiana, to a rich Baptist family.
Xiphactinus (from Latin and Greek for sword-ray) was a large, 4.5 to 5 m (15 to 20 feet) long predatory bony fish that lived in the Western Interior Sea, over what is now the middle of North America, during the Late Cretaceous.
Skeletal remains of Xiphactinus have come from Kansas, Alabama, and Georgia in the United States, as well as Europe and Australia.
began by being an ironical critic; she manifested her by direct censure, but by the indirect method of imitating and exaggerating the faults of her , humour, irony, the judgment not of one that gives sentence but of the mimic who quizzes while he mocks, are her characteristics.
After Bradley and Chapman, Austen scholarship grew very quickly in the 1920s.
British writer E.
M.
Forster pointed out Austen's works for his idea of the round character.
It was with the 1939 publication of Mary Lascelles' Jane Austen and Her Art—the first full-scale historical and scholarly study of Austen—that the academic study of her works matured.
Lascelles included a short essay about her, a study of the books Austen read and their influence on her writing, and a study of Austen's style and narrative art.
Lascelles felt that critics before her had all worked in a way so small that the reader does not see how they have reached their conclusions until he has patiently found his own way to them.
She wished to study all of Austen's works, style, and techniques together.
Critics after Lascelles agreed that she studied them well.
Lascelles was interested in Austen's connection to Samuel Johnson and her desire to discuss morality through fiction.
In this she was much like Bradley before her.
But around this time, some fans of Austen began to worry that her works were being enjoyed by only a few people.
They were fearful that Austen was being criticized only by academics.
This was an argument that continued to the beginning of the twenty-first century.
Tarrasch was born in Breslau, in Prussian Silesia.
He left in 1880 to study medicine, and qualified as a physician.
He lived most of his life in Nuremberg, Bavaria, and later in Munich.
Tarrasch was born Jewish, and converted to Christianity in 1909.
He was a patriotic German, who lost a son in World War I, but he faced antisemitism in the early stages of Nazism.
Chess is a recognized sport by the International Olympic Committee with FIDE being the recognized International Sports Federation for chess since June 1999.
Certain species of animals also have sex for other purposes than to bear offspring.
These include Humans, bonobos, chimpanzees and dolphins.
These species also are among those known to engage in homosexual behaviors.
Arthur Friedenreich (18 July 1892 – 6 September 1969) was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward.
He was nicknamed The Tiger or The Original Black Pearl, and was arguably the sport's first outstanding mixed-race player.
He played when Brazilian football was still amateur, which lasted until 1933.
He is occasionally identified as one of the all-time top scorers in football history, although this is highly disputed.
Friedenreich was often said to be the pioneer of 'jogo bonito' or 'the beautiful game', a style frequently associated with Brazilian football.
The style involved playing very quickly with short passes as well as quick touches and combinations.
It also relied on taking many long shots and attacking with 2-3 pacy strikers to disorient the defence.
Despite being a short player (5 ft 7 in) he was known for his pace, power, and brilliant technical dribbling.
Considered as one of the greatest Brazilian strikers of all time during the 1910s and 1920s.
Kim Carnes (born July 20, 1945) is an American singer.
She is best known for the song Bette Davis Eyes (1981).
The Battles of Lexington and Concord were the first battles of the American Revolutionary War.
The battles were between British soldiers, who wanted to take away the colonists' weapons and to arrest John Hancock and Samuel Adams on the way to Concord, and American colonists on April 19, 1775.
They were fought in two towns outside Boston, Massachusetts: Lexington, Massachusetts and Concord, Massachusetts.
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the regular season.
The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season.
Arctic foxes do not hibernate.
They grow thicker fur in the Autumn, and put on more than 50% of their body weight as fat for insulation and as energy reserves.
Townsville (, ) is a city on the northern east coast of Queensland, Australia.
It is the largest regional city in Queensland and in 2010 was made a second capital by Premier Anna Bligh to take the stress of governing off the southeast corner of Queensland.
The Mexico pavilion has a ride.
The Norway pavilion does not have a ride yet, but they are planning to add one soon.
The China, France and Canada pavilions have movies about their countries.
The America pavilion has a stage show with audio-animatronic figures about the history of the United States.
Shen Bao was a newspaper published in Shanghai, China.
It was published between April 30, 1872 and May 27, 1949, making it the longest running for any newspaper in China.
The name has also been transliterated as Shun Pao or Shen-pao.
In English, the newspaper was usually called Shanghai News.
The name is short for Shenjiang Xinbao.
Shenjiang is a short form of Chunsheng jiang, the old name for the Huangpu River.
The paper was started by Ernest Major (1841-1908), in 1872.
Major was a British businessman.
Shen Bao was one of the first modern Chinese newspapers.
Major returned to England in 1899, and the newspaper was reorganised to be Major Company Limited.
According to Zhou, Major made it clear that the newspaper would be for Chinese readers, and not for foreigners.
He therefore picked those news and issues that would be interesting to Chinese.
Secondly, he made Chinese compradors responsible for running the business and he had Chinese editors select the news and write the editorials.
He was very successful: The Chinese compradors used their ties with the community, raised the circulation, and obtained advertisements.
This made the paper cheaper than those of the competition.
The Chinese editors knew what their readers wanted to read about.
The paper's offices were in the International Settlement, about a block away from the Central Police Station.
At first, the paper had eight pages, with news, essays, and advertisements as well as imperial decrees and memorials.
Because the editorial policies followed the principle of 'reporting whatever possible and letting the readers determine the truth,' many interesting but unfounded rumors were often included as news.
After 1905, it increased its size to twenty pages.
The Second Opium War was also known as the Arrow War or Anglo-French War in China.
French soldiers also took a big part in this war, which started when the Chinese took over one of the British ships in the port of Guangzhou, called The Arrow.
Britain and France, along with troops from Russia and the United States, attacked more Chinese cities.
This included the Battle of Canton of 1857, and in 1860 the Old Summer Palace (Yuanmingyuan) in Beijing was burned to the ground.
At the end of this war, the Chinese had to sign more of the unequal treaties.
They included making opium legal in China, opening up all their ports for trade, and to give up part of the Kowloon Peninsula to the British, which became part of the colony of Hong Kong.
The Chinese Emperor fled to Northeast China.
After the war, the Qing Dynasty's power was weakened and the Qing Dynasty needed to reconsider its relations with the outside world and the need to modernize its military, political and economic structures.
Bodybuilders do not show their power or strength.
They only show their muscular body.
It is important to have every muscle build up.
The person with the best muscles and pose will win the contest.
When Bodybuilders train they use very complex diet and training systems that will help them to achieve best results.
Although music was always an essential part of the shows by Patricio Rey in the first presentations in theaters in La Plata numbers were put on stage plays and ballet, while ricotta redonditos true distributed among the public.
By the '78 are presented in theaters under the Capital.
Between 1979 and 1980 the band distance: Poly Skay and move to Mar del Plata and Indian Valeria del Mar.
As the custom implies, at the end of the year gathered to play together.
In 1981 he resumed the course of the pubs to get professional recording their first demo in 1982: Baby, baby, Pontiac, Superlógico and Pure luck was recorded in RCA issues, encompassing important in the FM broadcast from Buenos Aires.
At that time also had joined the band of choristers Bay Bisquits (Vivi Tellas, Faithfull Marianne and Elizabeth Sebastian).
Also involved the journalist Henry Symms, reciting monologues and the introduction of the show.
Journalist Gloria Guerrero published back in December 1982: A is impartial, is not siding with anyone, but sometimes it's impossible.
The group that interested me in recent times does a recital and I want to know.
And because it is very difficult to find out otherwise, as these delusional punks do not advertise a horn nothing to do.
The news run and the theaters are filled (G.Guerrero in Humor, December 1982).
Oktubre (1986), the second plate, throw ends of the masses.
The press agrees: It is a great album that requires input adjectives unreasonably, publishes CantaRock.
The major hits were Semen-Up and October Fires.
In early 1988, Walter Avalos Sidotti replace the battery.
D'Aviero also departs.
In November, migrating is Crook (joins Grandparents of Nothingness) and its place is Sergio Dawi.
By then, the Round were praised almost devoutly.
An eye for baiao idiot is the title of the third album (1988), which more accurately reflects the group's sound, the Indian and containing a signature song for them and their audience, Let the Bands .
That was my star luxury, The pabellum of a psychopath and Hero of whiskey are the issues that stand in the next LP, Bang!Bang!'re Settled!
(1989).
On December 29, 1989, ten days after completing two works, occur in the same field hockey club, before 25,000 fans, hitherto unpublished figure for them.
The 90 years spent with constant presentations in discothèques and Sanitary Works stage.
This changed in part the relationship between band and audience.
Many felt that occur in works consisted of a betrayal of the principles of non-peaked always compromise.
My dog ​​dynamite and A little French love their most important issues.
The live album Live (1992) is a kind of official pirate by the same Skay.
Includes recordings of shows carefully selected and remastered in America.
The popularity of the band is confirmed again in two presentations at the Municipal Exhibition Center, where he premiered new songs to 40 000 people.
Patrick King then decided to release a double album with 25 tracks, entitled Wolf Loose / Lamb tied (1993).
For the first time in his career, the Round will encourage a football stadium, two consecutive nights in Hurricane, with 80,000 spectators in total, are evidence of the acceptance of the disc.
Tars long months of silence, he announced a presentation at the city of San Carlos santafecina in August '95.
To date the show, the hotel capacity was fully saturated and hordes of fans were installed in tents on the outskirts of the city.
Two shows in a nightclub with a capacity of 3000 people which was completely filled.
In late December 1998, were presented at the Round Stadium Racing, for the presentation of Last bondi Finisterre, the ninth album.
Two shows with over 45,000 people each year with closed Patricio Rey near the Federal Capital, as long ago you could not enjoy.
A year later, the Round will be presented at the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo, the first of the band outside of Argentina.
And the August 4, 2001, at the Estadio Chateau Carreras, Cordoba, was the last live performance of the band.
Hakan Şükür (born 1 September 1971) is a former Turkish football player.
He has played for Turkey national team.
John Paul Larkin (known as Scatman John) (born March 6 1942 in El Monte, California – died December 3, 1999 in Los Angeles, California) was an American jazz musician and singer.
His most popular song is Scatman (Ski Ba Bop Ba Dop Bop).
Scatman John was named Best New Artist in the Echo Awards in both Japan and Germany.
He had a stammer and won an American Speech-Language-Hearing Association's Annie Glenn Award for outstanding service to the stuttering community.
He went out as a hero after being told he had lung cancer and that he should stop scatting.
John still decided to continue, which contributed to his early death from lung cancer in 1999.
The city has two engineering landmarks: the Muskingum River Canal, designated a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark; and the Zanesville Y-Bridge, the only such structure in the United States still in use and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A barcode is a way of storing numbers printed in a way that a computer can easily read.
The first barcodes stored the numbers using lines (bars).
OMR (optical mark recognition) is a form of automated data input.
Marks are made on a specially printed paper forms which are then read by an OMR reader.
The data is then sent to a computer for processing.
Safety of the king is probably the most common theme in the later middlegame.
This example is a classic.
Two pawns up, White could win the endgame by exchanging queens.
However, he thought he saw something better.
This is a skewer, because if the black queen moves aside, then Rxg7+ gives mate.
In 1971, JVC engineers named Yuma Shiraishi and Shizuo Takano started a team to develop a VTR for people to use at home.
The Wawel Cathedral and Kraków's castle are built on Wawel Hill.
In the cathedral there is a statue of the dragon.
The dragon's cave under the castle is now a popular tourist stop.
There are many versions of the folk tale.
This is one of them.
Since 2003, many more materials printers have been sold than before.
Also, the cost of 3D printers has gone down.
In 2015, a Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoon fighter jet flew with 3D printed parts.
The United States Air Force has begun to work with 3D printers, and the has also purchased a 3D printer to print spare parts.
A dye-sublimation printer (or dye-sub printer) is a high quality computer printer that uses heat to make coloured images.
Kidney cancer is a form of cancer that begins in the kidneys.
Common forms include Wilms tumor, which occurs in children, and renal cell carcinoma.
Mirza defeated Anna-Lena Gronefeld in the first round of the 2009 Wimbledon Championships.
She then fell to #28 Sorana Cîrstea in the second round.
Flash floods occur when heavy rainfall exceeds the ability of the ground to absorb it.
They also occur when water fills normally dry creeks or streams or enough water accumulates for streams to overtop their banks, causing rapid rises of water in a short amount of time.
Since it was discovered in 1930, Pluto was thought to be the Solar System's ninth planet.
In the late 1970s, the minor planet 2060 Charon was found and people learned that Pluto had a small size.
Many countries have created legislation or have passed laws about the use of computers and data.
Perestroika, which means restructuring in the Russian language, was a series of changes to the structure of the Soviet economy.
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev started the policy in 1986.
This happened only a few years before the Soviet Union dissolved into 15 new countries.
Many historians argue that it was a major reason that the Soviet Union fell apart.
Perestroika was introduced around the same time as Gorbachev's glasnost reforms, which loosened restrictions on the media and allowed for criticism of the government.
It was the first time such changes were implemented in the Soviet Union, and uncovered a lot of secrets about how the Soviet system operated.
It also uncovered events which the public were unaware of, such as Chernobyl occurring three days before any announcement was put out, or the deals that Stalin made with Hitler during WWII.
In April 2018 he again was hospitalized after a heart attack and fell into a coma.
The name M&M comes from the founder’s name Forrest E.
Mars Sr.
The other M comes from the name of the son of the president of the Hershey Company, Bruce Murrie.
The Mars Company started printing the white M on the candy in 1950.
Yuji Yabu (born 24 May 1984) is a Japanese football player.
He plays for Ventforet Kofu.
Fatty acids may be either saturated or unsaturated.
Unsaturated compounds have reactive double bonds; saturated ones do not.
Kya Dark Lineage is about a girl named Kya.
Kya gets thrown into another world with her brother Frank.
Kya ends up helping creatures called Nativs.
Nativs are little cat people.
The Nativs are being attacked by Brazul, Kya's father who has powerful magic and turns Nativs into creatures called Wolfun.
Wolfun are bad, Kya can fight Wolfun and defeat them.
She can also turn them back into Nativs.
Though he loves Pluto, the narrator begins to suffer from violent mood swings, predominantly due to the influence of alcohol.
He takes to mistreating not only the other animals but also his wife.
During this uncontrollable rage, he spares only Pluto.
After returning home quite drunk one night, the narrator lashes out at Pluto.
Believing the cat has avoided him, he vengefully grasps the cat, only to be bitten on the hand.
In demonic retaliation, the narrator pulls a penknife from his pocket and cuts out one of the cat’s eyes.
Though the narrator wakes the next morning with a partial feeling of remorse, he is unable to reverse the newly ominous course of his black soul.
Ignored for certain now by the wounded cat, the narrator soon seeks further retaliation.
He is overwhelmed by a spirit of PERVERSENESS, and sets out to commit wrong for the sake of wrong.
He hangs Pluto from the limb of a tree one morning.
As with Pluto, the narrator experiences a great fondness for the mysterious cat, which no one has seen before.
The cat becomes part of the household, much adored by his wife as well.
However, following the earlier pattern, the narrator soon cannot resist feelings of hatred for the cat.
These murderous sentiments intensify when the narrator discovers that the cat’s splash of white fur has mysteriously taken on the shape of the gallows, the structure on which a hanging takes place.
The white fur reveals the mode of execution that claimed Pluto, and the narrator pledges revenge.
One day, descending into the cellar of the building with his wife, the narrator almost trips over the cat.
Enraged, the narrator grabs an axe to attack the cat, but his wife defends the animal.
Further angered by this interference, the narrator turns his rage at his wife and buries the axe in her head.
Faced with the evidence of his crime, the narrator considers many options for the body’s disposal, including dismemberment and burial.
The narrator eventually decides to take advantage of the damp walls in the basement and entomb the body behind their plaster.
Without any difficulty, the narrator creates a tomb in n the plaster wall, thereby hiding the body and all traces of his murder.
When he finally turns to the cat, it is missing, and he concludes that it has been frightened away by his anger.
Much like “The Tell-Tale Heart, “The Black Cat follows the narrator’s descent into madness after he proclaims his sanity in the tale’s opening paragraph.
Even the narrator acknowledges the “wild nature of the tale, attempting thereby to separate his mental condition from the events of the plot.
The nature of the narrator’s madness differs from that of the narrator of “The Tell-Tale Heart.
“The Black Cat does not concern itself only with the self-contained nature of the narrator’s mind.
Rather, the narrator confesses an alcoholism that interferes with his grasp on reality and produces mood swings.
Alcohol is, like the cat, an external agent that intrudes on the dynamics of the plot.
The introduction of alcohol as a plot device is also significant because Edgar Allan Poe was an reputedly uncontrollable drunk throughout his lifetime.
For many years, his biographers asserted that he died of alcohol poisoning in a gutter in Baltimore.
More recent biographies insist that the exact cause of Poe’s death cannot be determined.
Regardless, it is certain that Poe suffered from the deleterious effects of alcohol consumption throughout his life.
Bacterial meningitis is meningitis caused by bacteria.
It is almost always fatal without antibiotics.
Hypercalcemia is too much calcium in the body.
It is usually caused by either cancer or parathyroid disease.
If hypercalcemia is severe, it may cause changes in mental status.
Other symptoms can include nausea, abdominal pain, constipation, and thirst.
The NHL All-Star Game SuperSkills Competition, at first called the National Hockey League All-Star Skills Competition, is an event on the night before the NHL All-Star Game.
First held at the 41st National Hockey League All-Star Game in Pittsburgh in 1990, the NHL hosts the competition to show off the skills of the all-star players.
Events include shot accuracy, fastest skater, puck control relay, hardest shot, breakaway challenge, and an elimination shootout.
Players are put into teams in the same way the All-Star Game is done, which is by conferences.
After each event, the winning conference is given points.
This event is to show who is the fastest skater while also moving the puck through pylons.
Two races happen; the first one has three skaters on each team race against each other, and the second has the best single racers from each team.
One point is given out to the winner of each of these two events.
The Smythe Division was one of the playing divisions of the National Hockey League (NHL).
It was formed in 1974, and was part of the new Clarence Campbell Conference.
A conference is a group of divisions.
The division was named after Conn Smythe, owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1927 to 1961.
In 1993, the league divisions changed, and most of the Smythe Division became the Pacific Division.
The Smythe Division won the Stanley Cup six times.
The Canucks were the only team moved from the old East Division.
The Blackhawks, Blues, and North Stars were moved from the old West Division.
The Scouts were a new team.
The Scouts now play as the New Jersey Devils.
The North Stars now play as the Dallas Stars.
The new Patrick Division was also in the Clarence Campbell Conference.
The other conference was the Prince of Wales Conference.
The East Division and the new Adams Division were in the Prince of Wales Conference.
This was the first year for conferences in the NHL.
The old West Division teams were moved into all of the new divisions.
In 1976, the Scouts moved to Denver, Colorado and started playing as the Colorado Rockies.
In 1981, the NHL changed the conference and division lineups.
A number of teams moved to new divisions and conferences.
The Blackhawks and the Blues left the Smythe Division for the Norris Division, which was now a part of the Clarence Campbell Conference.
In 1982 the Rockies moved to the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey and started playing as the New Jersey Devils.
They also joined the Patrick Division.
The division lineup stayed the same until 1991, when a new team, the San Jose Sharks was formed in San Jose, California and joined the Smythe Division.
The carambola has been growing in parts of Asia for hundreds of years.
It may have first been in Sri Lanka and Moluccas.
Malaysia grows the most carambola in the world and it also grows in Bangladesh.
After seeing that the Lost Levels was too hard, they did not release it in North America and Europe.
Instead they remade Doki Doki Panic with Mario characters.
You can play as Mario, Luigi, Toad and Peach, each with their own powers and abilities.
They need to free Subcon from the evil frog Wart.
The game has been included in remakes, such as Super Mario All-Stars and on Virtual Console.
In 2014, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps.
Şahin began his carrier 2005.
He played his first match on 23rd June 2005 against Sigma Olmütz and became the youngest international player for Dortmund.
On 6th August he became the youngest player in the Bundesliga at the match against VfL Wolfsburg.
In 1977, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield took a course on ice cream making at Pennsylvania State University.
On May 5, 1978, they opened a first ice cream shop.
It was in a gas station in Burlington, Vermont.
One year later, they had the first free cone day.
This is now a celebration all over the world.
The use of tables is widespread in all types of communication, research and data analysis.
Tables appear in print media, handwritten notes, computer software, architectural ornamentation, traffic signs and many other places.
The details vary according to circumstances.
Tables are extremely flexible, and can easily be constructed on computer and in print.
Japan is surrounded by the ocean so there is a rich variety of seafood which is an important part of Japanese cooking.
Wasabi is sold as a paste or in powder form.
Wasabi powder has to be mixed with water to be turned into a paste.
Wasabi has a strong, very spicy (hot) taste.
Sashimi is very thinly cut raw seafood.
Many different kinds of fresh fish and other seafood are served raw in Japanese dishes.
Sashimi is one of them.
It is almost the same as sushi, but it has no vinegar rice.
When the slices of fish are put on small pieces of rice they are called Nigiri Sushi.
Sashimi is artistically arranged and put on the plate on top of shredded daikon and shiso leaves.
The fish pieces are dipped into soya sauce before being eaten.
Once the Allied commanders decided to attack France, they used flat-bottomed landing craft made to carry troops onto beaches.
These special landing boats were called LCA and LCVP's or Higgins boats.
British navy sailors sailed them.
The boats were lowered into the sea a few kilometers away from the cliffs.
The British had added some extra armour to the sides of the boats to protect them.
This made it harder for the boats to move fast and turn.
In December 1607, Smith was looking for food and was captured by Native Americans.
He was taken to meet the Chief of the Powhatan tribe.
The village was about 15 miles from Jamestown.
Smith was released without harm and gave credit in part to the chief's daughter, Pocahontas, who threw herself across his body.
Seeing this, her father took mercy on Smith and he was safely taken back to Jamestown.
This encounter began a friendly relationship between the natives, Smith and the colonists at Jamestown.
In the summer of 1608, Smith left Jamestown to explore the Chesapeake Bay region and search for badly needed food.
He made a map that would be of great value to Virginia explorers for over a century.
In his absence, Smith left his friend Matthew Scrivener, as governor in his place.
Scrivener would later drown in a storm in an ill-fated voyage to Hog Island.
Smith was elected president of the local council in September 1608 and instituted strict rules.
Smith found that there were those among both the settlers and Native Americans who did not like his rules and were planning to kill him.
Smith wrote that he was warned by Pocahontas.
He called a meeting and told the men who did not work that “he that will not work shall not eat… After that the situation improved.
Niko Kovač (born 15 October 1971) is a former Croatian football player.
He has played for Croatia national team.
He was born in Berlin (Germany) and so he started his career with his local club Hertha Zehlendorf.
There he became member of its first team at the age of 17.
1991 he went to Hertha BSC and started his professional career in the Second German League.
1996 he went to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Bundesliga, where he played together with his younger brother Robert.
The next clubs were Hamburger SV, Bayern Munich, where he was again teammate of his brother and again Hertha BSC.
After the 2006 FIFA World Cup he signed with F.C.
Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
On 29 May 2009 he resigned from professional football.
His last match was a friendly match of Red Bull Salzburg against Bayern Munich.
During his career he played 454 matches and scored 56 goals.
He played from 1996 (versus Monaco) till 2009 for the Croatian national team.
He played 83 matches and scored 15 goals.
He was part of the Croation team for the FIFA World Cup 2002 and 2006 and the UEFA Euro 2004 and 2008.
WebKit is a layout engine made to let web browsers show web pages.
The WebKit engine has a set of classes to display web content in windows, and implements browser features such as following links when clicked by the person using the web browser (the user), managing a back-forward list, and keeping a history of pages recently visited.
Floodlights were installed in 1953, and in 1957, prompted by the hosting of two FA Cup semi-finals in successive years, the side facing the Main Stand (which until that time was generally known as the Popular Side) was redeveloped and named The Kippax Stand after a nearby street.
Over the course of the 1960s and 1970s, the Kippax became the part of the ground where the club's most vociferous fans congregated.
In 1963, benches were installed at the Platt Lane end, meaning that Maine Road had more seats than any other English club ground of the time.
The next major redevelopment came in the 1970s, with the construction of the North Stand, a cantilevered stand which remained in place until the closure of Maine Road.
The 1980s saw ambitious plans for improvements: however, these plans were shelved due to financial pressures after the Main Stand roof had been replaced at a cost of £1 million.
During the series, Australia and New Zealand played additional Tests against France.
The draw was held on Friday, 29 June 2007 at 13:30 CET in Nyon, Switzerland.
It was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Michele Centenaro, UEFA's head of club competitions.
The matches were played on 19 July and 2 August 2007.
The draw was held on Friday, 3 August 2007 at 13:00 CET in Nyon, Switzerland.
It was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Giorgio Marchetti, UEFA's director of professional football.
The matches were played on 16 August and 30 August 2007.
The draw was held on Friday, 31 August 2007 at 13:00 CET in Monaco.
It was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Gérard Houllier, the winning coach in the 2000–01 tournament.
The matches were played on 20 September and 4 October 2007.
Andreas Ivanschitz (; born 15 October 1983) is a former Austrian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
He began his career in his local club ASK baumgarten where he played till 1989.
He was discovered by SK Rapids scouts and changed to SK Rapid Wien.
He was only 16 years old when he played his first match for Rapid in an Austrian Cup match against WSK Ranshofen.
His debut in the first league he made in 2000 versus Wüstenrot Salzburg.
He played 147 matches and scored 25 goals for Rapid.
In 2006 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg but in summer he went to Greece playing with Panathinaikos.
In 2009 he went on loan to 1.
FSV Mainz 05 in the German Bundesliga.
In 2011 he signed a permanent contract with Mainz.
A glioma is a type of brain tumor that starts in the glial cells.
An alternative statement of this problem is, given a set of numbers and an integer x determine whether or not there exist a subset that sums up to x.
Yun was a human and civil right activist and part of the national liberation movement, member of an independent club, member of the 10,000 people club and managing editor of an independent news paper.
Yun Chi-ho was born in Asan to a notable family.
His father Yun Ung-ryeol was an illegitimate son of his grandfather Yun Chwe-dong.
Super Junior-K.R.Y.
sings many slow songs that show-off the voices of the singer.
Super Junior-T sings songs in a trot style.
Super Junior-M sings in Chinese and their main audience is not Korean, but Chinese.
It is part of the Kymenlaakso region in southern Finland.
The centre of Kotka is located at Kotkansaari island.
In the brain, the basal ganglia is a group of nuclei interconnected with the cerebral cortex, thalamus, and brainstem.
They do various things: motor control, cognition, emotions, and learning.
Hao Haidong (born 25 August 1970) is a former Chinese football player.
He has played for China PR national team.
Emanuel Pogatetz (born 16 January 1983) is an Austrian football player.
He plays for Hannover 96 in the German Bundesliga and the Austria national team.
Park was a member of the Korean team in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing.
Along with the GameStop pre-order special, there are many other pre-order bonuses through other game stores.
These game stores are throughout North America, Europe, and Australia.
These are the War Horse and the Golden Guns.
The War Horse is a black horse with a white mane, tail and markings thought as rare as well as being faster and having more health than any other horse in the game.
The Golden Guns reward increases fame with each kill.
This allows users to progress much faster up the ladder of fame.
The official online Rockstar Games store, the Rockstar Warehouse, offers a Red Dead Redemption T-shirt as the pre-order bonus.
With some countries getting the Golden Guns and the War Horse, all will have the Deadly Assassin outfit along with the first soundtrack.
There have been many attempts to make films based on Gibson's writing.
Most of these have never been completed.
In his fiction and non-fiction, Gibson often writes about cities.
He thinks many cities are losing variety.
One way of describing this is Disneylanding.
According to oral traditions written down by missionaries in the 1860s, the island originally had a very clear class system, with an ariki, high chief, who had great power over nine other clans and their chiefs.
Rick Perry became the frontrunner (person with the highest amount of support who is expected to win, according to polls) of the party, ahead of Romney in the polls.
Rick Perry then had several bad debates and in one of them, he said he wanted to remove 3 government departments, but forgot one of them.
After these mistakes, Perry's poll numbers went down.
Epidemiologists aim to understand the causes of health problems by looking at the relationship between agents, hosts, and environmental factors that affect health.
Using these information, they also design public health interventions to solve various health problems in populations.
They regularly evaluate the health of populations, try to identify which populations have greater risk from specific causes of diseases, and evaluate the intervention programs or methods that they create.
Epidemiology is the foundation of public health and preventative medicine practices.
There are two types of epidemiology: descriptive and analytic.
Descriptive epidemiology aims to describe the distribution of people who gets sick (compared with those who don't) with regards to time, place, and person (TPP).
It can be thought of as answering the questions of when, who, and what respectively.
It investigates when a health issue or disease first emerged in a population, who in the population are getting sick, and where the disease/health condition seems to have started and spread from.
Analytic epidemiology then uses the data provided by TPP to make and test hypothesis which aim to determine the cause of an outbreak or disease cluster in a population.
Epidemiologists evaluate morbidity (people who are sick or injured) and mortality to understand the burden of disease among populations.
Surveillance studies provide the numerical data and statistics that epidemiologists use.
Surveillance studies are done to monitor the health of populations and help with identifying any new health problems or disease that may develop, as well as evaluating the effectiveness of existing health intervention measures in place.
These studies also rely on TPP to collect data and present it in simple graphs and tables which are easy to summarize and understand.
These studies are especially important in helping guide policy making decisions and helping epidemiologists understand which interventions work and which don't.
It is also important for donors as they rely on surveillance data to analyze the usefulness of their investments and whether it is being used effectively or not.
The Persian physician Avicenna in the 1020s, discovered the contagious nature of tuberculosis and sexually transmitted disease.
He noted the distribution of disease through water and soil.
Avicenna said that bodily secretion is contaminated by foul foreign earthly bodies before being infected.
He introduced the method of quarantine to limit the spread of contagious disease.
The Black Death (bubonic plague) reached Al Andalus in the 14th century.
Ibn Khatima thought infectious diseases were caused by minute bodies which enter the human body and cause disease.
Another Andalusian-Arabian physician, Ibn al-Khatib (1313–1374) in his treatise On the Plague stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and through garments, vessels and earrings.
Girolamo Fracastoro from Verona suggested these very small, unseeable, particles that cause disease were alive.
They were able to spread by air, and multiply.
They could be destroyed by fire.
He refuted Galen's miasma theory (poison gas in sick people).
In 1543, Fracastoro's book De contagione et contagiosis morbis suggested personal and environmental hygiene to prevent disease.
Dr.
John Snow investigated the causes of the 19th Century Cholera epidemics.
He noticed the significantly higher death rates in two areas supplied by Southwark Water Company.
He showed the Broad Street pump was the origin of the Soho epidemic, a classic example of epidemiology He used chlorine in an attempt to clean the water and had the pump handle removed.
This stopped the outbreak.
It was a major event in the history of public health, and the founding event of the science of epidemiology.
Epidemiological studies makes use of both experimental and observational studies.
Epidemiological investigations may lead to a reductionist or limited point of view, medical anthropology provides a more holistic view of the problem and examines the issue from different angles to best understand and help the populations in need.
Another critical contribution of medical anthropology has been with critical qualitative data.
It provides rich sources of information on understanding the population's subjective experiences.
It provides qualitative data explaining why a particular intervention or treatment may have failed among a particular population.
Their main contributions have been helping develop epidemiological surveys by taking into account word choice and the social suitability of questions.
Medical anthropologists have played a large role in helping locals better understand the objectives of epidemiologists and helped them become more receptive of their investigations.
Medical anthropology helps explain health phenomenon and create and test hypothesis relating to such explanations.
While epidemiology is good at understanding numerical patterns and biological causes for disease/health conditions, it is unable to fully explain all the factors that underlie certain diseases/health conditions.
This is a gap that medical anthropology has been able to pick up on and complement by providing rich qualitative data which looks at health and diseases from a holistic perspective.
The Planck constant has dimensions of physical action: energy multiplied by time, or momentum multiplied by distance.
In SI units, the Planck constant is expressed in joule seconds (J⋅s) or (N⋅m⋅s) or (kg⋅m⋅s).
Planck h=WL= Wb/2P 4C/3X=2WbC/3XP.
In 1678, Christiaan Huygens wrote the book Traité de la lumiere (Treatise on light).
He believed that light was made up of waves.
He said that light could not be made up of particles because light from two beams do not bounce off each other.
The Planck constant is of importance in many applications.
A few are listed below.
Planck units are sometimes used in quantum mechanics instead of SI.
In this system the reduced Planck constant has a value of 1, so the value of the Planck constant is 2π.
Here, formula_12 is the permeability of free space, formula_13 is the speed of light, formula_14 is the electric charge of electron, formula_15 is the Bohr's radius, and formula_16 is the frequency of revolution of the electron in a hydrogen atom formula_17.
When these constant values are substituted to the theoretical Planck constant, the theoretical Planck constant value is exactly equal to the experimental value.
On 17 October 2008 it was announced that Eriksen had signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Amsterdam-based Ajax.
The transfer fee received by OB was estimated at €1 million (£847,199).
He worked his way through the youth teams, and was promoted to the first team squad in January 2010, where he was given the number 51 shirt.
Within the month, he made his first team debut for the Dutch team in the Eredivisie on 17 January 2010 against NAC Breda.
Ajax manager Martin Jol compared him to the likes of Ajax youth products Wesley Sneijder and Rafael van der Vaart and described him as a good reader of the game in the traditional number 10 role like the two Dutch internationals and Danish legend Michael Laudrup, who also played for Ajax.
Eriksen started the 2010–11 season well, scoring his first Ajax league goal on 29 August 2010 in an away victory over De Graafschap.
On 11 November 2010, Eriksen scored his first goal at the Amsterdam ArenA a 3–0 Cup victory over BV Veendam.
In December, Eriksen was named Danish Talent of the Year.
Several days after receiving this award, Eriksen once again proved his value to Ajax by scoring the only goal in a 0–1 away league victory over Vitesse.
On 17 February 2011, Eriksen scored his first goal in a European tournament, the Ajax goal to 2–0, when Ajax beat Anderlecht 3–0 in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League.
On 13 March 2011, Eriksen scored a solo goal, running from the half way line to finish it off with a strike to secure a 3–1 win over Willem II.
Foster is a member of the board of Trustees for the architectural charity Article 25.
They design, construct and manage safe, sustainable buildings in dangerous parts of the world.
He has also been on the Board of Trustees of The Architecture Foundation.
The sixth and final season of the American television series Lost began broadcast in the United States and Canada on February 2, 2010.
In the final 18 TV episodes, the writers showed the fate of the remaining survivors, and explained the powers which the Island held in their lives.
The sixth-season premiere was the first to climb in the ratings year-over-year since the second season, drawing 12.1 million viewers.
The series finale aired on May 23, 2010.
The final episode ran 2.5 hours starting at 9/8 CDT, pushing the late-night news back a half-hour.
It was followed by the previously announced post-finale special, Jimmy Kimmel Live: Aloha to Lost, at 12:05 a.m.
(11:05 CDT).
The season continued the stories of the survivors of the fictional September 22, 2004 crash of Oceanic Airlines Flight 815, on an unknown island in the South Pacific.
The survivors must deal with two outcomes of the explosion of a nuclear bomb on the island in the 1970s.
While the on-island story continues, a set of flash sideways scenes show a second timeline, in which Flight 815 never crashes.
The season was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 24, 2010, alongside a complete series boxset.
The season premiered on February 2, 2010, with a double-length episode (two hours including commercials) preceded by a one-hour clip show, entitled Lost: Final Chapter.
The show continued from February 9 at its new timeslot of Tuesdays at 9 pm, with a total of 18 episodes airing in 16 broadcasts, ending with a two and a half hour, two-part series finale, the latter part of which aired Sunday, May 23, 2010.
Additionally, the first hour of the premiere episode was screened to an estimated 15,000 fans on Waikiki Beach on January 30.
In the following table, Series # refers to the episode's number in the overall series, whereas Season # refers to the episode's number in this particular season.
U.S.
viewers in millions refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episodes live or recorded them and watched them within seven days of broadcast.
The Tweenies is an British TV show for children shown on BBC in the United Kingdom.
The show is set in a preschool attended by the four Tweenies: Milo, Jake, Bella and Fizz, also with two adults Max and Judy, and two dogs, Doodles and Izzles.
The theme song is Hey, hey, are you ready to play.
It was first shown on September 6, 1999.
It is made by Tell-Tale Productions and Nick Jr.
Productions.
Hit songs from the show include I Believe In Christmas, Number 1 which went into the Top 10, Best Friends Forever, Do The Lollipop, Have Fun, Go Mad!
which went into the Top 20.
They also have a number 56 hit album and a number 34 hit Christmas album.
Video games include an action game by BBC Multimedia/Tell-Tale called Tweenies: Doodles' Bones which was released in 2005 and a compilation game by BBC Multimedia/Various called Tweenies: Game Time which was released in 2003.
Pavel Eljanov (born 1983) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster.
The channel also shows international games, typically on Saturday evenings, with special emphasis on the Euroleague and the Maccabi Tel Aviv team from Israel.
In April 2005, the channel televised the Chinese Basketball Association finals for the first time.
HBO Asia airs a separate PAY TV feed with commercial breaks for viewers in South Asia.
The channel is labeled as HBO South Asia and often referred to as HBO India since it specifically caters to the Indian market.
All movie promos in this beam are according to IST The channel is also available to viewers in Bangladesh and the Maldives.
HBO South Asia took over the rights for DreamWorks movies from STAR Movies in June 2008.
The National Geographic Channel, also known as Nat Geo, is an Asian subscription television channel.
It has non-fiction, programming involving nature, science, culture, and history.
These programs are made by the National Geographic Society, just like Educational Broadcasting System, History Channel, the Discovery Channel and British Broadcasting Corporation.
Following Edwards' disappearance, Bradfield, Moore, and Wire kept with the Manic Street Preachers and went on to gain critical and commercial success.
They became one of Britain's top rock bands.
They have had eight top ten albums and fifteen top ten singles.
They have reached number one three times, with their 1998 album This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours and the singles If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next (1998) and The Masses Against The Classes (2000).
They have also won the Best British Album and Best British Group accolades at the BRIT Awards in 1997 and 1999, and were lauded by the NME for their lifetime achievements in 2008.
Their ninth studio album, Journal For Plague Lovers, was released on 18 May 2009 and features lyrics Edwards had left behind to the band weeks before his disappearance.
A manicure is the act of beautifying one's hands or fingernails.
Manicures can be done at home or by a professional in a nail salon.
A dietitian or dietician is an expert in food and nutrition.
Dietitians help promote good health through proper eating.
They often write custom diets for people.
In a medical setting they can give food supplements for those people who cannot get what they need because of swallowing problems.
The term nutritionist is widely used as it is not controlled like the title dietitian, but the word nutritionist can be used without having the qualifications of registered dietitians.
A nutritionist is not a dietitian as he is not registered to a national board and does not have the same qualifications.
Dietitians are important in the medical multidisciplinary team because they are experts in nutrition and can give advice to doctors, nurses, and other health care workers.
The average human erect penis is about in length, the circumference is about .
There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race, and shoe size or stretched penis size.
At birth the penis is between , at the beginning of puberty, it is 6 cm.
Penis size does not change much during adulthood.
A review about penis size was published in 2015 by Veale et al.
This review analyzes many studies which published in past 30 years.
Petri Pasanen (born 24 September 1980) is a Finnish football player.
He plays for F.C.
Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga and the Finland national team.
He plays as central defender but also can play left or right back.
An abundant number is a number formula_1 for which its sum of divisors is greater than formula_2.
12 is an abundant number because formula_3.
If a number is not abundant, it is called either deficient or perfect.
Medical microbiologist is also involved in teaching at all levels, and in research.
It provided the development of vaccines against invading organisms.
Deadly and debilitating diseases such as small pox, polio, and tuberculosis have been either eradicated or become more treatable.
The commutative property says that the order of the numbers when adding or multiplying can be changed without changing the answer.
For example, both formula_1 and formula_2 are equal to 10, and both formula_3 and formula_4 are equal to 35.
This can be done with any numbers, or with more than two numbers.
The Turkish passenger ship Cruse Liner MV Mavi Marmara was trying to take Turkish and Cypriot aid to the Gaza Strip on May the 31st, when the Israeli Navy found it.
The 3 year old blockade was upheld by Flotilla 13.
The Mavi Marmara was 40 miles from the Gaza Strip when it was raided.
27 British activists, 9 Palestinian, 8 Turks, 2 Irish, 1 Swedish, 1 South African, 1 American and 1 Albanian were on the Mavi Marmara, along with a few others.
The Mavi Marmara was followed by the Irish passenger ship MV Rachel Corrie and 4 other minor vessels.
The ships carried a total of 663-682 activists and aid workers, including several Turks, several Malaysians another American, an Australian, and a Belgian.
Since 2009, he has been active in India's professional football league.
In 2011, coaches in the I-League named Sueoka as the best player.
A wheel loader or a shovel uses a controlled arm to put materials into a dumptruck, onto a conveyor belt or a feed hopper.
Possible materials are: asphalt, demolition debris, dirt, feed, gravel, logs, raw minerals, recycled material, rock, sand, wood chips, etc.
She joined the United Nations in March 1983 and held a number of positions in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, the Office of the Under-Secretaries-General for Special Political Affairs in New York, and the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) in Jerusalem.
Buttenheim holds a Master's degree in international economics and Middle East studies from Johns Hopkins University’s School of Advanced International Studies, in Washington, D.C., and a bachelor's degree in political science and English from Stanford University.
Importance sampling typically refers to a Monte Carlo method for sampling from a (target) distribution that cannot be sampled from directly.
The method works by sampling from a proposal distribution (P(x)), which is ideally similar to the target distribution (Q(x)), and weighting each sample by the ratio of the likelihoods at the sampled point: w(x) = Q(x)/P(x).
A bedbug (or bed bug) is a small, elusive, parasitic insect of the family Cimicidae.
They live by feeding on the blood of humans and other warm-blooded animals.
Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot (born 1988) is a Kenyan marathon runner.
Cheruiyot was the winner of the 2010 Boston Marathon, setting a course record.
He finished fifth in the 2009 Boston Marathon.
Bellatrix Lestrange (née Bellatrix Black) is a fictional character of the Harry Potter series and is the sister of Narcissa Malfoy, the wife of Lucius Malfoy, and Draco Malfoy's aunt.
Her parents are Cygnus Black III and Druella Black (née Rosier) and the eldest of three sisters: Bellatrix, Andromeda and Narcissa.
She is an enthusiastic Death Eater who believes that Lord Voldemort is the supreme and everyone should follow him.
She marries Rodolphus Lestrange, but it was Voldemort that she truly loved.
In the Harry Potter movies she was played by Helena Bonham Carter.
She has been to Azkaban, the wizard prison, but Lord Voldemort helped her and the other Death Eaters in Azkaban escape.
She is killed by Molly Weasley at the end of book 7 when she attempts to kill Ginny Weasley with the killing curse Avada Kedavra.
But her infamous legacy lived on through her illegitimate daughter, Delphini, who was born due to Bellatrix's relationship with Lord Voldemort.
He played for Corinthians for seven years, but not always a starter.
But never declined an opportunity to enter the field, especially for its versatility.
Originally a steering wheel, played on both sides, in the core of defense after the half and attack.
All wore shirts possible, except for the number 1, the goalkeeper.
On June 22, 2002, Okada died of heart failure in Hachioji at the age of 75.
On January 15, 2023, Miyata turned 100 years old.
Rot Weiss Ahlen is a football club which plays in Germany.
After the first relegation from the 2.
Bundesliga the club was renamed from LR Ahlen into Rot Weiss Ahlen, because of retirement of the main sponsor LR International.
After the Second World War the 8 local clubs formed TuS Ahlen in 1948.Leichtathletik Rasensport Ahlen was formed on 1 June 1996 when TuS Ahlen merged with Blau-Weiß Ahlen to begin play in the Regionalliga West/Südwest in 1996–97.
2009 they were relegated from the 2.
Bundesliga and next season from 3rd league due to insolvency.
At present they play in the NRW-Liga.
Pill bugs have the typical lifespan of an Isopod, living two years average and five years maximum.
All times are given in South African Standard time (UTC+2).
Stevenson found that the best evidence supporting the belief in reincarnation comes from the cases of young children who, typically between the ages of 2 and 5, make statements about a previous life they claim to have had before being born.
Their statements are often accompanied by behaviour that is unusual for their family but appropriate for the life that the child claims to remember.
There is often a forgetting of the imaged memories between the ages of 5 and 8; a high incidence of violent death claimed in the claimed previous life; and mention of the mode of death by the subject.
Handedness is the preference for using either the left or the right side of the body for certain things.
People are described as left-handed or right-handed when they prefer to write with their left or their right hand.
They may prefer the use of certain hands for certain tasks.
In 2014, Berkshire Hathaway bought the Duracell.
Before the arrival of Europens, Cockatoo Island was used by the Aboriginal tribes who live in the Sydney area.
Kim has played in over 100 international matches.
When we speak (or listen), our attention is focused on words rather than body language.
But our judgement includes both.
An audience is simultaneously processing both verbal and nonverbal cues.
Body movements are not usually positive or negative in and of themselves; rather, the situation and the message will determine the appraisal.
Pair production is more common if the photon has a lot of energy.
It is also more common if the nucleus has a bigger atomic number.
Pair production usually happens with energy levels over 25 MeV.
Pair production happens sometimes in radiation therapy treatments that use photon beams with a lot of energy.
With Galloway defeated, O'Shaunessy continued to dominate by again defending his title against Vampiro on 17 March.
Galloway earned himself a two out of three falls match against the champion the following day which O'Shaunessy won two falls to one; the next day produced the same result in a match O'Shaunessy claimed was his best on the independent circuit.
With Galloway briefly answered, O'Shaunessy took on the newcomer Pierre Marcaeu and defeated him in two successive title matches only to find Galloway had earned another shot.
With their rivalry intensifying, Galloway's next challenge to O'Shaunnesy was given the stipulation of a Last Man Standing match.
O'Shaunessy retained the title, as he also did in June with the same stipulation.
Finally, on 28 August, O'Shaunessy lost the IwW International Heavyweight Championship in a singles match to Galloway in what would be his last appearance with the promotion.
His rivalry with Benjamin ended because Sheamus had already been moved to the Raw brand.
He made his Raw debut by defeating Jamie Noble on 26 October.
In the following weeks, he continued to attack Noble causing him to retire, and, in lieu of competition, assaulted the timekeeper and commentator Jerry Lawler on November 16 at Madison Square Garden.
Sheamus won a break-through battle royal for wrestlers who had never won a world championship, to become the number one contender to John Cena's WWE Championship.
At the contract signing immediately afterwards, Sheamus put Cena through the table as the Raw guest host Jesse Ventura announced it would be a Table match.
On 13 December, at the pay-per-view, Sheamus defeated Cena to win the WWE Championship, his first championship in WWE, making him the first Irish-born WWE Champion.
The following night on Raw, Sheamus was awarded the 2009 Breakout Superstar of the Year Slammy Award.
On 21 February, Sheamus lost the WWE Championship at the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view in the Elimination Chamber match after he was eliminated by Triple H.
During the match, Sheamus suffered a concussion and as a result did not attend Raw the following night.
Upon his return, he took revenge on Triple H with an attack to set up a match at WrestleMania XXVI that Sheamus lost.
The following month at Extreme Rules, Sheamus attacked Triple H at the beginning of the show and later defeated him in a Street Fight.
After a series of kicks to the head to win, he continued his assault after the match finished resulting in Triple H being written off television for ten months.
She was born in Eisenach and studied medicine.
She joined the CDU in 1981 and, after East Germany's only free elections, held in March 1990, became a member of the Volkskammer.
On 5 April 1990 she became the President of the Volkskammer and, as the Council of State of the German Democratic Republic had been abolished, head of state of East Germany - the only woman to hold the post.
When threatened, the beetle contracts muscles that force the two reactants through tubes into a mixing chamber containing water and enzymes.
The reactants undergo a violent chemical reaction which gives off heat.
This raises the temperature to near the boiling point of water.
Wonderful speech from Hiroshi Kagawa during the ceremony.
Even the hardened of footballers will have lumps in their throats.
I'm very proud to attend this wonderful ceremony, he begins.
This is the greatest honour to be presented with this award.
Mating involves long pairings.
A record among insects, the Indian stick insect Necroscia sparaxes was seen coupled for 79 days at a time.
It is not uncommon for this species to assume the mating posture for days or weeks on end, and among some species (Diapheromera veliei Walsh and D.
Covilleae), pairing has been seen to last three to 136 hours in captivity.
Çatalhöyük was a very large Neolithic and Chalcolithic settlement in southern Anatolia, which existed from approximately 7500 BC to 5700 BC.
It is the largest and most well preserved Neolithic site found to date.
The site is in Turkey.
The population was about 6,000 and the food they ate was mainly wheat, barley and rice.
Catal Huyuk had no roads, so dwellings were accessed via hatches or trap doors in the roofs of the buildings, which were in turn entered via ladders.
No trace of a central government has ever been found at Çatalhöyük.
The highest temperature ever recorded in Penang was 40.0°C (104.0°F) on 22 January 1976 and the lowest was 15.0°C (59.0°F) on 24 November 1979.
This equation is known as the Diophantine equation, and is related to Pythagoras' theorem.
The next highest triple is [5, 12, 13] then [7, 24, 25], and so on.
The first and most important presidential doctrine was the Monroe Doctrine by President James Monroe stated that the United States declared the right to have influence over Latin America and the U.S.
threatened war to any European country which interfered.
Before the Nexus joined together, they were contestants on the show, NXT.
At the end of the first season of the show, Wade Barrett was chosen to be the winner, and he got a WWE contract and a chance to face any champion he chose.
The seven losers of the show were left without a job.
On the June 7th Raw, the group debuted during a match between John Cena and CM Punk.
The Nexus attacked Punk, Cena, Luke Gallows, Jerry Lawler, Matt Striker, and other WWE employees.
The University of Melbourne is in Melbourne, Victoria.
Opened in 1853, it is the second oldest university in Australia, and the oldest in Victoria.
The main campus is in Parkville, just north of the Melbourne CBD.
It has several other campuses across Victoria.
It has one of the largest financial endowments of any Australian university, standing at $1.105bn as of 2008.
He became a grandmaster at the age of 14 years, 11 months and 20 days, making him the youngest grandmaster in the history of Italy and the United States.
Fabiano won the 2018 Candidates Tournament, which gave him the chance to play Magnus Carlsen for the title of World Chess Champion.
Norwich International Airport is an airport in the city of Norwich, United Kingdom.
There are two related competitive rebound sports: synchronized trampoline and double mini-trampoline.
Now who's got it from who?
The Strait of Gibraltar is the only water passage between the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea.
It is between Europe and Africa; on one side is the southern tip of Spain and Gibraltar, and on the other is northern Morocco and Ceuta.
The distance between the Rock of Gibraltar and Morocco is only 7.7 nautical miles (14.24 kilometers, 8.9 miles) at its narrowest point.
On August 27, the storm grew into a tropical storm and was named Fran.
On August 29, the storm intensified into a category 1 hurricane.
The interaction with Hurricane Edouard led to weakening and the storm took a northwestward direction.
When Edouard was gone, the storm grew into a category 1 hurricane again.
On September 6, the storm hit North Carolina with winds of .
Once on land, the storm rapidly weakened.
It moved through Virginia.
It died on September 8.
Minnesota was admitted to the Union on May 11, 1858.
The Red Pine (Pinus resinosa) is a pine native to northeastern North America.
The Red Pine grows in the area from Newfoundland west to southeast Manitoba, and south to northern Illinois and Pennsylvania, with a small outlying population in the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia.
In the Upper Midwest of the United States it is sometimes known by the confusing name Norway Pine even though it is not native to Norway.
Manipulative management acts on a population, either changing its numbers by direct means or influencing numbers by the indirect means of altering food supply, habitat, density of predators, or prevalence of disease.
This is appropriate when a population is to be harvested, or when it slides to an unacceptably low density or increases to an unacceptably high level.
Such densities are inevitably the subjective view of the land owner, and may be disputed by animal welfare interests.
Food poisoning is when someone gets sick from eating food or drink that has gone bad or is contaminated.
The stadium was built as a main stadium for the 13th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989.
Be our light through countless hours.
Grant true wisdom from above.
Jamaica, land we love.
Give us vision lest we perish.
Grant true wisdom from above.
Jamaica, land we love.
A Christian conservative village in the Lebanese mountain, wild nature and historical heritage.
Bob the Builder is broadcasted internationally and is available in several languages, including English, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Slovene, German, Dutch, Hebrew, Hindi, Serbo-Croatian, Bengali, and others.
The Thanksgiving USO tour included General James Cartwright, actor Wilmer Valderrama, and comedian Russell Peters.
They traveled 6 places in 6 days (Iraq, Afghanistan, Germany, Turkey, Africa, and Greenland).
The troops' appreciation was .
Although Veronica had decided not to do more calendars, she changed her mind and decided to do one in 2008, dedicating proceeds to the Wounded Warrior Project.
An American dance called the Boston arrived in England about 1903.
This had fairly slow, gliding steps.
It is a characteristic of the Foxtrot that in the basic steps, unlike the other dances, the feet slide past each other rather than coming together.
The Boston seems to have been the first dance to move the feet in this way.
The Boston also was the first ballroom dance to be done with feet parallel (rather than turned out, as in ballet).
The decade between 1910 and 1920, said one writer, was the period in which America went dance mad.
From 1912 through 1914, said another, over one hundred new dances found their way in and out of our fashionable ballrooms.
Market cap reflects only the equity value of a company.
A more comprehensive measure is enterprise value (EV), which includes debt and other factors.
The Mossad (, ) is the national intelligence agency of Israel.
The Mossad gathers intelligence information and performs secret operations, which include paramilitary activities.
Active drivers are in bold.
Active constructors are in bold.
Wwe TLC (2016) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), which took place on Sunday,December,19,2016 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City, Missouri.
The event was subsequently re-staged on 4 October 2011- at Ally Pally- whose main event featured Rob Corkum up against Richard Gizbert.
Torres was born in Boston, Massachusetts, but grew up in Denver, Colorado and has a Latina background.
She has one younger brother, Phillip, who appeared on Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?
in October 2008 and won $100,000.
She attended the University of Southern California on a full tuition scholarship.
During college, she was one of the founding members of the Omega Phi Beta sorority chapter on her campus and held the vice-president position for several years.
While in Omega Phi Beta, Torres was awarded for Academic Excellence at the Order of Omega Greek Awards.
She graduated with honors and a Grade Point Average above 3.5 in May 2006, with a degree in Industrial and Systems Engineering.
On the April 5 episode of Raw, Eve won a Dress to Impress battle royal to become the number one contender to the WWE Divas Championship, and the following week on Raw, she defeated Maryse to win the championship for the first time.
She successfully defended the championship against Maryse at the Over the Limit pay-per-view in May.
At the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view in June, Eve lost the championship in a fatal four-way match, when Alicia Fox pinned Maryse to win the championship.
On the July 5 episode of Raw, Eve invoked her rematch clause against Fox but was unsuccessful after Fox feigned an ankle injury.
As a result, she received another rematch at the Money in the Bank pay per-view, but lost again to Fox.
In mid-2010 she began acting as the valet for R-Truth.
During The Hills, she started dating Spencer Pratt.
She later married him, but the other people on The Hills, especially Conrad, hated Pratt.
Because of this, Montag and Pratt became portrayed as the villains of the series.
She appeared in the sitcom How I Met Your Mother, as herself, together with husband Spencer Pratt, in 2009.
An Australian aboriginal clan, Bunarong Tribe lived and hunted on French Island.
The first Europeans to discover the island were the French in April 1802.
A group from the ship, La Naturaliste, explored the area naming it Île de Françoise, (French Island).
Habitats range from coastal mangroves, swamps, heath, grasslands and blue gum forests.
Most koalas on the mainland of Australia suffer from the chlamydia disease.
French Island provides the world's most dense and disease free group of koalas.
They are often moved to repopulate diseased areas on the mainland.
Shelter is provided for more than 100 species of bush orchids, and 260 species of birds.
Significant species on the island include: King Quail, the critically endangered Orange-bellied Parrot, Fairy Tern, White-bellied Sea Eagle, Swamp Skink, Long-nosed Potoroo.
Banco Hispanoamericano was created in 1900.
Banco Central was created in 1919.
Banco Central and Banco Hispanoamericano merged.
Controversy was present as whether or not the team threw away their chances by having two inexperienced drivers as essentially their car had the same DNA as what is said to have been the best on the grid, Redbull Racing's RB5.
You can find an Easy Read explanation about the Convention here.
Easy Read is written in Simple English and has pictures to help people understand.
The Roman Forum was the central area around which ancient Rome developed.
Imagine is a song written and performed by English rock musician John Lennon.
It is the first track on his album Imagine, released in 1971.
Imagine was released as a single in the United States where it reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100.
When asked about the song in one of his last interviews, Lennon said that Imagine was as good as anything he had written with the Beatles.
The song is one of three Lennon solo songs, along with Instant Karma!
and Give Peace a Chance, in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
Rolling Stone ranked Imagine the 3rd greatest song of all time in their The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time issue.
David Archuleta sang the song in Season 7 of American Idol.
Oswald had been born in New Orleans, 2 months after his father died, and his mother moved him and 2 brothers to several different towns, while marrying a third husband for 3 years, 1945-48.
After attending 12 schools, around Fort Worth, New York City, and New Orleans, Oswald dropped out of 10th grade, at age 16, and worked as an office clerk/messenger.
Moving back to Texas in July 1956, Oswald entered 10th grade in Fort Worth, but quit school again, at age 17 in October, to join the U.S.
Marines, as had his brother Robert, after their half-brother John Pic joined the U.S.
Coast Guard.
In 1959, Oswald received a hardship discharge (for mother's health) to quit the Marines, but defected to the Soviet Union, for nearly 3 years.
Having married Marina, the daughter of a Soviet security official, he re-defected back to the U.S.
with her and their daughter, in June 1962.
Later, at an arranged press meeting, a reporter asked, Did you kill the President?
and Oswald – who by that time had been advised of the charge of murdering Tippit, but had not yet been arraigned in Kennedy's death – answered, his voice breaking, No, I have not been charged with that.
In fact, nobody has said that to me yet.
The first thing I heard about it was when the newspaper reporters in the hall asked me that question.
A reporter informed Oswald that he had been charged.
Oswald reacted shocked.
Often race tracks are the place where people will bet on animals and vehicles to win.
Who's Next is the fifth album by the English rock band The Who.
It was released on July 31, 1971 by Decca and MCA in the United States and August 25, 1971 in the United Kingdom through Track and Polydor.
Who's Next was a huge success when it was released, and has been certified 3x platinum by the RIAA.
Marlboro also sponsored the Alfa Romeo Formula One team between and .
Since their start in Formula One, Marlboro has also sponsored numerous teams and races.
Since the 1970s, Peter Sauber built sports cars.
After using turbocharged Mercedes V8 engines in the 1980s, his team became the official factory team of Mercedes-Benz, reviving the Silver Arrow legend.
They won the 24 hours of Le Mans and the World Sportscar Championship in 1989 and 1990, competing against Jaguar and Porsche.
Sebastian Vettel took his place in the United States Grand Prix and finishing in 8th place.
He became the youngest driver to score a Formula One World Championship point.
After the European Grand Prix, Scuderia Toro Rosso announced that Vettel would take the second driver seat from Scott Speed.
In early October 1854, Andrew Horatio Reeder, the first governor of the Kansas Territory, came to Lawrence.
He had a party.
He asked everyone to get along.
He did not say anything about slavery.
The first winter in Lawrence was difficult because it was very cold, and people did not have good houses.
Two miles south of Lawrence on November 3, 1854, the first elections were held.
At the elections, a man named Henry Davis attacked a pro-slavery man named Lucius Kibbee using a Bowie knife.
Kibbee then shot Davis and killed him.
This was the first murder in Kansas.
There was a plan to build a university in Kansas in 1855, but it did not happen until Kansas became a state in 1861.
The Kansas government needed to decide where to build the university.
Their choices were Manhattan, Emporia, or Lawrence.
On January 13, 1863, Kansas State University was built in Manhattan.
However, the Kansas government decided to build another one.
The only cities left where a university could be built were Emporia and Lawrence.
Amos A.
Lawrence gave $10,000 and more than 40 acres (160,000 m) of land for a university in Lawrence.
The Kansas government liked that, so the government chose Lawrence.
The University of Kansas opened in 1866.
In 1864, Lawrence got its first railroad.
It connected Lawrence to Kansas City.
The first train to go to Lawrence went on November 28, 1864.
The first train to cross the Kansas River crossed it in Lawrence on November 1, 1867.
In 1929, Lawrence had its 75th birthday.
To celebrate, a big rock was placed.
It is called Founder's Rock to remember the early settlers who came to Lawrence from the New England Emigrant Aid Company.
On October 14, 1929, they opened the Lawrence Municipal Airport to the public.
Every year, it gets of precipitation on average.
Most of it happens during the summer.
The Bowersock Opera House burned in 1911, so people built a new one.
It is called Liberty Hall.
Liberty Hall is a small theater which often shows independent movies, and sometimes live acts.
Liberty Hall also has a video rental store.
The Granada Theater was built in 1928 as a vaudeville theater.
In 1934, it became a movie theater.
It closed in 1989, but it was reopened in 1993.
Today, it shows comedy acts and concerts.
Lawrence is known for a thriving music and art culture.
Rolling Stone said Lawrence is one of the best small college towns in the United States on August 11, 2005.
In 2005, The New York Times said Lawrence had one of the best music cultures in any city between Chicago and Denver.
Esquire magazine said The Replay Lounge, a bar and music venue in Lawrence, was one of the best in the United States in 2007.
Hilo is classified by the United States Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), and has a total area of , of which is land and of which (7.10%) is water.
The main recording session for Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight was on July 2, 1969.
When one inhales through the hose, air is pulled through the charcoal and into the bowl holding the tobacco.
The hot air, heated by the charcoal vaporizes the tobacco without burning it.
Shaggy Dope sings vocals on Night of the Axe and Wizard of The Hood.
In 2007, Tabitha was the host of an exercise DVD titled Drop it with Dance.
By the first week of June 2010, the new lake was long and over deep.
At that time, it flowed over the landslide dam, completely submerging lower Shishkat and partly flooding Gulmit.
The subdivision of Gojal has the greatest number of flooded buildings, over 170 houses and 120 shops.
The residents also had shortages of food and other items due to the blockage of the Karakoram Highway.
Informed consent is the right of a citizen who will undergo medical treatment or care to know about the kind of treatment or service that will be provided by the doctor as well as the procedures involved.
It also includes the right to refuse any treatment or care without prior approval.
Now after Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold (see), wise men from the East came to Jerusalem, saying, Where is He who has been born King of the Jews?For we have seen His star in the East [or at its rising] and have come to worship Him.
When Herod the king heard this, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.
And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he inquired of them (asked) where the Christ was to be born.
Herod was troubled–not about the star, but because a king of the Jews had been born.
He understood that this meant the Messiah.
The Messiah was a leader of the Jewish people, and had been spoken of in Old Testament prophecies.
So he asked his helpers where the Messiah would be born.
They replied that the Messiah would be born in Bethlehem, the place where King David was born, remembering what the prophet Micah had said.
The king told this to the magi.
Then Herod, when he had secretly called the wise men, determined from them what time the star appeared.
And he sent them to Bethlehem and said, Go and search carefully for the young Child, and when you have found Him, bring back word to me, that I may come and worship Him also.
When they heard the king, they departed (went away); and behold, the star which they had seen in the East went before them, till it came and stood over where the young Child was.
When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceedingly (very) great joy.
The Litter Dipper was designed by Herbert Schmeck and built by the Philadelphia Toboggan Company in 1950.
The brakes are operated manually by a wooden handle in the station.
The out-and-back coaster is tall and travels a course of .
It was awarded the ACE Coaster Classic award by the American Coaster Enthusiasts.
The show aired on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr.
block and later aired on Noggin and its successor, Nick Jr.
channel.
It has been taken off the air in the United States, but is still shown in several countries.
Lithium carbonate is used in various medications for treating bipolar disorder.
It is also used in fireworks to make a bright red color.
It is used in processing metal oxides.
It can be used to make glass.
It is used to glaze ceramics.
It can also be used to dry cement.
It is used in making lithium ion batteries.
It is used in carbon dioxide detectors.
It is also used make the cathodes of most lithium-ion batteries, which are made from lithium cobalt oxide.
Wonderwall is a single by the rock band Oasis.
It was written by Noel Gallagher.
Wonderwall comes from (What's the Story) Morning Glory?, Oasis's second album.
The song also appears on Stop the Clocks and Time Flies...
1994-2009.
It was the only song that reached the top 10 in America on the Hot 100 for Oasis.
It also reached number 1 in four countries and reached the top 10 in 10 countries.
Noel Gallagher says the song was written about a girl he met at a concert when he was touring with Oasis.
Cape York Peninsula is a large remote peninsula in the far north of Queensland, Australia.
It is the largest unspoilt wilderness in eastern Australia and one of the last remaining wilderness areas on Earth.
The area is mostly flat and about half is used for grazing cattle.
Much of the wildlife is threatened by introduced species and weeds.
However, the eucalyptus wooded savannah, tropical rainforests, and other types of habitat are now recognized as being globally important.
Some of the world's most extensive and ancient Aboriginal rock painting galleries surround the town of Laura, some of which are available for public viewing.
There is also a new Interpretive Centre from which information on the rock art and local culture is available and tours can be arranged.
Nicole was born on October 7, 1991, in Glendale, California.
She moved to Korea with her mom.
Her mother has a ramyeon restaurant called Red Kitchen.
She has played violin 4th through 8th grade.
She was on a show called KAIST (portrayed a celebrity's life as a college student) which was renamed to Nicole The Entertainer's Introduction to Veterinary Science in Konkuk University since Nicole would not be attending KAIST.
The first episode aired on November 12, 2009.
It was a great success, and today it is still one of the most popular operas.
The most famous aria (song) from the opera is (Women always change their minds).
Many tenors sing this aria in concerts.
The American Library Association (ALA) is an organization which does not receive money.
It is in the United States.
It helps libraries and library education all over the world.
It is the oldest and largest library association in the world.
It has more than 62,000 members.
Similar gigantic birds of the Cenozoic were the South American terror birds (phorusrhacids) and the Australian mihirungs (Dromornis).
The former were certainly carnivorous, and the latter are suspected of being predators, too.
On the other hand, ratites, the flightless giant birds of our time, feed on plants, small vertebrates, and invertebrates.
1979 is a song by the American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.
It was released as the second single from their third studio album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.
1979 was written by frontman Billy Corgan, and features loops and samples that were not like previous Smashing Pumpkins songs.
The song was popular with critics and fans; Allmusic's Amy Hanson called it a somewhat surprising hit.
The song was nominated for the Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the Grammy Awards.
They won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video.
Five different versions of the album were released.
They are the 2CD version, DVD, the Deluxe Box Set, 5LP Box Set and the iTunes Deluxe Edition.
The song is about the band's hatred towards child abuse and domestic violence.
She began her professional career in 1947 with touring companies and later joined the New York City Opera in 1955.
After singing a wide variety of roles, she obtained her first great success with Douglas Moore's The Ballad of Baby Doe in 1959, and finally achieved international recognition in 1966, with the role of Cleopatra in Handel's Giulio Cesare.
Christian Gauseth (born 26 June 1984) is a Norwegian football player.
He plays for Mjøndalen.
The Brazilian Grand Prix is a Formula One championship race which occurs at the Autódromo José Carlos Pace in Interlagos, a district in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
He played Dwayne Dill in the 2009 Disney Channel original movie, Hatching Pete.
The cabriolet version, called the GranCabrio is basically a convertible version of the GranTurismo.
It keeps the 4-seat design of the GranTurismo, and is also called 'GranTurismo Convertible' in the US and Canada.
He also produced The Verve album A Northern Soul, Ash's 1977 and the debut United Kingdom album, For God's Sake for the singer Sek Loso.
In 2000 he recorded and produced Ash's album Free All Angels.
He produced The Paddingtons debut album First Comes First, which was released in October 2005 on Poptones Records.
In the early summer of 2006 he produced Hats Off to the Buskers, the debut album of The View through Columbia Records.
Pole position in Bold.
Pole position in Bold.
The circuit was closed for more than a year to make renovations, since Mobilityland needed to make the track comply with Formula One rules for 2009.
The last major event before the renovations was held on 18 November 2007.
The track held a re-opening event on 12 April 2009.
He has worked in the theatre extensively, appearing as (among others) Mushnik in Little Shop Of Horrors, Dr.
Zubritsky in Neil Simon's Fools and Count Otto Von Bruno in Bullshot Crummond.
He is also a voice actor, with some of his roles including Boris The Cosmonaut Monkey in Brandy & Mr.
Whiskers, Daddy Bailey in Xiaolin Showdown and Jack M.
Crazyfish in Spongebob SquarePants.
His voice can also be heard in many video games, such as , F.E.A.R.
and Bioshock, among others.
He was chosen to take over the roles of Iroh on and Aku of the final season of Samurai Jack after the death of the original voice actor, Mako.
He also voices the ancient Jedi Master Tera Sinube on .
Ampthill is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, between Bedford and Luton.
About 6000 people live in the town.
A regular market has taken place on Thursdays for more than 700 years.
The land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers.
They wanted to build a large suburban development.
The facilities include a kart circuit named after Ayrton Senna.
The pre-Roman Britons used unpaved trackways, including ancient ones running along the ridges of hills, such as the South Downs Way, now a public long-distance footpath.
In contrast, most of the Roman network was surveyed and built from scratch, with the aim of connecting key points by the most direct possible route.
The roads were all paved, to permit heavy freight-wagons to be used in all seasons and weather.
The Romans became expert at constructing roads, which they called viae.
It was permitted to walk or drive cattle, vehicles, or traffic of any description along the road.
The viae differed from the many other smaller or rougher roads, bridle-paths, drifts, and tracks.
By law, the minimum width of a via was fixed at 2.4 m where it was straight, and 4.9 m where it turned.
The Silky shark (Carcharhinus falciformis) is a type of shark of the genus Carcharhinus, family Carcharhinidae.
They are mainly found in warm bodies of water in the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian Oceans.
The Silky shark is large, slim, and grows up to a maximum length of 3.3 metres (10 feet).
The Silky shark gets its name from the fact that it has a smooth, silky texture.
The Silky shark feeds on bony fish such as tuna, mackerel, sardines, and mullets, and molluscs such as squid and paper nautilus.
They have also been known to feed on the bodies of dead whales.
A large, slim shark, the Silky shark has a fairly stretched, rounded snout, a relatively slanting first dorsal fin with a blunt top that is located behind the edges of the pectoral fins, a small second dorsal fin with an extremely long free rear tip (more than two times the height), and a low inter-dorsal ridge (ridge between the dorsal fins).
The pectoral fins are long and slim, and have dusky coloured tips.
Silky sharks are normally dark grey with a shade of bronze, but are sometimes a golden-brown colour.
Their undersides are white.
Except for the first dorsal fin, the tips of all the fins are a dusky colour; this is more visible among the young.
The upper teeth are widely triangular and slanted, becoming more diagonal toward the angle of the jaws which are strongly cut and heavily jagged on the sides.
The lower teeth are raised with smooth edges.
There is usually 1 to 2 symphysial teeth on both, the lower and upper jaw.
The dermal denticles are small, tightly packed and over-lapping, giving the hide a smooth or silky texture, giving the shark it's name.
Silky sharks are considered dangerous to humans because of their aggressive nature and size.
Silky sharks have been observed with their head raised, back arched and tail lowered, a posture believed to be a form of threat display.
Silky sharks are important to longline and gillnet fisheries in many parts of the world.
In the Gulf of Mexico they are often caught with tuna catches, but are also caught by shark fishery.
In the Caribbean they are sometimes fished, usually by longline, but they are not a common catch.
In the Maldives and Sri Lanka, they are the most important shark species, making up 70-80% of the catches made in the pelagic zone.
In Japanese waters, Silky sharks are a common target species of the shark fishery and are also caught with swordfish and tuna fisheries.
In the mid-Atlantic waters of the U.S.A, the Silky shark is fished on a limited basis, but not in significant numbers.
The meat, oil, and fins of the Silky shark are sold commercially.
The Silky shark is also fished by recreational fishermen.
Like other sharks, the Silky shark is in danger due to overfishing, because of its long gestation period, low number of offspring, and slow growth rate.
Because of so much testing is done at this circuit, Formula One drivers and mechanics are extremely familiar with it.
This has led to criticism that drivers and mechanics are too familiar with Catalunya, reducing the amount of on-track action.
The Roerich Pact was the basis for the United Nations “International Convention for Protection of Cultural Values in the Event of Armed Conflict signed in 1954.
However, not all of the ideas of the Roerich Pact are fully implemented in international law, especially the preference of the preservation of cultural values over military necessity.
, literally internal strength, usually translated as internal martial arts, occupied with spiritual, mental or qi-related aspects, as opposed to an external ) approach focused on physiological aspects.
The distinction dates to the 17th century, but its modern application is due to publications by Sun Lutang, dating to the period of 1915 to 1928.
He was the main representative of set of religious and philiosopical teachings called Mazdakism, which are seen as a reformed version of Zoroastrianism.
The name graptolite comes from the Greek graptos, meaning 'written', and lithos, meaning 'rock'.
Many graptolite fossils resemble hieroglyphs written on the rock.
Linnaeus originally regarded them as pictures resembling fossils rather than true fossils.
More recent work places them near the pterobranchs, possibly within.
Each graptolite colony is known as a rhabdosome and has a variable number of branches (called stipes) coming from an initial individual.
Each subsequent zooid is housed within a tubular or cup-like structure (called a theca).
In some colonies, there are two sizes of theca, and it has been suggested that this difference is due to sexual dimorphism.
The most common use of scaffolds is to allow work on buildings.
Another use of the word was the wooden platforms built for executions.
This is now a rare use of the word.
Matthew David McConaughey (born November 4, 1969 in Uvalde, Texas) is an American actor.
McConaughey made his big screen debut in the 1993 movie My Boyfriend's Back.
He received great acclaim for his role as Mud in the 2012 movie Mud as well as his role in the 2013 movie Dallas Buyers Club.
An eye started appearing in Marilyn and the storm reached a peak intensity of 949 millibars with winds of 115 mph, a Category 3-major hurricane.
Marilyn peaked at this time with winds at 120-125 mph winds instead of 115 mph.
Rainfalls over 12-hours in Guadeloupe were up to in Saint-Claude, 19.09 inches in Guillard-Basse-Terre and 17.63 in Gaba.
The highest wind gust reported in Guadeloupe was 84 mph in Marie-Galante.
The next ones were in Raizet and in Desirade.
The highest sustained winds reported in Guadeloupe was in Marie-Galante.
The highest reported gusts were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System and gusts in Sailboat Puffin at Green Cay.
The highest sustained winds were in a Noncommissioned Automated Surface Observing System.
The landscape architect Geoffrey Jellicoe designed the garden; the sculptor Alan Collins designed and carved the stone inscription.
Each of these predicted elements can be given a name.
These names are based on the digits of the atomic number.
They were set by Iupac, and come from Latin and Greek.
Many older people have muscular atrophy.
Muscle atrophy can also happen to people with certain diseases or medical conditions, like cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and renal failure (where the kidneys do not work correctly).
Muscles can get smaller and weaker when those muscles are not used as much as usual - for example, when a person has to wear a cast for a broken arm or leg, or when a person must be on bed rest for a long time during a long illness.
Muscle atrophy can also be caused by Dejerine Sottas syndrome, cachexia, burns, liver failure, and starvation.
Sodium hypochlorite (household bleach) reacts with itself when it is dried.
One atom gives two electrons away to two other atoms.
The first atom becomes sodium chlorate, while the other two that got the electrons becomes sodium chloride.
Nigel David Short MBE (born 1 June 1965 in Leigh, Lancashire) is often regarded as the strongest English chess player of the 20th century.
He became a Grandmaster at age 19.
He challenged for the World Chess Championship against Garry Kasparov at London 1993.
Still active, Short continues to enjoy international success.
He is also a chess columnist, coach and commentator.
Even with the addition of the chicanes, safety was a concern at the circuit.
One of the biggest worries was the high-speed, flat-out Tamburello corner.
Tamburello was very bumpy and had very little room between the track and a concrete wall.
The wall protected a creek that ran behind the corner.
In San Marino Grand Prix, Nelson Piquet had an accident at the corner during practice.
He missed the race due to his injuries.
In the San Marino Grand Prix, Gerhard Berger crashed his Ferrari at Tamburello after the front wing broke.
The crash was so heavy, the monocoque (the driver's compartment) split open.
The car caught fire.
The firefighters and medical personnel went to work quickly.
Because of fast response, Berger survived with only burns on his hands.
Berger only missed one race, the Monaco Grand Prix.
Other drivers, including Michele Alboreto and Riccardo Patrese also bad crashes at Tamburello corner.
They escaped without serious injury.
Following an FIA decision in August 2006, Imola did not host a Grand Prix in .
SAGIS is the company that owns the circuit.
They hoped that the race would be reinstated at the October 2006 meeting of the FIA World Motorsport Council.
They were planning renovations to the facility, but the reinstatement was denied.
Consider two particles, indicated by subscripts 1 and 2.
Let m and m be the masses, u and u be the velocities before the collision and v and v be the velocities after collision.
The spill damaged animal and plant habitats as well as the Gulf's fishing and tourism businesses.
Scientists also found oil underwater that could not be seen from the top.
People worked to protect hundreds of miles of beaches, wetlands, and estuaries along the northern Gulf coast.
The U.S.
Government named British Petroleum (BP) as responsible.
The company has paid for cleaning up and other damage.
By the end of 2011, the U.S.
Coast Guard’s Operational Scientific Advisory Team said that there were no more ocean areas needing special cleanup from the oil spill.
They were not sure of the condition of the shore.
The Bullmastiff is a breed of dog.
It started in 19th-century England.
It is a mixture of a bulldog and a mastiff.
It has a short tan, reddish-brown coat with black on the face and ears.
St Pancras station, also known since 2007 as St Pancras International, is a central London railway terminus celebrated for its Victorian architecture.
The Grade I listed building stands on Euston Road between the British Library, King's Cross station and the Regent's Canal.
It was opened in 1868 by the Midland Railway as its southern terminus.
The company became the LMS: the London, Midland and Scottish railway.
When the station opened, the arched train shed was the largest single-span roof in the world.
Blackfriars station is a London Underground and National Rail station in the City of London.
It is close to Blackfriars Bridge at the junction of New Bridge Street and Queen Victoria Street.
It is in Travelcard Zone 1.
The Underground station was closed until 2011 while refurbishment and major engineering works took place.
It is used to make phosphoric acid.
It is used to make fertilizer.
Constructors whose only entry in the World Championship was in the Indianapolis 500 from 1950 to 1960.
All were American-based.
a.
Includes John Surtees' fastest lap in the South African Grand Prix in a non-works McLaren.
b.
In 1949 and 1950, AFM participated in the German Formula 2 championship.
c.
Constructors' World Championship points not awarded prior to .
d.
From to , Alta was also an engine manufacturer for teams HWM, Cooper and Connaught.
e.
Arrows was renamed Footwork for to .
In they returned to Arrows.
f.
In and , ATS was an engine manufacturer for teams Derrington-Francis and Cooper, racing at the 1964 Italian and 1967 British Grands Prix with Mário de Araújo Cabral and Silvio Moser.
g.
BAR was formerly Tyrrell; it later became Honda, then Brawn, then Mercedes GP.
h.
Benetton was formerly Toleman; it later became Renault F1.
i.
From through Benetton F1 Team had a United Kingdom license; from through , an Italian one.
j.
Coloni later became Andrea Moda.
k.
The nationality of Eagle, Penske, Shadow and Wolf is questioned.
l.
Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys (), Iso Marlboro (-) and Wolf-Williams () cars.
Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis.
Later became Wolf.
Williams Grand Prix Engineering, now WilliamsF1, was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams.
m.
Jaguar was formerly Stewart Grand Prix; it later became Red Bull Racing.
n.
Jordan later became Midland F1 Racing, then Spyker, then Force India.
o.
Does not include Kurtis' Indianapolis 500 (1950-1960) entries.
p.
Leyton House was formerly March Engineering.
q.
Ligier later became Prost Grand Prix.
r.
Lola includes Larrousse () and Mastercard Lola () entries.
s.
March later became Leyton House Racing.
In March returned for one final season.
t.
Midland was formerly Jordan Grand Prix; it later became Spyker F1, then Force India.
u.
Minardi later became Scuderia Toro Rosso.
v.
Monteverdi was formerly Onyx Grand Prix.
w.
Onyx later became Monteverdi.
x.
Osella later became Fondmetal.
y.
Prost was formerly Ligier.
z.
Sauber later became the BMW works team as BMW Sauber.
In they returned to Sauber.
aa.
Spyker was formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing; it later became Force India.
ab.
Stewart later became Jaguar Racing.
ac.
Toleman later became Benetton Formula.
ad.
Tyrrell later became British American Racing.
ae.
Wolf was formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars.
The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California by Tango Productions.
It was directed by Cecilia Miniucchi, who directed most of Selena's music videos.
Philip Holahan filmed the video, and Clayton Halsey edited the video after it was filmed.
Filming began on February 6, 1994.
The music video was released on all major Spanish-language television channels in America on Valentine's Day.
Other dances of Manipur are performed during festivals like Rathayatra, Holi, and Kwakjatra.
All these dances are about religious devotion.
The songs that are sung with these dances speak of the glory of Radha & Krishna.
The main instruments are the Pung and flute.
Different kinds of jjigae are often called according to their main ingredients such as saengseon jjigae (생선찌개).
Gochujang-jjigae(고추장찌개) : It is a jjigae made by boiling red pepper paste with water and adding meat, green onions, tofu, etc.
This is the most common jjigae in Korea.
The struggle for existence is a natural history [metaphor].
It refers to the competition between living things to survive.
This, and the similar phrase struggle for life, were used over 40 times by Charles Darwin in the Origin of Species, and the phrase is the title of chapter 3 of the Origin.
Darwin says: I first thought of selection owing to struggle July 15th 1838.
5.
Special factors come into play with migrating birds, or birds which gather in huge flocks, such as starlings.
Bird behavior has a larger component of learning than fish.
In addition to factors listed above is the possibility that migrating bird flocks are good at teaching first-year birds how to do the migration successfully.
The specific routes may be genetically programmed or learned to varying degrees.
The routes taken on forward and return migration are often different.
Very large roosts, sometimes up to 1.5 million birds, can form in city centers, woodlands, or reedbeds, causing problems with their droppings.
Huge flocks of more than a million starlings are observed just before sunset in spring in southwestern Jutland, Denmark.
There they gather in March until they leave for their breeding ranges by mid-April.
Their flocking creates complex shapes against the sky, a phenomenon known locally as Black Sun.
To witness this spectacle, the best place are the seaward marshlands of Tønder and Esbjerg .
As an introduced species, European starlings are not protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act.
Starlings are considered a nuisance species in North America.
The birds, which travel in enormous flocks, often pose dangers to air travel, disrupt cattle operations, chase off native birds, and roost on city blocks.
They leave behind corrosive droppings and hundreds of millions of dollars of damage every year.
In 2008, U.S.
government agents poisoned, shot and trapped 1.7 million starlings, more than any other nuisance species.
From left to right: Helium, Neon, Argon, Krypton, and Xenon.
In 1974, at Paris Auto Show, Porsche displayed the 911Turbo.
This was during the height of the oil crisis.
The 911Turbo was the first production sports car with exhaust turbocharger and pressure regulator.
The pressure regulator was the wastegate.
The first successful turbocharged racing engine appears to have been in 1952.
Fred Agabashian in a diesel-powered Cummins Special qualified for the pole position at the Indianapolis 500.
He led for .
Then the turbo was damaged by tire debris.
Offenhauser's turbocharged engines first came to Indianapolis in 1966.
Their first victory came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger.
Turbocharged cars dominated the 24 Hours of Le Mans between 1976 and 1988, and then from 2000-2007.
It is used to purify water.
It is also used in deodorants.
It is an antiseptic.
It had several uses in the past, such as in dyeing clothes.
The table below chronicles the achievements of Foolad in various competitions since 1997.
He was born in Greenock.
His father was a shipowner.
He soon showed a great talent for music.
In 1883 he got a scholarship to study at the Royal College of Music, which had only just been founded.
His teachers there included Sir Hubert Parry and Sir Charles Villiers Stanford.
The light made in chemiluminiscence is not directly related to heat.
A simple two step example of a reaction of A, and B, that produces; C, D, and light.
Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford.
Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth.
The uses of carbon tetrachloride have diminished lately, because it is known to be damage people's health.
People think it might damage the ozone layer.
Today, it is rarely used for anything.
Previously, was used in fire extinguishers.
It was also used to make freon, used in dry cleaning and as a refrigerant.
There are several tumuli, mounds of earth built up over a grave.
In this area, they generally feature a passage leading to a central chamber which once held neolithic artefacts.
In vain those words from thee or L.E.L.
Breath it less gently forth — and veil thine eyes.
His follie — pride — and passion — for he died.
List of literary terms: in alphabetical order.
All Indian Grands Prix were held at Buddh International Circuit.
A pink background indicates an non-champhionship event in Formula One.
The punishment for being caught with an alcoholic beverage was jail time.
The millions of people becoming criminals in such a short period of time led to overflowing prisons and it was common to have a case dismissed.
Prohibition was a constitutional experiment set up by the American government in an effort to decrease crime rates, reduce tax burden, and improve health in Americans.
It had little to do with the consumption of alcoholic beverages.
Arnhem Land goes from Port Roper on the Gulf of Carpentaria around the coast to the East Alligator River where it joins Kakadu National Park.
The major towns are Jabiru on the Kakadu National Park border, Maningrida on the Liverpool River mouth, and Nhulunbuy (also known as Gove) in the far north east, on the Gove Peninsula.
Gove is the site of large bauxite mine with an alumina refinery.
Its administrative centre is the town of Nhulunbuy, the fourth largest town in the Northern Territory.
This voyage went first to Brazil, where Banks made the first scientific description of a now common garden plant, Bougainvillea (named after Cook's French counterpart, Louis Antoine de Bougainville), and to other parts of South America.
While they were in Australia Banks, Solander and Spöring made the first collection of Australian plants, describing many that were new to science.
Almost 800 specimens were illustrated by the artist Sydney Parkinson and appear in Banks' Florilegium, finally published in 35 volumes between 1980 and 1990.
According to the chronology in the Sumerian king list, the semi-mythical king Gilgamesh ruled Uruk in the 27th century BC.
Nippur was first excavated, briefly, by Sir Austen Henry Layard in 1851.
He was the 2007–2008 World Blitz Chess champion.
As of the , there have been 109 different Formula One Grand Prix winners.
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
746 drivers have started a Grand Prix race.
From 1953 to 1958 he attended the Art Institute of Chicago where he earned his Bachelor's and Masters of Fine Arts.
In 1959, after the death of his father, the famous Assyrian writer Rabi Adai Alkhas, Hannibal Alkhas returned to Iran and began to teach painting, drawing, and art history at the Tehran School of Fine Arts for the next four years.
During this time he established the successful Gilgamesh gallery, the first modern art gallery in Iran where aspiring young artists were introduced.
At first, he was called Hotfoot Teddy, but he was later renamed Smokey, after the mascot.
A local rancher who had been helping fight the fire took the cub home with him, but he needed care from a veterinarian.
New Mexico Department of Game and Fish Ranger Ray Bell took him to Santa Fe.
His wife, Ruth, and their children, Don and Judy, took care of the cub.
News services around the country wrote stories about the cub, and he became famous.
Soon after, Smokey was flown in a Piper Cub airplane to the National Zoo in Washington, D.C., where he lived for 26 years.
After he died on November 9, 1976, Smokey's remains were returned by the government to Capitan, New Mexico, and buried at what is now the Smokey Bear Historical Park.
Dawkins’s concept of a meme could be described as an “evolving idea.
The most basic emoticons are relatively consistent in form, but each of them can also be transformed by being rotated (making them tiny ambigrams), with or a without hyphen (nose).
In South Korea, emoticons using Korean Hangul letters have been getting popular lately as well.
Korean styles of face emoticons are similar to those of Japan's, but they contain Korean jamos (letters) instead of other characters.
There are countless number of emoticons that can be formed with such combinations of Korean jamos, but popular choices include letter ㅅ or ㅂ as the mouth/nose component and ㅇ,ㅎ,ㅍ for the eyes.
For example: ㅇㅅㅇ, ㅇㅂㅇ, -ㅅ-, ㅡㅡ, ㅡ6ㅡ.
Faces such as 'ㅅ', ㅅ, 'ㅂ','ㅇ', using quotation marks and apostrophes ' are also commonly used combinations.
Vowel jamos such as ㅜ,ㅠ can be used in substitute to T, when depicting a crying face.
Example: //ㅅ//, ㅜ_ㅜ, ㅠ_ㅠ.
Sometimes the underscore is omitted, and the two letters can be mixed together, as in ㅜ_ㅠ, ㅡ^ㅜ, ㅜㅇㅡ .
Also, semicolons are used a lot in Korean emoticons.
Example: ㅡㅡ;;;;, ㅇㅅㅇ;;;, ㅂㅇㅂ;, ㅎㅇㅎ;;;;.
Unlike Wikibooks or Wikisource, the Wikiatlas is not a separate wiki website, but rather, a large subset of the Wikimedia website.
The Wikiatlas was designed, during extended discussions on the Wikimedia website, beginning in 2003.
Many thousands of maps were collected, over the years.
However, by June 2005, the Wikiatlas subproject still lacked sufficient structure to be considered viable.
conference as a nascent project.
Active drivers are in bold.
Active constructors are in bold.
Active constructors are in bold.
Kakadu National Park is famous for the richness of its Aboriginal cultural sites.
There are more than 5000 recorded art sites showing Aboriginal culture over thousands of years.
The archaeological sites show that Aboriginals have lived here for at least 20 000 and possibly up to 40 000 years.
The Chinese, Malays and Portuguese all claim to have been the first non-Aboriginal explorers of Australia’s north coast.
The first surviving written account comes from the Dutch.
In 1623 Jan Carstenz made his way west across the Gulf of Carpentaria to what is believed to be Groote Eylandt.
Abel Tasman was the next explorer to visit in 1644.
He was the first person to record European contact with Aboriginal people.
Almost a century later Matthew Flinders surveyed the Gulf of Carpentaria in 1802 and 1803.
Ludwig Leichhardt was the first land-based European explorer to visit the Kakadu region, in 1845 on his way from Moreton Bay in Queensland to Port Essington in the Northern Territory.
He followed Jim Jim Creek down from the Arnhem Land escarpment, then went down the South Alligator before crossing to the East Alligator and going north.
early part of the 19th century: Fort Dundas on Melville Island in 1824; Fort Wellington at Raffles Bay in 1829; and Victoria Settlement (Port Essington) on the Coburg Peninsula in 1838.
They wanted to secure the north of Australia before the French or Dutch, who had colonised islands further north.
The British settlements all failed for a variety of reasons, such as lack of water and fresh food, sickness and isolation.
Missionaries had a big influence on the Aboriginal people of the Alligator Rivers area.
Many of the people lived and went to school at missions.
Two missions were set up in the region in the early part of the century.
Kapalga Native Industrial Mission was started near the South Alligator River in 1899, but lasted only four years.
The Oenpelli Mission began in 1925, when the Church of England Missionary Society accepted an offer from the Northern Territory Administration to take over the area, which had been used as a dairy farm.
The Oenpelli Mission operated for 50 years.
with two main seasons: the dry season and the rain season.
The 'build up' describes the change between the dry and the rain.
During the dry season (from April/May to September), there are dry southerly and easterly trade winds.
Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual.
At Jabiru, the average maximum temperature for June-July is 32 °C.
During the 'build up' (October to December) conditions can be extremely uncomfortable with high temperatures and high humidity.
However, 'build up' storms are impressive and with many lightning strikes.
At Jabiru the average maximum temperature for October is 37.5 °C.
Periods of torrential rain and long dry spells mean that Kakadu can change its appearance according to the season, so is a place deserving of more than one visit.
To date, 123 species of reptiles have been found in Kakadu.
Being cold blooded, these animals need heat from an external source such as the sun to control their body temperature.
This is not to say that reptiles are active only during the day; in fact, few snakes can withstand Kakadu’s midday heat and most are active at night.
Kakadu’s 25 frog species are extremely well adapted to the region’s climatic extremes.
Many remain dormant during dry times.
At the start of the wet season, when the billabongs and swamps start to fill with water, the night air is filled with the sounds of frogs such as the northern bullfrog and the marbled frog.
As the water builds up, frogs and tadpoles have plenty of food, such as algae, vegetation, insects, dragonfly nymphs, and other tadpoles.
Not all of Kakadu’s frogs are found in the wetlands: many live in the lowland forests.
Perhaps the most striking insect-created features in the Park are the termite mounds.
The mounds in the southern part of the Park are particularly large and impressive.
Leichhardt’s grasshopper, in colours of orange, blue and black, is perhaps the most spectacular insect found in Kakadu.
It is also found on the Arnhem Land plateau and in Gregory National Park.
Kakadu has seen several invasive species threaten the native habitat, particularly in recent decades.
Introduced fauna including the Water Buffalo, wild pig and more recently, the Cane Toad have had major effects on habitat.
Invasive weeds include Mimosa pigra, which covers 800 km² of the Top End, including vast areas of Kakadu, invasive paragrass displaces the native food of much of Kakadu's birdlife.
Salvinia molesta has infested the Magela floodplain.
Brumbies also inhabit areas of the National Park, including Yellow Water.
The outliers are pieces of the Arnhem Land plateau that have become separated from the plateau by erosion.
They were islands in the ancient seas that once covered much of Kakadu.
The lowland plains stretch over much of the Top End and they make up nearly 70% of the Park.
The soils are shallow and often are above large sheets of laterite (ironstone) and a thick profile of strongly leached rocks.
The southern hills and basins cover a large area in the south of the Park, including the headwaters of the South Alligator River.
Rocks here have been exposed from beneath the retreating Arnhem escarpment; they are of volcanic origin and are extremely old (2500 million years).
This landform is characterised by rugged strike ridges separated by alluvial flats.
Mining has made changes to the landscape, but only one uranium mine (Ranger) remains.
Mine operators are have to repair and replant the area when the mine closes.
Some small scale logging took place in the early part of the 20th century, but little evidence of this remains.
Tourism causes big changes to Kakadu National Park with hundreds of thousands of visitors arriving annually.
Roads, tracks, signs, shelter, accommodation, telecommunications and other services must be provided to support this activity.
Kakadu National Park has some of the best examples of Aboriginal rock art in Australia.
The sites of Nourlangie and Ubirr are among the most visited locations in the Park.
It is possible to view some of Kakadu’s diverse wildlife at places like Yellow Water Billabong, Cooinda on board a wildlife cruise or at Mamukala Wetlands or Anbangbang Billabong.
The Kakadu region is one of the world’s best for bird watching as about 30% of Australia’s bird species can be seen here.
There are several places to stay in the Park, mostly found in the town of Jabiru, as well as a range of services to cater to visitor’s needs.
Visitors can experience Kakadu National Park with a recognised tour operator or they can drive themselves.
Many of the Park’s sites are can be reached by standard two wheel drive vehicles, but areas like Twin and Jim Jim Falls and Gunlom require four wheel drive vehicles.
Visitors can experience Kakadu National Park via the Nature’s Way tourism drive which is a loop from Darwin to Jabiru then onto Katherine and back to Darwin covering about 900 km.
The Park is proclaimed under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (the EPBC Act) and is managed through a joint management arrangement between the Aboriginal traditional owners and the Director of National Parks.
The Director manages Commonwealth national parks through Parks Australia, which is a part of the Department of the Environment and Water Resources.
Title to Aboriginal land in the Park is held by Aboriginal land trusts.
The land trusts have leased their land to the Director of National Parks for the purpose of a national park for the enjoyment and benefit of all Australians and international visitors.
Traditional owners have also expected that having their land managed as a national park would assist them in looking after their land in the face of growing and competing pressures.
They saw a national park as establishing a way to manage the land that could protect their interests and be sympathetic to their aspirations.
Parks Australia and the Aboriginal traditional owners of Kakadu are committed to the principle of joint management of the Park and arrangements to help this happen are highlighted in Kakadu’s Plan of Management.
The EPBC Act provides for boards of management to be established for parks on Aboriginal land.
The Kakadu Board of Management, which has an Aboriginal majority (ten out of fifteen members), representing the Aboriginal traditional owners of land in the Park, was established in 1989.
The Board determines policy for managing the Park and is responsible, along with the Director, for preparing plans of management for the Park.
The Plan of Management is the main policy document for the Park and strives to balance strategic or long-term goals and tactical or day to day goals.
Day to day management of Kakadu is carried out by people employed by Parks Australia, which is a branch of the Australian Government’s Department of the Environment and Water Resources.
Approximately one-third of the staff in Kakadu are Aboriginal people.
It makes a blue-green color when it is heated in a flame, like all copper compounds.
Copper(II) chloride is used to make fungicides.
It is also used to make organic compounds.
It is also used to make acetaldehyde from ethane.
Bridgestone has supplied tires in Formula One since .
They supplied tires on a one race only basis for the and Japanese Grands Prix.
These tires were for Japanese teams such as Heros Racing and Kojima.
Abstraction uses a strategy of simplification.
Concrete details are left ambiguous, vague, or undefined.
Communication about things in the abstract requires an intuitive or common experience between the communicator and the communication recipient.
Graph 1 details some explicit relationships between the objects of the diagram.
For example, the arrow between the agent and CAT:Elsie depicts an example of an is-a relationship, as does the arrow between the location and the MAT.
The arrows between the gerund SITTING and the nouns agent and location express the diagram's basic relationship; agent is SITTING on location; Elsie is an instance of CAT.
An abstraction can be seen as a process of mapping multiple different pieces of constituent data to a single piece of abstract data based on similarities in the constituent data, for example many different physical cats map to the abstraction CAT.
This conceptual scheme emphasizes the inherent equality of both constituent and abstract data, thus avoiding problems arising from the distinction between abstract and concrete.
In this sense the process of abstraction entails the identification of similarities between objects and the process of associating these objects with an abstraction (which is itself an object).
There is an abstract thinking, just as there is abstract feeling, sensation and intuition.
Abstract thinking singles out the rational, logical qualities ...
Abstract feeling does the same with ...
its feeling-values.
...
I put abstract feelings on the same level as abstract thoughts.
...
Abstract sensation would be aesthetic as opposed to sensuous sensation and abstract intuition would be symbolic as opposed to fantastic intuition.
(Jung, [1921] (1971):par.
678).
People with receptive language difficulties have problems understanding spoken and written language.
Because of this they usually also have expressive language difficulties although this is not always the case.
Dallara began producing Indycars for the 1997 season.
The G Force chassis was introduced in 1997.
It won the 1997 and 2000 Indy 500 races.
In 2002, Élan Motorsport Technologies bought G Force.
The chassis was re-named Panoz G Force, and then shortened to Panoz in 2005.
Ford-Cosworth provided support to teams running their older-spec engines.
The Ilmor Mercedes V8 engine, was allowed.
It was only used once at the 1996 Indy 500.
1996: Scott Sharp and Buzz Calkins were tied in the final standings, and were declared co-champions.
Calkins had one win, as opposed to Sharp being winless, but no tiebreakers were in place.
2006: Sam Hornish, Jr.
and Dan Wheldon tied in the final standings for first place.
Hornish clinched the championship based on a tiebreaker of most victories during the season.
He removed excessive ruffles and frills and used rich fabrics in simple, but flattering, outlines.
He is credited as the first designer to put labels onto the clothing he manufactured.
The University of Western Australia (UWA) was opened in February 1911.
It is the oldest university in the state of Western Australia.
The law that set up the university was the University of Western Australia Act 1911.
The Act sets out how the university is to be managed by a Senate, which can make rules and regulations.
These are included in the University Calendar.
UWA has many famous students, particularly in politics and government.
The list includes many premiers of Western Australia including Geoff Gallop, Richard Court and Alan Carpenter; former Deputy Prime Minister Kim Beazley, and his father Kim Edward Beazley, and 23rd Prime Minister of Australia Bob Hawke.
The university also many famous science and medicine students, including Nobel prize winner Barry Marshall, the Australian of the Year for 2003 Fiona Stanley and the Australian of the Year for 2005 Fiona Wood.
The former head of Ansett Airlines and British Airways, Sir Rod Eddington, is a graduate of the UWA School of Engineering.
For 2004, Bourdais dominated the Champ Car series.
He had seven wins and eight poles in his Lola.
His won his first championship.
Bourdais won a fourth consecutive Champ Car title in 2007 with victory at Lexmark Indy 300 on October 21.
In the simplest play, the string is wound on the spool by hand.
The yo-yo is then thrown downwards, so that it goes down and unwinds the string.
It then (by inertia) climbs back, winding the string up.
Finally the yo-yo is grabbed, ready to be thrown again.
Many other trick plays exist, most based on the basic sleeper trick.
Extremism is often considered as antonym to compromise, which, depending on context, may be associated with concepts of balance or tolerance.
In the negative connotation, compromise may be referred to as capitulation, referring to a surrender of objectives, principles, or material, in the process of negotiating an agreement.
In human relationships, compromise is frequently said to be an agreement that no party is happy with, this is because the parties involved often feel that they either gave away too much or that they received too little.
Google Search or Google Web Search is a web search engine owned by Google Inc.
and is the most-used search engine on the World Wide Web.
Google receives several hundred million queries each day through its various services.
Google's rise to success was in large part due to a patented algorithm called PageRank that helps rank web pages that match a given search string.
Previous keyword-based methods of ranking search results, used by many search engines that were once more popular than Google, would rank pages by how often the search terms occurred in the page, or how strongly associated the search terms were within each resulting page.
The PageRank algorithm instead analyses human-generated links, assuming that web pages linked from many important pages are themselves likely to be important.
The algorithm computes a recursive score for pages, based on the weighted sum of the PageRanks of the pages linking to them.
PageRank is thought to correlate well with human concepts of importance.
The exact percentage of the total of web pages that Google indexes is not known, as it is very hard to actually calculate.
The webpages maintained by the Google Help Center have text describing more than 15 various search options.
In August 2009, Google announced the rollout of a new search architecture, codenamed Caffeine.
The new architecture was designed to return results faster and to better deal with rapidly updated information from services including Facebook and Twitter.
Google developers noted that most users would notice little immediate change, but invited developers to test the new search in its sandbox.
Differences noted for their impact upon search engine optimization included heavier keyword weighting and the importance of the domain's age.
The move was interpreted in some quarters as a response to Microsoft's recent release of an upgraded version of its own search service, renamed Bing.
Google announced completion of Caffeine on 8 June 2010, claiming 50% fresher results due to continuous updating of its index.
The National Parks Act goes on to say that the public will be allowed to enter and use the parks freely, but with rules to avoid destroying the native plants and animals or the parks.
Access to specially protected areas (550 km²) as noted under the act is only allowed with special permits.
Umbrella insurance protects all items of economic value and future income.
It is also known as a type of liability insurance.
A liability is a legal debt or obligation.
The umbrella refers to how the policy shields insured assets.
It covers damages caused by you and your dependents.
People who have large sums of money usually have this type of insurance because they have high premiums.
Premiums are the total cost of the policy.
It guarantees you higher liability limits.
It provides additional limits of coverage if you are at risk of being sued.
Jonathan began his career in politics in 1998, having joined the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in 1998.
President Umaru Yar'Adua left Nigeria on 23 November 2009 for medical treatment.
He did not make plans for anyone to take over his duties.
On 13 January 2010, a federal court handed Vice-President Jonathan the power to carry out state affairs in the president's continued absence.
On 22 January 2010, the Supreme Court of Nigeria ruled that the Federal Executive Council (FEC) had 14 days to decide whether President Yar'Adua is incapable of discharging the functions of his office.
In a nationwide address in February 2010, Jonathan called on all Nigerians to set aside religious and ethnic differences to work together for the common good.
Lee Fogolin started his professional career with the Omaha Knights of the USHL in 1946.
The next year he played for the Indianapolis Capitals of the AHL.
He saw his first NHL action for the Detroit Red Wings in the 1948 playoffs.
He began the 1949 season with Indianapolis before being called up to the NHL full-time.
In early machines, the user had to pour the toner into a reservoir on the machine itself.
Current machines feed from a sealed cartridge which is normally a proprietary design.
Although manufacturers try to make the process complicated, empty cartridges are sometimes refilled by third-party vendors.
Since toner is a fine dust, it can remain in the air for a long time, and is considered to have health effects similar to inert dust.
As the number of cars entered fell below 26, a new problem started.
All cars entered would automatically qualify for the race.
Some cars were much slower than most of the other cars.
The 107% rule was introduced in .
If the qualifying time of a car was not within 107% of the pole time, the car would not qualify for the race.
For example, if the pole time was 1m 30s, the slowest a car could go to qualify would be 1m 36s.
The race stewards could allow a slow car to race if they thought there was a good reason for it being slow.
For example, rain may have slowed down the qualifying session.
2: Epicurus Possibly, the image of two philosophers, who were typically shown in pairs during the Renaissance: Heraclitus, the weeping philosopher, and Democritus, the laughing philosopher.
4: Boethius or Anaximander or Empedocles?
7: Alcibiades or Alexander the Great?
8: Antisthenes or Xenophon or Timon?
9: Raphael, Fornarina as a personification of Love or Francesco Maria della Rovere?
10: Aeschines or Xenophon?
20: Ptolemy?
After graduation, Abhisit started his career life as lecturer at Oxford University in Economics before coming back to Thailand after receiving his master's degree as a Lecturer at Thammasart University from 1990-1991.
Formula Junior was introduced in 1959.
It tried to replace F3 and F2.
It was realised that it needed to be split up.
F2 and F3 were reintroduced for the 1964 season.
F2 cars had a 1.0 L engine.
Many F1 stars drove in the F2 series on their off-days.
Rhenock (Nepali: रिनाक ) is a small town in East district in the Indian state of Sikkim, located at .
It is 63 kilometres east of Gangtok on the way to Jelepla Pass at an altitude of 1,040.
The word Rhe-nock (in Lepcha dialect) means Black Hill.
It is in the far east of Sikkim.
Rhenock had the first police out post in the state, which is the historical event.
In 1998, Tony George made a deal to bring Formula One back to the United States.
The last time F1 raced in the US was 1991.
A new Indy-based road course using part of the oval track, and part of the infield was built in two years.
The first United States Grand Prix held at the Speedway was in 2000.
The 2001 event reported 185,000 fans were reported in attendance.
The success was even more important with the race.
The race was held on September 30, 2001.
It was the largest international sporting event held in the United States after September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
These are the towns and villages in each district.
However, not all Greek scientists accepted the geocentric (Earth-centered) model of the Universe.
The Pythagorean philosopher Philolaus thought the center of the Universe was a central fire around which the Earth, Sun, Moon and Planets revolved in uniform circular motion.
You King Gelon are aware the 'Universe' is the name given by most astronomers to the sphere the center of which is the center of the Earth, while its radius is equal to the straight line between the center of the Sun and the center of the Earth.
This is the common account as you have heard from astronomers.
But Aristarchus has brought out a book consisting of certain hypotheses, wherein it appears, as a consequence of the assumptions made, that the universe is many times greater than the 'Universe' just mentioned.
His hypotheses are that the fixed stars and the Sun remain unmoved, that the Earth revolves about the Sun on the circumference of a circle, the Sun lying in the middle of the orbit, and that the sphere of fixed stars, situated about the same center as the Sun, is so great that the circle in which he supposes the Earth to revolve bears such a proportion to the distance of the fixed stars as the center of the sphere bears to its surface.
Two great discoveries changed our picture of the Universe.
Both were made by Edwin Hubble in the 1920s.
Before then, it was thought that our galaxy, the Milky Way, was the whole universe.
Hubble first showed that the Andromeda galaxy was a separate galaxy and similar.
Many more galaxies were soon discovered.
Later in the 1920s he showed that all distant galaxies were moving away from each other in a general expansion of the universe.
He did this by discovering the red shift of spectroscopic light from distant galaxies.
That does not apply to galaxies that are clustered together, such as Andromeda which, with our galaxy, is part of the Local Group in the Virgo Supercluster.
Dos Equis (Two X's) is a Mexican beer made by the Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery.
It was originally called Twentieth Century (Siglo XX).
The opening of the 2009-10 season was canceled five days before practice was due to begin.
Due to the series' financial problems, none of the scheduled races take place.
The cars and series infrastructure were tied up in London.
No comment was coming from A1GP.
More races were cancelled.
An announcement made on 5 November 2009 stating that the races in China and Malaysia would not be taking place.
The Carlton Football Club, the Blues, is an Australian rules football team that plays in the Australian Football League.
It is based in the Melbourne suburb of Carlton.
The club began in 1864, and its first home ground was a clearing in Melbourne's Royal Park.
In its first season the Blues won only one game out of ten.
In 1877, the club joined the Victorian Football Association, and then in 1897 it joined the Victorian Football League as one of its original teams.
After using grounds in East Melbourne and Melbourne University, the club moved to its new football ground at Princess Park, Carlton in 1897.
In 1908, the club added the letters CFC to its navy blue jumpers.
Carlton has won 16 Premierships in the VFL/AFL, the last one was in 1995.
Intellectual disability affects about 2 to 3% of the general population.
Seventy-five to ninety percent of the affected people have mild intellectual disability.
Non-syndromic, or idiopathic cases account for 30 to 50% of these cases.
About a quarter of cases are caused by a genetic disorder, and about 5% of cases are inherited.
Cases of unknown cause affect about 95 million people .
In 1957, decimalisation occurred, and the rupee was divided into 100 naye paise (Hindi for new paise).
In 1964, the initial naye was dropped.
Many still refer to 25, 50 and 75 paise as 4, 8 and 12 annas, respectively, not unlike the usage of bit in American English for ⅛ dollar.
The following is a list of active codes of official ISO 4217 currency names.
The following is an active, unofficial code that emulates the ISO 4217 format.
On 11 December 2008, the United States Department of State called for Liu's release.
Couscous is not cooked, but rather steamed (over hot water), and is usually served as a main dish.
Spices are indispensable, the most commonly used ones are Ras El Hanout, ginger, pepper and turmeric.
These spices are added to the broth with chicken or red meat and vegetables.
The stew should be plentiful because the couscous grain is dry, therefore absorbant.
There are 47 single-member electoral districts in South Australia, for the South Australian House of Assembly.
In 2003 the circuit was closed to for a major reprofiling of the track.
A new design from Hermann Tilke was used.
The circuit reopened on 10 April 2005.
It hosted its first Formula One championship event in 29 years on 30 September 2007.
The race won by Lewis Hamilton.
Serena Williams and her sister Venus Williams were the defending champions, but as a result of a foot injury Serena withdrew from the competition.
Scott led two expeditions to the Antarctic regions: the Discovery Expedition, 1901–04, and the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition, 1910–13.
Born in Okopy, a lone village near Suchowola, his parents were farmers, and in this simple environment became grown into his vocation.
Storm surge was measured at 22 feet (6.6 m) near the heads of bays, in some places reaching 10 miles inland.
Because of its large size, the whole Texas shore was hit, and damage was seen as far away as Dallas.
Winds were reported to be 115 mph in Matagorda, 110 mph in Victoria and 88 mph in Galveston.
Wind gusts as high as 170 mph were recorded at Port Lavaca.
Pressure at landfall was measured at 931 mb (hPa), making it the eighth most intense hurricane to strike the United States in the 20th century.
Then little-known newsman Dan Rather reported live from the Galveston Seawall during the storm, an act that would be imitated by later reporters.
This marked the first live television broadcast of a hurricane.
Roblox has over 205 million monthly active players and began to grow fast in 2021.
Roblox's popularity was falling from 16 December 2022.
It had 55.1 million daily active users worldwide.
This is an increase from 19.1 million daily active users by the end of 2019.Did you know 80,000,000 of them were an a actual an of them being a person!I know!!!!
The movie centers on a boy named Miguel who dreams of being a musician and is later taken to the afterlife on Día de los Muertos.
Two days after his ordination and eight days after his election as pope in 1513, Medici was made a bishop.
The term existed before 1859, but got its modern meaning after Darwin established the idea of common descent.
formula_1The resistance of a given element is proportional to the length, but inversely proportional to the cross-sectional area.
For example, if  = , formula_2 = (forming a cube with perfectly conductive contacts on opposite faces), then the resistance of this element in ohms is numerically equal to the resistivity of the material it is made of in Ω⋅m.
Owen credited himself and Georges Cuvier with the discovery of the Iguanodon, completely excluding any credit for the original discoverer of the dinosaur, Gideon Mantell.
This was not the first or last time Owen would deliberately claim a discovery as his own, when in fact it was not.
Owen was finally dismissed from the Royal Society's Zoological Council for plagiarism.
The only city founded by the Romans in Wales is Caerwent, called Venta Silurum in 75 AD when was created, and the last place to be left by the Romans.
Furthermore, it appears that Christian worship was already established in the town in the fifth century, and it may have had a bishop.
A monastery was founded by Saint Tatheus in the 6th century, and a Christian cemetery was also established around the site of the present church.
International PEN is a worldwide association of writers.
It was founded in London in 1921 to increase friendship and intellectual co-operation among writers everywhere.
At first, he letters P, E, and N stood for Poets, Essayists and Novelists.
Now the group includes any other kinds of writers, such as journalists and historians.
Havel was very important to changing NATO.
He helped change it from an anti-Warsaw Pact alliance to a group that includes former-Warsaw Pact members.
Havel spoke very strongly for expanding of the military alliance into Eastern Europe, including the Czech Republic.
Dromaeosaurus are featured in Walking with Dinosaurs, stalking juvenile Torosaurus and attempting to steal eggs from Tyrannosaurus, despite never coexisting with the latter in real life.
Aegyptosaurus was discovered and named by a German paleontologist named Ernst Stromer in 1932.
Its fossils were found in Egypt, Niger, and in several different locations in the Sahara Desert.
All known specimens were discovered before 1939.
The fossils were stored together in Munich, but were destroyed when an Allied bombing raid hit the museum in 1944, during World War II.
Although building began in 1441, the project was interrupted by wars and it was not until 1544 that the inside was finished.
Suchomimus, Elrhazosaurus, Spinostropheus, Rebbachisaurus, Nigersaurus, Kryptops, Nqwebasaurus, and Paranthodon are some of the early Cretaceous dinosaurs known from Africa.
The early Cretaceous was an important time for the dinosaurs of Africa because it was when Africa finally separated from South America, forming the South Atlantic Ocean.
This was an important event because now the dinosaurs of Africa started developing endemism because of isolation.
Xiaosaurus (means dawn lizard) was a small, plant-eating dinosaur.
It walked on two long legs, had four-toed feet, five-fingered hands, short arms, a long, stiff, pointed tail, a flexible neck, and a small head with large eyes.
A partial fossil has been found in Mashonaland North, Zimbabwe, Africa.
Olympiacos is the most popular Greek club with around two and a half million fans in Greece and was placed ninth on the list with the most paid up members in the world in 2006, having 83,000 registered members as of April 2006.
They share a great and long-standing rivalry with Panathinaikos.
American crocodiles are more vulnerable to cold weather than American alligators.
While an American crocodile cannot survive in water temperatures of 7.2 °C (45.0 °F) and below.
American crocodiles will lose consciousness and drown due to hypothermia in that temperature.
American crocodiles have a faster growth rate than alligators.
The Aztecs had strict rules and punishments for people who broke Aztec morals.
For example, things like disorderly conduct (causing trouble in public), drunkenness, could be punished by execution.
The Aztecs used symbolism in their art.
They even used art as propaganda.
For example, when they took over a state, they would build temples and statues with Aztec symbols on them.
They also used paintings that showed Aztec rulers as being close to the gods, doing what the gods wanted them to do.
This art spread Aztec religion and culture, and also reminded states that had been taken over just how powerful the Aztec Empire was.
It is managed by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL), established in 1826.
It is at the northern edge of Regent's Park, on the boundary line between City of Westminster and Camden (the Regent's Canal runs through it).
The Society also has a larger site at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo in Bedfordshire to which the larger animals such as elephants and rhinos have been moved.
Sharecropping is a term for when one person farms another person's land, and then the two share what is produced.
Sharecroppers are almost always poor, and are often in debt to landowners or other people.
Sharecropping was very common in the Southern United States after the Civil War and the end of slavery.
At that time, many African-Americans sharecropped on the land that they had once farmed as slaves.
Sharecropping was part of the system of Jim Crow, which kept blacks poor and not really citizens.
Indentured servitude is comparable to debt bondage or slavery in many ways.
Much work has been done to find out what its 27,000 genes and 35,000 proteins do.
Mucha produced a flurry of paintings, posters, advertisements, and book illustrations, as well as designs for jewellery, carpets, wallpaper, and theatre sets in what was initially called the Mucha Style but became known as Art Nouveau (French for 'new art').
Mucha's works frequently featured beautiful, strong young women in flowing vaguely Neoclassical looking robes, often surrounded by lush flowers which sometimes formed halos behind the women's heads.
In contrast with contemporary poster makers he used pale pastel colours.
German immigrants brought it to Sweden during the 13th century.
Swedish nuns baked gingerbread to help indigestion in the year 1444.
Baldness is most often caused by a medical condition known as androgenic alopecia.
This is found in humans, as well as in some animals.
When it occurs, it will mean that those affected will permanently lose some (or all) of their hair.
Since some of the factors are linked to the genes on the chromosome, the condition can be seen more often with men, than with women.
A karate gi is a standardized piece of karate clothing that acts as a uniform.
Usually, the belt of a Dan martial artist will have a number of strips according to the person's rank.
This table shows how to call dan in Japanese.
Had the list of names not been extended, Xina would have been named Alpha instead.
However, the anticipated exhaustion of the old list was averted, meaning that the east Pacific has never exhausted its list.
Xina stayed at sea, and no casualties or damages were reported.
These are the towns and villages in each district.
Kagoshima borders Kumamoto Prefecture and Miyazaki Prefecture.
It is in the southern part of Kyushu facing the Pacific Ocean.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women is a convention and one of the international human rights law adopted by United Nations General Assembly on 18 December 1979 and entered into force 3 September 1981 established to prohibit all discrimination against women and to ensure their human rights and freedom on a basis of equality with men.
As of 2017, 189 countries had ratified this Convention, that is, have made promise to realize this Convention.
Countries which had not ratified it were Iran, Somalia, South Sudan, Tonga, the United States and Vatican City.
The history of Garhwal goes back to the dawn of Hindu civilization, but most of history of Garhwal is fairly unknown or not given any importance by historians.
Also, some facts known about this land are vague and taken from Garhwali folk songs and Hindu epics.
Most historians say that the name of Garhwal comes from the ancient regimes and rulers.
However, most of the facts are unknown, and the things that are known are very vague and unreliable.
Soft-boiled eggs have firmly cooked eggwhites, while at the same time, the yolks are liquid.
They can have salmonella in them if you don't prepare them correctly.
In Europe, soft-boiled eggs are a traditional breakfast cousin, and you normally scoop them out of the shell and eat.
In Asia, the soft-boiled egg is cracked into a cup with soy sauce and black pepper.
Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British-Indian drama movie based on Vikas Swarup's novel Q&A and directed by Danny Boyle.
The movie has a different story from the book.
It follows a homeless Mumbai resident who becomes a contestant for the game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?.
Aulus Vitellius Germanicus {September 24, 15-December 22, AD 69} was later known as Vitellius was an Roman Emperor and general for eight months from 16 April to 22 December 69.
Anthonij (Anton) Rudolf Mauve (18 September 1838, Zaandam, North Holland – 5 February 1888, Arnhem) was a Dutch realist painter who was a leading member of the Hague School.
He signed his paintings 'A.
Mauve' or with a monogrammed 'A.M.'.
Legions I Minervia and V Macedonica, under the legates M.
Claudius Fronto and P.
Martius Verus, served under Statius Priscus in Armenia, earning success for Roman arms during the campaign season of 163, including the capture of the Armenian capital Artaxata.
At the end of the year, Verus took the title Armeniacus, despite having never seen combat; Marcus declined to accept the title until the following year.
When Lucius was hailed as imperator again, however, Marcus did not hesitate to take the Imperator II with him.
The army of Syria was reinforced by II Adiutrix and Danubian legions under X Gemina's legate Geminius Marcianus.
After the cashier has scanned all of the goods, he or she will ask the customer for payment.
If the customer is paying by cash, the customer gives the cashier money, which the cashier will count to find out how much the customer is paying.
He or she will then enter the amount into the cash register, which will open the cash drawer.
Inside the drawer, there are different places to put each type of bill and coin (for example, all the 1-dollar bills go in one part, and all the 25 cent coins go in another part).
The cashier puts the bills and coins from the customer into the right places in the drawer, and takes out bills and coins that add up to the amount of change that the customer is supposed to get.
The cashier closes the drawer and gives the change and receipt to the customer.
Before Karen Gillan started acting on television, she worked in a London pub.
She had had left Italia Conti for a television programme, but was hired by a modelling agency.
B.
oleracea is believed to have been cultivated for several thousand years.
It has been bred into a wide range of cultivars, including cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, and more.
Some of which are hardly recognisable as being members of the same genus, let alone species.
The reign of Marcus Aurelius had been marked by almost continuous warfare, even though he preferred books to war.
That of Commodus was comparatively peaceful in the military sense but was marked by political strife, and the arbitrary and capricious behaviour of the emperor himself.
In the view of Dio Cassius, a contemporary observer, his accession marked the descent from a kingdom of gold to one of rust and iron.
The historian Edward Gibbon took Commodus's reign as the beginning of the decline of the Roman Empire.
He belongs to the art group FOSTER BROTHERS together with two other artists - Andrey Efi and Eugeny Lindin.
This ideology strongly discouraged women from obtaining an education.
This ideology was thought to elevate the moral status of women and benefit them in ways such as living lives of higher material comfort.
It made the roles of wife and mother important in society.
The case, Docket Number 19-1392,Dobbs, State Health Officer of the Mississippi Department of Health, et al.
v.
Jackson Women’s Health Organizatione et al.
started being argued on December 1, 2021.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking is a way symmetry breaks in a physical system.
The underlying laws do not change, but the system as a whole changes.
Symmetry breaking in physics occurs when a system is crossing a critical point.
Small fluctuations decide the system's fate, by determining which branch is taken.
'Force feedback' is the technology that user to feel the power and movements.
Bercow is the first Jewish Speaker.
He is the first Speaker not to wear traditional court robes while presiding over the House of Commons.
Mussaurus (meaning mouse lizard) was an early, plant-eating prosauropod dinosaur from the Upper Triassic, about 215 million years ago.
It was found in southern Argentina.
It gets its name from the small size of the skeletons first discovered.
Romulus selected 100 of the best men to form the Senate as an advisory council to the king.
He called them patres, and their descendants became the patricians.
He also divided the general populace into thirty curiae, named after thirty of the Sabine women who had intervened to end the war between Romulus and Tatius.
The curiae formed the voting units in the Roman assemblies: Comitia Curiata.
The northern part has many hills.
Those in the Waldviertel belong to the ridge of Manhartsberg (part of the Bohemian Massif), and those in the Weinviertel are spurs of the Carpathian Mountains.
Some people practice the art of cutting the last two digits of a decade.
For example, the 1970's becomes just the 70s.
Commonly reported adverse effects due to caffeine used in the quantities present in Red Bull are insomnia, nervousness, headache, and tachycardia (see Caffeine intoxication).
Based on their results, researchers involved with the study cautioned against the consumption of Red Bull in individuals under stress, in those with high blood pressure, or in anyone with established atherosclerotic disease.
There has been at least one case report of Red Bull overdose causing postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome in a young athlete.
Aomori Prefecture is the northernmost prefecture on Honshū.
The prefecture faces Hokkaidō across the Tsugaru Strait.
It shares its southern border with Akita Prefecture and Iwate Prefecture.
Anna Maria Luisa de' Medici (11 August 1667 – 18 February 1743) was the last of the House of Medici.
A patron of the arts, she gave the Medici's large art collection (including the contents of the Uffizi, Palazzo Pitti and Medici villas) which she inherited upon her brother Gian Gastone’s death in 1737, and her Palatine treasures to the Tuscan state, on the condition that none of it be removed.
Blake Clark (born February 2, 1946) is an American actor and comedian whose trademark is a raspy voice similar to Jim Varney.
He is perhaps best known as Farmer Fran in The Waterboy.
His other known role is as the voice of Slinky Dog in Toy Story 3, replacing Varney who died in 2000 (and, according to John Lasseter, Clark sounds an awful lot like him).
It was revealed that Clark and Varney had known each other for a long time.
Clark was born in Macon, Georgia.
He graduated from LaGrange College in 1969 with a degree in the performing arts.
Having moved from his home state of Georgia to Hollywood, Clark soon landed his first Tonight Show with Johnny Carson and soon thereafter, was cast in his first of many recurring roles on Television as Fred the Chauffeur on Remington Steele.
Since then, he has been Harry, Tim Taylor's friend on Home Improvement; Jules, the next-door neighbor on The Drew Carey Show; Chet Hunter, Sean's father on Boy Meets World, and Bob the womanizing boss on The Jamie Foxx Show.
And he recently received critical acclaim as Drew Barrymore's father in the hit movie, 50 First Dates.
He also acted as an umpire in the 2006 movie The Benchwarmers.
He even came out in the 2008 movie Get Smart, starring Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway.
Clark has traveled the world doing comedy and recently went to Iraq for an extended USO Tour with Drew Carey.
He is a warm, intelligent, funny, and innovative social commentator with a quiet patriotism that he lives as well as portrays.
His comedy runs the gamut from observation on the current military conflict to his Southern root in Georgia.
He is a man of all seasons.
COBRA was formed by Karel Appel, Constant, Corneille, Christian Dotremont, Asger Jorn, and Joseph Noiret on the 8th November 1948 in the Café Notre-Dame, Paris, with the signing of a manifesto, La Cause Était Entendue (The Case Was Settled), drawn up by Dotremont.
Formed with a unifying doctrine of complete freedom of colour and form, as well as antipathy towards surrealism, the artists also shared an interest in Marxism as well as modernism.
Their working method was based on spontaneity and experiment, and they drew their inspiration in particular from children’s drawings, from primitive art forms and from the work of Paul Klee and Joan Miró.
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex, the Danish group Høst and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group, the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time; the periodical Cobra, a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions.
The first of these was held at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam, November (1949), the other at the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Liège (1951).
Kosygin's patron, Zhdanov, died suddenly in August 1948.
Soon afterwards, Zhdanov's old rivals Lavrentiy Beria and Georgy Malenkov persuaded Stalin to let them remove members of the decapitated Zhdanov faction, of whom the three most prominent were Nikolai Voznesensky, then Chairman of the State Planning Committee and a First Deputy Premier, Alexey Kuznetsov, the party secretary with oversight over the security, and Kosygin.
During the brutal purge that followed, known as the Leningrad affair, Voznesensky, Kuznetsov and many others were arrested and shot.
Kosygin was relegated to the post of USSR Minister for Light Industry, while nominally retaining his membership of the Politburo until 1952.
Using italic is usually used as a place holder for a blank piece of information.
In dimension 2, the dot product of vectors [a,b] and [c,d] is ac + bd.
The same way, in a dimension 3, the dot product of vectors [a,b,c] and [d,e,f] is ad + be + cf.
The Summoner is one of the characters in the Canterbury Tales.
The yellowfin tuna (Thunnus albacares) is a species of tuna found in pelagic waters of tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide.
When the BBC Symphony Orchestra was started in 1930 Aubrey was their principal horn player.
He was still principal horn player with the other big London orchestras (this would be impossible nowadays), but gradually his gave up these positions as the BBC Symphony Orchestra got more and more work and needed their players to be full time.
Brains are extremely complex.
The brain controls the other organs of the body, either by activating muscles or by causing secretion of chemicals such as hormones and neurotransmitters.
Muscular action allows rapid and coordinated responses to changes in the environment; hormones and the autonomic nervous system make slower changes in the body.
In 2006 Johnson won five races and his first Nextel Cup Series championship.
Johnson had 13 top-fives, 24 top-tens, 1 pole, and he led 854 laps during the 2006 season.
In 2007 Johnson had 10 wins, 4 poles, 20 top-fives, and 24 top-tens.
At the end of the season, he had won his second championship.
The Bronze Age collapse may be seen in the context of a technological history that saw the slow, comparatively continuous spread of iron-working technology in the region, beginning with precocious iron-working in what is now Bulgaria and Romania in the 13th and 12th centuries BC.
Alfred Edwin Brain Jr.
(born London, 24 October 1885; died Los Angeles, 29 March 1966) was an English player of the French horn.
He came from a family which included many famous horn players, including his nephew, Dennis Brain who became perhaps the most famous horn player of all time.
Watson has received 19 honorary doctorates.
Sabaton is a Swedish heavy metal band.
It was formed in 1999.
Sabaton have released 6 albums: Metalizer from 2000, Primo Victoria from 2004, Attero Dominatus from 2005, The Art of War from 2008, Coat of Arms from 2010, and Carolus Rex from 2012.
Their lyrics are based on wars and battles, especially the two World Wars.
They sing and have many albums in both Swedish and English.
One important difference between the resistance and the impedance is that a resistor dissipates energy, it gets hot, but an inductor and a capacitor store the energy and can return that energy to the source when it goes down.
The List of World Heritage Sites in the United States is a group of places chosen by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
CrossOver is the collective name for four commercial programs developed by CodeWeavers that allow using Windows programs on Mac OS X and Linux.
X-ray examination of his bones showed age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration in these areas.
These tattoos may have been related to pain relief treatments similar to acupuncture.
One Planck time is the time it would take a photon travelling at the speed of light to cross a distance equal to one Planck length.
Christopher Edward Chris Hansen (born September 13, 1959) is an American television personality most famously known for his role on Dateline NBC.
He was on a part of the show called To Catch a Predator, where he tries to catch people who are trying to meet minors aged 13–15 on the Internet for sexual activity.
Hansen has done other investigative reporting, and has won seven Emmy Awards for his reporting.
Hansen has received seven Emmy Awards, four Edward Murrow awards, three Clarion awards, the Overseas Press club award, an IRE, the National Press Club award, International Consortium of Investigative Journalists Award; as well as awards for excellence from the Associated Press and United Press International.
The city of Cayenne has a population, in 2014, of 55,817; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Toll roads are at least 2700 years old, as tolls had to be paid by travellers using the Susa–Babylon highway under the regime of Ashurbanipal, in the 7th century BC.
Ganghwa-county (Ganghwa Island) is famous for dolmens registered as one of the World Heritages by UNESCO.
The metric system was first used in France in 1795.
It had units for length, area, dry volume, liquid capacity, weight or mass, and even amounts of money, but not for time.
Decimal time of day had been first used in France two years earlier, but was set aside at the same time the metric system was started and did not follow the metric pattern of a base unit and prefixed units.
James Clerk Maxwell and Elihu Thomson (through the British Association for the Advancement of Science - BAAS) came up with the Centimetre gram second system of units (cgs) in 1874.
Perfume formed in 2000.
In 2003 in Tokyo, they met someone who would become a crucial to their success - Capsule's Yasutaka Nakata, who is the main producer for them.
The case drew particular public attention because the arrests were on the day after a large protest of proposed legislation to expand United States legal authority against foreign piracy websites.
Shortly afterward, the Department of Justice's website and a number of other organisations' websites were taken offline following concerted denial of service attacks from activist group Anonymous.
In some cases, the parasite lives in a person's large intestine and does not cause any symptoms.
Symptoms vary from serious to none at all.
There may be abdominal pain, mild diarrhoea, bloody diarrhoea or severe colitis with tissue death and perforation.
This last complication may cause peritonitis.
People affected may develop anaemia due to loss of blood.
The pulpit is octagonal in shape and is supported on nine columns, made of granite, porphyry and green marble..
Henrietta of England (16 June 1644 (26 June n.s).
– 30 June 1670) was born a Princess of England and Scotland as the youngest daughter of King Charles I of England and his consort Henrietta Maria of France.
Fleeing England with her governess aged three, she moved to the court of her first cousin Louis XIV of France.
She was known as Minette.
She married Philippe of France, Monsieur, brother of King Louis XIV, and became known as Madame at court.
Very popular with the court, Henriette was known for her flirtatious nature which was the cause of various arguments between husband and wife.
Louise de La Vallière and Madame de Montespan were part of her household prior to being Louis XIV's mistresses.
Henriette was instrumental to the completion of the Secret Treaty of Dover prior to her unexpected death in June 1670.
The reason for her death has never been conclusively determined; while some argue that it was by poison administered by her husband's lover the Chevalier de Lorraine, historians have also argued that she was felled by a perforated peptic ulcer.
Kanda Institute of Foreign Language (KIFL) was built in 1963 before Kanda University of International Studies (KUIS).
After then, it was established in 1973 as fraternity school.
Department of International Communication was set up in 2001.
Building 7 has three stories and contains the library,MULC, and cafe.
Students can research books and materials easily by using computers.
Those computers have search function and give users detailed information about where the book is in library, what genre the book is, and whether or not it may be borrowed.
There are sofas and desks so students can study by themselves or read books.
In the library, students can also use audio-cassettes and video-cassettes for classes and personal studies.
The second floor is called MULC.
It stands for Multilingual Communication Center.
MULC has eight different booths: China, Spain, Korea, Brazil, Portugal, Vietnam, Indonesia, and International Area.
Each booth is decorated with each countries' colors and these booths have some books and traditional clothes that is connected to the country's culture.
The third floor is cafe.
Students can eat foods, and some dessert.
Cafe has over 200 seats and those seats are composed of indoor and outdoor.
Millennium House is a multipurpose hall made in 2000.
This hall offers students opportunities to take various workshops, for example,a lecture to learn how to act Japanese Drama, a lecture to learn how to play the shamisen: three-stringed Japanese instrument.
Kanda University of International Studies has six departments.
English department is the largest.
The other departments are Chinese, Spanish, Korean, Language and Culture, and International Communication.
The Motto of Zhejiang University is Seeking Truth and Innovating (Chinese 求是創新).
First of all, right pass is the most important requirement to be a good point guard.
A point guard's first thought should be being an excellent passer and getting the ball to his teammates for easy shots.
Because the offense is usually started from a point guard who handles the ball, he should be able to find the open man, and when to pass and not pass to avoid costly turnovers and score easily.
Third, a point guard is a coach on the court.
To command proper strategy to his teammates, a point guard should understand all strategies which are commanded by his coach.
This ability may help a point guard to play the game well with the right strategy at right time.
NateOn is South Korean’ most used messenger.
It is most popular for its direct connection with Cyworld and simple to use free text service.
It provides versions for Windows as well as beta versions for Mac OS 10 and Linux.
Köpenick was an independent town until 1920.
It then became a borough of Berlin, with an area of , making it Berlin's largest borough.
In 2001, the borough of Köpenick was merged with that of Treptow to create the current borough of Treptow-Köpenick.
Photo- is a prefix showing that light is involved.
Photolysis is when light cuts (breaks bonds) of a molecule.
Catalyst is a substance present but not consumed in a reaction like the other reagents while increasing the rate of the reaction.
The graph below shows the catalyst’s effect on the activation energy.
The Y (vertical) axis shows the activation energy while the x (horizontal) axis shows the reaction over time.
With no catalyst present (black line) the reaction has a higher energy to overcome.
In the presence of a catalyst (red line) the activation energy is reduced.
The High Renaissance was the time of Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael and Titian as well as Michelangelo who was famous as a sculptor and as a painter.
Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., (; November 11, 1922 – April 11, 2007) was an American writer.
He influenced many other writers.
He combined satire, black comedy, and science fiction in his writing.
Some of his works include Slaughterhouse-Five (1969), Cat's Cradle (1963), and Breakfast of Champions (1973).
He was known for his humanist beliefs and was honorary president of the American Humanist Association.
In 2002, at the age of 21, he won the first prize for the best Geneva Singjay In 2003, he wrote a song for the movie Destination Jamaica by George Tait (Jungle George) In 2004, his song My Queen appeared in the DVD sold with the Austrian surfers' magazine Methodmag, published in 60,000 copies.
In 2005 he won the 1st prize for best Singjay in Switzerland organized by Giddeon Productions Unfortunately, he cannot take advantage of the prize, a concert in Italy, as he is expected in Jamaica that summer, and therefore gives his prize to the number 2 in the competition, Elijah.
In 2007, Eliane Dambre from the Ateliers du Funambule sponsored by Michel Fugain, whose studios are based in Nyon, decided to present his candidacy for the Eurovision for Switzerland, against DJ Bobo to represent Switzerland, but his candidacy was too late.
In 2009, he won the prize for the best reggae song at the competition organized by Reggae Europe.
He has deposited to SACEM over 100 titles composed by him (music and lyrics), in French, English and Jamaican patois.
Setsubun means “division of the seasons in the literal sense.
In ancient times the beginning of each season was called Setsubun.
On the Setsubun day, various rituals were conducted to drive away devil’s sprits.
Nowadays, however, Setsubun only refers to Risshun (beginning of spring) because the day is the most important than the other Setsubun day since the day is a new year’s day in lunar calendar.It is said that both of beans and rice have spiritual power in it, and to throw these things is a good way to drive demons from our own and our house.
People used to throw rice in ancient time, but people started to throw beans instead of rice since Chinese folkway was introduced.
Since then, people throw beans to drive demons on Setsubun day.
Setsubun means separating seasons, and indicated each day before the first day of spring, summer, autumn and winter.
only.
In the Hiean era, Tsuina that the event of New Year's Eve held in the palace, changed into the ceremony to drive demons.
It died out in the Muromachi era, but the event gradually spread among commoner and remained as Mamemaki of Setsubun.
However, nowadays households which adorn with them decreased, and only scatter parched beans.
The (superscript) , , or simply refers to the (electromagnetic) charge of the pion.
Labyrinthodonts are often called Temnospondyls.
The feud lasted for the rest of Cope’s life.
Both became less wealthy trying to keep the other’s men from digging for fossils.
Each criticized the other’s work in the New York Herald.
Another time Marsh tried to keep Cope from getting his articles and books published, so Cope hired two fossil-finders away from Marsh.
Today, there are several memorials to the group, including a monument and the Donner Memorial State Park.
A lake was also named after them.
The following year, Knight began a 28-mural series for Chicago’s Field Museum of Natural History, a project which showed the history of life on earth and took four years to complete.
At the Field Museum, he produced one of his best-known pieces, a mural featuring Tyrannosaurus and Triceratops.
This confrontation scene between a predator and its prey would inspire many imitations, establishing the two dinosaurs as 'mortal enemies' in the popular consciousness.
The official name of the city is Vitoria-Gasteiz.
People usually call it simply Vitoria or Gasteiz.
In Basque it is called Gasteiz, and some Basque speakers call it Vitorixe.
Vitoria-Gasteiz became an industrial city in the second half of the twentieth century.
There had been some companies already.
For example, Bartolome Riego set up a printing press in the town for the first time in 1722.
Industries began on the outskirts of the city, away from the centre, special areas for making objects.
Companies from Biscay (Bizkaia) and Gipuzkoa moved to Vitoria because land was cheaper there.
Between 1950 and 1977, 833 companies started in the city.
Vitoria-Gasteiz is a very old city.
It was founded in 1180 by the Navarrese King Sancho VI, who conquered the small hill village of Gasteiz and decided to call it New Victoria.
In 1202 a terrible fire almost destroyed the town.
In 1443 another terrible fire affected the western part of the city.
After that, new houses had to be built of stone and adobe.
With the turn of the century come the first modern factories.
They were small family businesses.
Now there are also multinationals, for example Mercedes Benz and Michelin.
Between 1950 and 1975 the city tripled its population and new districts were built.
The city is characterized as green and sustainable.
Vitoria-Gasteiz has several important buildings.
Its medieval quarter is in the highest part of the city.
Its streets are narrow.
There are several historic houses : Montehermoso, Villasuso, Escoriaza, Esquíbel, etc.
There are also the Archaeology and Card Museums.
In Senda Avenue is Ajuria-Enea, the house of the President of the Basque Country.
There is an important restaurant in the city.
Its name is El Portalon.
It is located in a beautiful fifteenth century house.
In this restaurant the food is very good.
Vitoria is the political and administrative capital of the Basque Country and home of its principal autonomous institutions.
The Basque Parliament is the legislative body of the autonomous region.
There are 75 MPs (Members of Parliament),25 of each of the three provinces.
Of these MPs, 40 are women, and 35 are men.
The current Speaker/President of the Chamber is Arantxa Quiroga.
The Basque Government headquarters are also in the city, in Lakua, and the official residence of the President of the Basque Government is Ajuria Enea, in Fray Francisco Street.
The End-Triassic extinction event marks the boundary between the Triassic and Jurassic periods, 201.3 million years ago.
However, many of the extinctions occurred before then in the Upper Triassic.
The Italian Invasion of Albania Of 1939 (Italian ; Invasione Italiana Dell'Albania/Albanian ; Pushtimi Italian I Shqiperise) was a military campaign by Fascist Italy to Occupy Albania.
Yuko: This is a lyric confection containing bean jam.
This is a Yatsuhashi which is associated with Yuko who is a heroine of “the gobantyo-yugirirou.
Otabe: This Nama-Yatsuhashi uses rice grown in Fukui prefecture which is called Koshihikari, Hokkaido adzuki bean, and water in Fukui prefecture.
Yatsuhashi: This is crisp.
Pocket-Yatsuhashi: This is a Yatsuhashi which you can carry in your pocket.
The CSU system is composed of 23 campuses and has over 417,000 students supported by 47,000 faculties and staff.
Chione (or Χιόνη)was the goddess of snow in Greek mythology.
Daughter of the river god Nile and the Oceania Callirroi.
Snow lived in the fields and was once abused by a farmer.
For this reason, Chione was transformed by the god Mercury, at the behest of the god Zeus, into clouds of snow, which fall and destroy the Spartans.Daughter of Boreus and Oreithyia (the daughter of the king of Athens Erechtheos).
Siblings of Chioni were Zetis, Calais and Cleopatra.
This Snow gave birth to a god child, Eumolpus from the god Poseidon, and to hide him (for fear that her father would not find out), she threw him into the sea.
Nevertheless, Poseidon saved the child and raised him.
Daughter of Arcturus who was kidnapped by Boreas, with whom she had three sons, who became priests of the god Apollo in the country of the Hyperboreans.
Flaviviruses share a common size (40-65 nm) and symmetry (shape), and they look similar under an electron microscope.
They are made of single-stranded RNA.
Humans get these viruses after being bitten by an infected mosquito or tick.
Usually, if a human who has a Flavivirus gets bitten by a healthy mosquito or tick, the human will not have enough of the virus in their blood to infect the insect.
This means humans do not help continue the virus's life cycle (by infecting insects who go on to infect other people).
However, this is not true for yellow fever or dengue fever.
Lewicki started skating at age five, first with bob skates, then a used pair three sizes too large.
Until age twelve, Lewicki learned to play hockey by playing shinny on outdoor rinks.
Organized hockey started at age twelve and Lewicki joined the Bantam Elks.
This he did in secret, as his mother was strongly opposed to his playing hockey.
Lewicki would hide his hockey equipment outside under the backyard stairs.
The next season, Lewicki played for the North Star Bantams, moving up to the Midgets at age fourteen a year early, to play against boys sixteen and older.
In early 2010, a group of scientists led by Zhang Fucheng examined fossils with preserved melanosomes (organelles which contain colour pigments).
By studying the fossils with an electron microscope, they found melanosomes preserved in a fossil Confuciusornis specimen.
The flag of Somaliland is the national flag of Somaliland.
De Klerk studied to be an attorney.
He finished his studies in 1958.
As a student, he joined the National Party.
After obtaining his degree, he was their legal counsel, until 1972.
From his first marriage with Marike Willemse he has three children.
Since 1998, he has been married to Elita Georgiades.
Older banyan trees have aerial prop roots that grow into thick woody trunks which, with age, can become indistinguishable from the main trunk.
Old trees can spread out laterally using these prop roots to cover a wide area.
In 2011, there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state, the First mayor.
A senator is the presiding minister for a Behörde (translated: 'government agency' meaning here is more ministry).
The State Chancellery () coordinates the senate and supports the mayor.
The First Mayor is head in this agency.
In 2011, the First Mayor of Hamburg is Olaf Scholz.
The ministry () is responsible for the school system in Hamburg.
In 2011, Frank Horch (Independent) is head of the minitry.
The ministry () is in charge of the correctional facilities, the courts and the revision of the laws.
In 2011, Jana Schiedek (SPD) is the Minister of Justice of Hamburg.
Main political parties in Hamburg are the Christian Democratic Union, the Social Democratic Party, Alliance '90/The Greens, The Left and as of 2008 not in the state parliament the Free Democratic Party.
A defunct party is Law and Order Offensive Party (Partei Rechtsstaatlicher Offensive - Offensive D).
The party was in the Hamburg Parliament from 2001 until 2004, receiving 19.4% of votes.
The Golden Book consists of the signatures of especially honoured guests of Hamburg.
The book itself is a box with not fixed sheets.
It is folded in golden leather and a gift of the family of the First Mayor Carl Friedrich Petersen (1809 – 1892).
In 1937 the German leader Adolf Hitler signed the book before giving a public speech in Hamburg.
During the denazification Hitler's sheet, as these from other Nazis, was removed from the book.
The only signature remained is from Joseph Goebbels, because he wrote on the same sheet as the former German President Paul von Hindenburg.
The Dalai Lama signed the Golden Book during his 5th visit in Hamburg in February 2007.
Kennedy started playing junior hockey with the Winnipeg South Blues of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL) in 1985.
After being noticed by Graham James at a hockey camp, Kennedy joined the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for the 1986–87 season.
Kennedy spent his entire WHL career with the Broncos, helping the team capture the 1989 Memorial Cup.
For his play during the tournament, Kennedy was named to the Memorial Cup All-Star Team.
He was also named to the WHL's Eastern Conference Second All-Star Team.
Most flowers are pollinated by animals, usually insects.
To be pollinated, a flower needs to be seen.
Most insects have good colour vision, including vision in the ultra-violet (which humans do not have).
The reason for these differences is that the environment is somewhat different in different parts of the range.
Populations become adapted to the situation in their areas, but this adaptation is limited by gene flow between neighbouring sub-species.
Nasi lemak is a commonly found food in Malaysia and Singapore.
It is also an official national food in Malaysia.
It is traditionally wrapped up in banana leaves.
The rice is usually cooked in coconut cream.
Sometimes spices such as ginger are added for their aroma (good smell).
Gashimov was a noted player of bullet chess (2/3 minutes a side), and three times Azerbaijani national chess champion (1995, 1996 and 1998).
Wojtaszek won the Polish Chess Championship in 2005.
In 2006 he played for the Polish team at the Chess Olympiad played in Turin scoring 9 points out of 11 games.
In 2008 Wojtaszek was one of world champion Anand's official seconds for the match with Kramnik.
In 2009 Wojtaszek finished second in the Polish championship, shared second at the international tournament in Lublin and won the Najdorf memorial played in Warsaw.
In 2009/10 he tied for 1st5th at the 39th Rilton Cup in Stockholm.
In 2010 Wojtaszek was again one of world champion Anand official seconds for the match with Topalov.
They are related to the Charophyceae (also called Charophyta) and land plants, together making up the Viridiplantae.
Misgendering is when someone does not use the pronouns preferred by a transgender person, deliberately or by accident.
Deadnaming is using a name that someone used before transitioning.
Transphobia has been identified as a predictor of HIV risk and suicide attempts in transgender people.
A study found that transgender women are 49 times more likely to have HIV compared with adults in general.
Keynes was born in London.
He was the son of Zelfa Hourani and author Randal Keynes.
He has an older sister, Soumaya Keynes (born 1989), who also starred in many productions of the BBC Radio 4.
His grandparents by his mother’s side were Furugh Afnan and Cecil Fadlo Hourani.
Cecil Fadlo Hourani used to be an author and also advisor to Habib Bourguiba, the late Tunisian president.
Cecil Hourani was also the brother of Albert Hourani, a historian who studied about the Middle East.
The Hourani family were immigrants to England.
On his father’s side, Keynes is the grandson of Richard Keynes, the nephew of the Cambridge professor Simon Keynes, and the great-great-nephew of John Maynard Keynes, an economist.
His great-great-great-grandfather was the famous naturalist Charles Darwin, who invented the theory of evolution.
Keynes' great-grandparents were Edgar Adroam.
1st Barpm Adoroam and Hester Adrian, Baroness Adrian, both receivers of the Nobel Prize.
Lactose intolerance is not the same as milk allergy, which is an immune reaction to some of the proteins in milk.
Seinäjoki offers high-quality education from primary school to university level as well as good jobs and living conditions for all age groups.
Seinäjoki region is Finland's sixth largest market area and offers very competitive and attractive trade services.
The Asclepiadaceae, commonly known as the milkweed family, is a former plant family now treated as a subfamily (subfamily Asclepiadoideae) in the Apocynaceae.
One of the most famous examples of wind erosion occurred in the Dust Bowl, when wind erosion severely damaged farming communities.
Robert Barisford Brown (born February 5, 1969) is an American R&B singer-songwriter and former member of New Edition.
He left the group in 1986 and has many hits, including Don't be Cruel, Every Little Step and Roni.
Brown is an African-American who was born in Roxbury, Boston, Massachusetts.
Kristine Tsuya Yamaguchi (born July 1971) is a retired American figure skater.
She was the first Asian American to win an Olympic gold medal in figure skating.
Her skills have inspired many people.
In all Parallelogram's opposite angles are equal to each other.
The 2001 Anthrax attacks were a series of incidents in the United States.
The attacks began on September 18, 2001 and lasted for several weeks.
Anthrax was spread through the mail.
The anthrax spores were put in envelopes and sent to several news media offices and two U.S.
senate offices.
The Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour is the number one tier tennis tour for men's tennis competition.
The 2011 ATP World Tour calendar consists of Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the ATP World Tour Masters 1000, the ATP World Tour 500 series, the ATP World Tour 250 series, the ATP World Team Championship, the Davis Cup (organized by the ITF), and the ATP World Tour Finals.
Also included in the 2011 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.
The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour is the number one tier professional tennis tour for women's tennis competition.
The 2011 WTA Tour calendar comprises the Grand Slam tournaments (organised by the International Tennis Federation (ITF)), the WTA Premier tournaments (Premier Mandatory, Premier 5 and regular Premier), the WTA International tournaments, the Fed Cup (organised by the ITF), and the year-end championships (the Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions and the WTA Tour Championships).
Also included in the 2011 calendar is the Hopman Cup, which does not distribute ranking points, and is organised by the ITF.
In Bangladesh, the party gained strength in 1976 and won 14 seats in 1979 parliamentary election.
Its importance has decreased since then.
The League no longer holds any major or significant role in Bangladesh.
It is commonly believed that the group is a false flag operation created by the Algerian state intelligence agency.
In 1979 Jackson released Off the Wall.
It was very successful.
However Jackson was not happy.
At the 1980 Grammys he won one Grammy from the album.
It was the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for the single Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough.
Jackson said that It was totally unfair that it didn't get Record of the Year and it can never happen again.
When Jackson made Thriller he wanted it to be more successful than Off the Wall.
Thriller won Record of the Year.
In 2008 twenty-five years after its release the album was released again as Thriller 25.
It had seven extra songs: a new song, For All Time, five remixes with Fergie, will.i.am, Kanye West, and Akon, and a clip from Vincent Price's spoken bit in the song Thriller.
Jackson was the album's executive producer.
Einstein then went on to show that a particle can never achieve the speed of light, because you get a divide by zero error from the equation for kinetic energy, formula_1.
The international centre of the musado is in Dortmund.
The traditional musado has 6 levels (1.-6.
kup) of student which are marked by colour (see the table).
Differently from the majority of the martial arts the student does not have a belt since the beginning.
Only to the term of the course which lasts 2–4 months there is capacity to pass examination for the white belt.
The code of honour is a modern version of the code of ancient Korean units Hwarang.
The First Silesian War (1740–1742), part of the War of the Austrian Succession (1740–1748), resulted in Frederick conquering the Polish part of Silesia.
Austria attempted to recover Silesia in the Second Silesian War (1744–1745), but Frederick was victorious again and forced Austria to stick to the previous peace terms.
Prussian possession of Silesia gave the kingdom control over the Oder River.
Since 2007, she has been married to astronaut and United States Senator Mark Kelly.
The 2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks' 81st season.
After she was divorced from Johnson in 1983, Gifford met sports commentator Frank Gifford (born August 16, 1930) during an episode of ABC's Good Morning America; they both married in 1986.
By that time she was several months into her most famous television role, as a full-time morning talk show personality.
On June 24, 1985, she replaced Ann Abernathy as co-host of The Morning Show on WABC-TV with Regis Philbin.
The program went into national broadcast in 1988 as Live!with Regis and Kathie Lee, and Gifford became well-known across the country.
In the 1990s, millions of morning-TV viewers watched her descriptions of life at home with her husband and their two children.
She appeared as a spokesperson for Slim Fast diet shakes after her son, Cody, was born.
She also was a celebrity of Carnival Cruises in the late 1980s and early 1990s, singing If my friends could see me now!
Gifford left Live with Regis and Kathie Lee on 2000 after 15 years to focus on spending time with family and continue her singing career.
Both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their claws at the prey, and can cause serious damage on victims larger than themselves.
Born in London, where her parents lived at the time, she was named for the River Aeron.
In 1949, the family moved to the Boat House, Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, Wales.
After her father's death in 1953, she and her mother went to Rome, later moving to Sicily.
She learnt Italian and became a translator of Italian poetry.
She was also known as an ambassador for her father's work, and as a patron of the Dylan Thomas Society.
Visiting professor in schools and universities in the U.K.
and abroad, in the late ‘90s she was very popular with the students of Giuseppe Perotti School in Torino, Italy, for her creative writing courses.
The document was an important part of the American Revolutionary War.
It lead to the Declaration of Independence, which the Second Continental Congress wrote and signed into law later that year.
Common Sense helped by creating mass support.
On July 1, 2008, Babchuk re-signed with the Hurricanes to a one-year contract for the 2008–09 season.
He led all Hurricanes' defensemen with 16 goals in 72 games.
Following a contract dispute that lead to him requesting a trade out of Carolina, Babchuk turned back to Russia on 19 September 2009, re-signing with Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) club Avangard Omsk.
During the very first training day in Omsk, he broke the ice rink glass with a shot at Arena Omsk.
Taiwan is a medium-sized chain of islands in East Asia at 23°30 N, 121°00 E .
It runs through the Tropic of Cancer.
Also known as Formosa, it makes up most of the territories of the Republic of China (commonly known as Taiwan).
The island of Formosa (or Taiwan) was formed about 4.5 million years ago from a Geosyncline.
It is part of an island arc.
It was formed when the Eurasian Plate slid under an old chain of volcanic islands in the Philippine Mobile Belt.
At the northern end of the island, the Philippine Mobile Belt sank under the Eurasian Plate.
A community was established in Mandaue by a flourishing group of Indonesian, Malayan and Chinese merchants.
The Venetian chronicler Antonio Pigafetta wrote a settlement called Mandani existed in the area with a chieftain who was named Aponoan then a few decades later another ruler named Lambusan.
Mandaue was established as a mission village (which included present day Consolacion, Liloan and Poro) in 1638 by Jesuit then a century later by the Recollects.
The Philippine revolution in 1898 gave the town a new form of administration in accordance with the organic decree of the Central Revolutionary Government.
The short lived revolution was overthrown by the American Troops and a battle nearly destroys the town on 1901.
Oldest accounts of Mandaue's population was written in Bosetta and Bravo's Diccionario between 1637 to 1638 was 11,034.
During the first year of its township in 1899, Mandaue had 42 barrios and with a population of 21,086.
When Mandaue was a second class municipality in 1964 she had a population of 33,811.
Servant of God is the title given to a deceased person of the Catholic Church whose life and works are being investigated in consideration for official recognition by the Pope and the Catholic Church as a saint in Heaven.
The port has several different parts to it.
Auckland Point was where coal began to be exported in 1925.
A man from Hesper named Henry Thompson tried to run to Lawrence to tell the people there that an attack was coming.
He was able to run all the way to Eudora before he was too tired.
An unknown man riding a chaise came across Thompson to ask if he needed help.
Thompson told him that he ran all the way from Hester, and that he needed to warn Lawrence.
Thompson and the man were able to get some people from Eudora to go to Lawrence to warn of an attack.
They were too late.
Cabral retired to his properties in Santarém.
He died in c.
1520 and was buried in a monastery in Santarém, Portugal.
Arctodus and Tremarctos share characteristics common to herbivorous bears.
These were either ancestral traits of the group, or clues to their preferred diets.
Arctotherium was more closely related to the spectacled bear than to Arctodus, implying convergent evolution of large size in the two lineages.
Both species were omnivores, browsing on shrubs and trees, and eating browsers like deer, camels, llamas, tapirs, ground sloths, and wood bison, Dental damage from eating carbohydrates, and seeds in Arctodus simus' poop proves plants were consumed, while bone damage on prey matches both Arctodus species' teeth.
Analyses of Arctodus simus' bone chemicals confirm that the giant short-faced bear lived in open forests and other vegetated areas, and sometimes ate other open forest inhabitants.
A control variable is something in an experiment that is kept the same.
Having control variables means that the experiment will be a fair test.
The Chevrolet Volt is an American plug-in hybrid car.
The car was first produced in 2011 and is made by the Chevrolet division of General Motors.
This vehicle travels 25 to 50 miles (38 miles average) on electric power alone.
After the battery is depleted, it switches to the extended range mode.
The Plaza was inaugurated in 1967 to serve as a forum to various events of Ferias del Sol, and has a capacity of 16,000 spectators.
Williams is most often known and publicly recognized simply as Vanessa Williams.
There is, however, occasional confusion with similarly named actress Vanessa A.
Williams, who is just two months younger.
Mercury was one of the automobile divisions owned by Ford.
The company was founded in 1938.
Between 1945 and 2011, it was the Mercury half of the Lincoln-Mercury division of the Ford Motor Company.
The vehicles made by Mercury include Mountaineer, Sable, Milan and Grand Marquis.
The Mercury brand was discontinued in early 2011.
S.
popularis was about 15 metres (50 ft) long.
A longer specimen is now placed in Shastasaurus rather than Shonisaurus.
Shonisaurus had a long pointed mouth that contained teeth only at the front end.
It had a large whale-like body, a long dolphin-like snout, and its flippers were much longer, and narrower than in other ichthyosaurs.
All of these features suggest that Shonisaurus may be a relatively specialised offshoot of the main ichthyosaur evolutionary line.
Demography studies the statistics of human populations.
Demography is usually used to study dynamic (constantly changing) populations.
It covers the study of the size, structure and distribution of these populations and the changes in these populations due to births, deaths, migration and emigration.
The railway from Brisbane reached Chinchilla in 1878.
The area became well known for its' dairy farming which became the main industry.
In the 1920s, the Chinchilla area, and more than 24 million hectares of Australia had become overgrown with an imported cactus, called prickly pear.
In 1925 the Australian government imported a moth from Argentina, cactoblastis, which ate the prickly pear.
The Chinchilla Experimental Station was set up to breed these moths and release them.
At one time the station was sending out 14 million moth eggs a day.
The species name Masiakasaurus knopfleri, was named for Mark Knopfler, a guitarist and singer from the rock band Dire Straits.
The paleontologists who discovered this dinosaur were listening to Knopfler's music when they found and dug up Masiakasaurus.
Windows on the World was a group of venues at the top floors (106th and 107th) of the North Tower of the World Trade Center.
It included Windows on the World, a smaller restaurant which was called Wild Blue, and a bar which was called The Greatest Bar on Earth.
The restaurant was destroyed in the September 11 attacks.
The largest bony fish of all time was Leedsichthys problematicus from the Middle Jurassic, at around long.
Earlier claims have been scaled down.
and weighing up to 16,000 pounds.
The largest dromaeosaurid is Utahraptor.
In addition to being the largest known dromaeosaurid, it was also the largest known deinonychosaur and the largest known paravian.
The largest thyreophoran was Ankylosaurus at in length and 6.5 tons in weight.
Stegosaurus was also 9 meters (30 ft) long but around 5 tons in weight.
The largest plesiosaur was Mauisaurus haasti, growing to about 20 metres (66 ft) in length.
Next behind was Elasmosaurus at 14 metres (46 ft) long.
The largest known prehistoric snake is Titanoboa, estimated at in length and 1135 kg–1819 kg in weight.
Another large fossil snake is , estimated at around in length.
Both these snakes lived in tropical rain forests.
In third place is an aquatic snake, , which may have been around in length.
Clifford Lee Burton (February 10, 1962 – September 27, 1986) was an American musician.
He is best known for playing the bass guitar in the thrash metal band Metallica from 1982 until his death in 1986.
Humanistic psychology was developed in the 1950s in reaction to both behaviourism (the belief that conditioning is the main cause of human behavior) and psychoanalysis (the belief that the unconscious is the main cause of human behavior).
Hitting the Philippines just days after Typhoon Nesat, Nalgae caused further damage across Luzon.
It was first feared that Nalgae would cause much more damage to Luzon.
But damage from the storm was lighter than Typhoon Nesat.
Nearly 2,900 homes were destroyed and about another 15,400 took damage.
At least 18 people were killed by the storm and another 7 were reported as missing as of October 11.
A total of 1,113,763 people were affected by the storm.
Total losses in the country reached just over 115 million PHP (US$2.62 million).
While going through the Philippines, Banyan had heavy rains across much of the country.
This led to widespread flooding.
At least ten people were killed by the storm.
A total of 75,632 people were affected by the storm.
On December 11, a disturbance formed and stayed near Chuuk.
On December 13, the low pressure area quickly got stronger.
On the same day, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure to a tropical depression.
They named it 27W.
The JMA also upgraded it to a tropical depression.
The JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm on December 14.
They then downgraded it to a tropical depression early on December 15.
The PAGASA called it Sendong as it entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility.
After passing Palau on December 15, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm.
They named it Washi.
On December 16, Washi made landfall over Surigao del Sur, a province of the Philippines.
Several hours later, Washi arrived at the Sulu Sea and regained its strength quickly.
Late on December 17, Washi crossed Palawan, and arrived at the South China Sea.
On December 19, Washi weakened into a tropical depression and dissipated.
Cruithne is in a normal elliptic orbit around the Sun.
Its period of revolution around the Sun, about 364 days at present, is almost equal to that of the Earth.
Because of this, Cruithne and Earth appear to follow each other in their paths around the Sun.
This is why Cruithne is sometimes called Earth's second moon.
However, it does not orbit the Earth and is not a moon.
In 2058, Cruithne will come within 13.6 million kilometres of Mars.
Cruithne's distance from the Sun and orbital speed vary a lot more than the Earth's, so from the Earth's point of view Cruithne actually follows a kidney bean-shaped horseshoe orbit ahead of the Earth, taking slightly less than one year to complete a circuit of the bean.
Because it takes slightly less than a year, the Earth falls behind the bean a little more each year, and so from our point of view, the circuit is not quite closed, but rather like a spiral loop that moves slowly away from the Earth.
After many years, the Earth will have fallen so far behind that Cruithne will then actually be catching up on the Earth from behind.
When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth; this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year.
The kidney bean will then start to migrate away from the Earth again in the opposite direction — instead of the Earth falling behind the bean, the Earth is pulling away from the bean.
The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year 2292 — in July of that year, Cruithne will approach Earth to about 12,500,000 kilometres.
More resonant near-Earth objects (NEOs) have since been discovered.
These include 54509 YORP, (85770) 1998 UP1, 2002 AA29, and 2009BD which exist in resonant orbits similar to Cruithne's.
Other examples of natural bodies known to be in horseshoe orbits include Janus and Epimetheus, natural satellites of Saturn.
The orbits these two moons follow around Saturn are much simpler than the one Cruithne follows, but operate along the same general principles.
Newton was born in Savannah, Georgia to parents Cecil and Jackie Newton.
His father played professional football in the NFL.
He grew up in College Park, Georgia.
He attended Seaborn Lee Elementary School and then Camp Creek Middle School.
In 2003, he attended Westlake High School in Fulton County, Georgia, where he played football and basketball.
In January 2009, Newton transferred to Blinn College a junior college in Brenham, Texas.
In fall 2009, he was quarterback for the team.
The team won the 2009 NJCAA National Football Championship.
Newton then wanted to transfer to a four-year college, and his father allegedly sought money from the schools competing for Newton's attendance.
Newton transferred to Auburn University where he also played quarterback.
The track was originally recorded and co-written by Pink for the album Funhouse but did not make the final cut.
On November 18, 2009, Lambert announced via his official website that his second single from his debut album would be Whataya Want from Me.
The song was the second single announced before the CD was officially available to the public.
The song became available as a legal download in the United States on November 20, 2009 when his CD was officially released.
The song was also included on Now That's What I Call Music!#34 and was covered in the Kidz Bop series.
Before Time for Miracles was released to the public, it had already garnered positive reviews.
Eau Claire is a city in west central Wisconsin just south of Chippewa Falls.
The first mention of a possible Order of Merit was made after the Battle of Trafalgar, in 1805.
It was discussed in letters between the First Lord of the Admiralty, and Prime Minister William Pitt.
Nothing came from the idea.
Later, Queen Victoria, her courtiers, and politicians, all thought that a new order, based on the Prussian order Pour le Mérite, would make up for the insufficient recognition offered by the established honours system to achievement outside of public service, in realms such as art, music, literature, industry, and science.
Victoria's husband, Albert, Prince Consort, took an interest in the matter; he wrote in his diary that he met on 16 January 1844 with Robert Peel to discuss the idea of institution of a civil Order of Merit and three days later he talked with the Queen on the subject.
The concept did not wither and, on 5 January 1888, British prime minister the Marquess of Salisbury submitted to the Queen a draft constitution for an Order of Merit in Science and Art, consisting of one grade split into two branches of knighthood: the Order of Scientific Merit - for Knights of Merit in Science, with the post-nominal letters KMS and the Order of Artistic Merit - for Knights of Merit in Art, with the post-nominal letters KMA.
However, Sir Frederic Leighton, President of the Royal Academy, advised against the new order, primarily because of its selection process.
COBOL is a programming language that was developed in the year 1959.
It was one of the first computer programming languages.
The name COBOL stands for COmmon Business-Oriented Language.
COBOL was created because people wanted a language they could use to describe the problems in a way that is independent of the hardware used.
Like SQL COBOL uses a syntax that is close to that of natural languages.
As an example, ADD YEARS TO AGE is a valid expression.
Scientific research was the main focus of Boyle's life.
He joined other like-minded men in a group which called itself the Invisible College.
He was part of the group which founded the Royal Society in 1660.
In March 2012, it was announced that The Expendables 3 might start filming in late 2012, with Sylvester Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Li and the rest of the cast returning for the third movie.
This is a list of filmography of all of Sylvester ″Sly″ Stallone's most prominent onscreen acting action roles as well as directing, screenwriting, producing and voice acting roles.
Also, included in this list are some of Stallone's special cameo appearances and exclusive extra.
Ski jumping is, mostly, a winter sport performed on snow where skiers go down a take-off ramp, jump forward and land as far as possible down the hill below.
Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style.
The skis used for ski jumping are wide and long ().
Ski jumping is a part of the Winter Olympic Games.
Herons are wading birds in the Ardeidae family.
There are 64 recognised species in this family.
Some are called egrets or bitterns instead of herons.
Since 1948 the cattle egret has been permanently resident in Israel.
Prior to 1948 it was only a winter visitor.
XlI.
Pakistan shall be a federal lslamic state, so residuary powers shall rest with provinces not the central government.
Exmoor Enterprise is likely to cost around £30 million, including the building of replica vehicles and improving the line as an important local tourist attraction.
Woody Bay station was built in part to serve the expected development of a resort at Woody Bay, a mile or so to the north.
A pier was built in the bay, although not much more building took place, and the pier was destroyed by storms before it properly opened.
A carriage shed has been built into a cutting beyond the station.
It is a temporary structure erected in 2003, and can be moved when the line expands.
Upstate New York is the part of the state of New York that is north or west of the New York metropolitan area.
The people who live in upstate New York came from different places than the people who live in New York City.
Also, upstate New York is more moderate politically, with rural counties voting more conservative and urban counties more liberal, contrasted with the mostly liberal New York City.
Dorothy Hamill (born July 26, 1956) is an American athlete.
She won a gold medal in the 1976 Winter Olympics in figure skating.
All bovids have even-toed hooves, horizontal pupils, ruminating guts, and (in at least the males) bony horns.
Horns are not shed and are not made of bone, which distinguishes them from antlers.
Sintel is a short 15-minute movie made with computers using open source software.
Blender was the main program used to make the movie.
It began production in September 2009 and was released on September 28, 2010.
The online release was made available for download on September 30, 2010.
Stresemann was not, however, in any sense pro-French.
His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France, imposed by the Treaty of Versailles.
His strategy for this was to forge an economic alliance with the United States.
The U.S.
was Germany's main source of food and raw materials, and one of Germany's largest export markets for manufactured goods.
Germany's economic recovery was thus in the interests of the U.S., and gave the U.S.
an incentive to help Germany escape from the reparations burden.
The Dawes and Young plans were the result of this strategy.
Stresemann had a close relationship with Herbert Hoover, who was Secretary of Commerce in 1921-28 and President from 1929.
This strategy worked remarkably well until it was derailed by the Great Depression after Stresemann's death.
The Western Victorian Volcanic Plains in Victoria, Australia, also known as the Newer Volcanic Province, are the third largest volcanic plains in world.
The biggest is the Deccan Plateau in India and the Snake River Plateau in the USA.
The Western Victorian Volcanic Plains cover an area of 2.3 million hectares, more than 10% of the state.
The basalt plains were formed by volcanoes over the last 6 million years with the most recent eruption being at Mount Napier 7,200 years ago.
There are only a few rivers which flow across the plains, these are the Barwon, Hopkins, Leigh, Maribyrnong, Wannon and Werribee Rivers and the Mount Emu Creek.
More than 90% of the plains have been cleared for farming.
Mayfly are insects whose aquatic larvae (called naiads or nymphs) live from several months up to a year, in freshwater.
The naiads go through 20 or 30 moults as they develop.
Brillat-Savarin was born in the town of Belley, Ain, where the River Rhone separated France from Savoy.
He studied law, chemistry and medicine in Dijon and practiced law in his hometown.
He was born Jean Anthelme Brillat, but adopted his second surname because an aunt named Savarin left him her entire fortune on the condition that he adopt her name.
Physiologie du Goût, ou Méditations de Gastronomie Transcendante; ouvrage théorique, historique et à l'ordre du jour, dédié aux Gastronomes parisiens, par un Professeur, membre de plusieurs sociétés littéraires et savantes.
The book has not been out of print since it first appeared, shortly before Brillat-Savarin's death.
Its most notable English translation was done by food writer and critic M.
F.
K.
Fisher, who remarked I hold myself blessed among translators.
Her translation was first published in 1949.
Christopher George Latore Wallace (May 21, 1972 – March 9, 1997), better known by his stage names, The Notorious B.I.G., Biggie Smalls, or simply Biggie, was an American rapper, who grew up in Brooklyn, a borough of New York City.
Wallace is considered by many music enthusiasts to be one of the greatest rappers of all time.
Wallace became known for his distinctive laid-back lyrical delivery, offsetting the lyrics' often grim content.
His music was often semi-autobiographical, telling of hardship and criminality, but also of debauchery and celebration.
Both his death and the death of his friend/rival Tupac Shakur, who died in September 1996, are still unsolved.
After Ip Man died, the teacher Duncan Leung taught Wing Chun in Hong Kong from 1945 to 1969.
In 1931 Hardy received the Grand Prix de Langue française from the French Academy.
He was the first Belgian to win the prize, and he won it for his poem Le Cortège des mois.
After the pathogen has been killed, the offspring of B and T cells continue.
They are ready for a faster response next time.
This is a kind of 'immunological memory'.
These cells allow the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered.
Samuel Peralta Sammy Sosa (born November 12, 1968 in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic) is a retired Dominican baseball player.
Sosa played for the Texas Rangers, Chicago White Sox, Chicago Cubs, Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers during his career.
He was known for the many home runs he hit.
The idea was to simulate hypothetical conditions thought to be present on the early Earth (Hadean or early Archaean).
It was a test of the chemical origins of life.
Specifically, the experiment tested Alexander Oparin's and J.B.S.
Haldane's hypothesis that conditions on the primitive Earth favored chemical reactions that synthesized organic compounds from inorganic precursors.
Considered to be the classic experiment on the origin of life, it was conducted in 1952 and published in 1953 by Stanley Miller and Harold Urey at the University of Chicago.
Born This Way is the second full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga.
The album was released on May 23, 2011.
It was released under Streamline, and Kon Live Records.
The album was produced by DJ White Shadow and RedOne.
The album's lead single Born This Way was released on Friday, February 11, 2011, and became Gaga's third US number-one single.
Suchet was one of the few senior French officers serving in Spain who managed to preserve their reputation intact.
The largest city in the interior is Fairbanks, which is Alaska's second-largest city.
Other towns include North Pole, Eagle, Tok, Glennallen, Delta Junction, Nenana, Anderson, Healy and Cantwell.
The months from May to July in the summer have no darkness at night.
They only have a twilight during the night hours.
The months of November to January are the other way around.
They have little daylight.
It is light for about 21 hours every day between May 10 and August 2.
It is light less than four hours each day between November 18 and January 24.
On clear winter nights, the aurora borealis, or Northern lights can often be seen dancing in the sky.
When Montagnier led efforts at the Pasteur Institute in 1982 to determine a cause for AIDS, Barré-Sinoussi was a member of his team.
Through dissection of an infected patient’s lymph node, they determined that AIDS was caused by a retrovirus, which came to be known as HIV.
Their work led to the development of new antiviral drugs and diagnostic methods.
Lobster Newberg, and Delmonico Potatoes were invented at Delmonico's restaurant, and possibly Chicken à la King, but it was most famous for Delmonico steak.
Eggs Benedict were also said to have originated at Delmonico’s, although others claim that dish as well.
In cooking, a consommé is a type of clear soup made from richly flavoured stock or bouillon.
Double consommé is clarified often through a fining process involving egg protein.
It usually requires an advanced knowledge of cooking and past experience to create a high quality consommé.
Consommé has maintained its place as one of the most highly regarded and appreciated soups in the world.
For transportation to centers, some shelters offer free transportation.
In some cases for persons being released from jail can get rides, if the weather is bad.
Hull played 17 seasons in the NHL with 3 teams, the Chicago Black Hawks for 15 seasons, the Winnipeg Jets for 1 season and the Hartford Whalers for 1 season.
The black-eyed pea, also called black-eyed bean, a subspecies of the cowpea, is a medium-sized edible bean.
Humans first grew the pea probably in West Africa, but it is now grown all over the world.
Looking for truffles in open ground is almost always carried out with specially trained pigs (hogs) or, more recently, dogs.
The Lagotto Romagnolo is the only dog breed recognized for sniffing out truffles (although virtually any breed could be trained for this purpose).
Grozde was born on May 27, 1923 in the village of Gorenje Vodale, Tržišče near Mokronog in Lower Carniola, Slovenia.
Soon rumors spread about cruel way the Tone Tomšič Partisan Brigade, which had conquered Mirna, celebrated the New Year.
On March 27, 2010 the news came from Rome that Pope Benedict XVI had affirmed the martyrdom of Lojze Grozde.
Thus a solemn beatification is allowed that took place at the Slovenian eucharistic congress in Celje on June 13, 2010.
The Subtle Knife is the second book of the His Dark Materials trilogy written by Philip Pullman and first published in 1997.
Prime Minister John Key said that the 22nd of February may well be New Zealand's darkest day.
Australia has offered help, and immediately sent a search and rescue team of 70 from New South Wales on a RAAF C-130 Hercules.
Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd also said a second team from South Australia will also be sent with more equipment.
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has offered John Key any other help he may need.
Darwin thought most species came directly from pre-existing species.
This is called anagenesis: species by changing, or 'phyletic evolution'.
For much of the 20th century, scientists thought most species came when earlier species split.
This is called cladogenesis.
Ring species provide important evidence of evolution: they illustrate what happens over time as populations genetically diverge.
Richard Dawkins observed that ring species are only showing us in the spatial dimension something that must always happen in the time dimension.
The 2011 Australian Open was the 99th edition of the Australian Open.
It was held at Melbourne Park, in Melbourne, Victoria.
The tournament was an event run by the International Tennis Federation (ITF).
It was part of the 2011 ATP World Tour and the 2011 WTA Tour calendars.
The tournament consisted of men's and women's singles and doubles draws as well as a mixed doubles event.
There was also singles and doubles events for boys and girls (players under 18).
The tournament was part of the Grade A group of tournaments of the junior tour.
There was also events for wheelchair tennis players (they competed in three categories: men, women and quadipedic) as part of the NEC tour.
The tournament was played on hard courts.
The three biggest courts used were the Hisense Arena, the Margaret Court Arena and the Rod Laver Arena.
In 1994, Kelly married Aaliyah.
Aaliyah lied about her age so the marriage would be legal.
The Bird and Reptile building opened in 1929.
In 1930 the Lion building opened.
The bighorn sheep exhibit (originally called Monkey Island) was constructed in 1936.
The aviary was constructed in 1941.
The barnyard and petting zoo opened in 1949.
In the 1950s, Potter Park Zoo had 138 mammals and 267 birds.
A magellanic penguin exhibit opened in 1985.
In 1986 the zoo became a member of the American Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA).
In 1989 the zoo's Lion House was renovated and renamed the Feline and Primate Building.
In 2005 endangered tiger cubs were born at the zoo.
They were featured on NBC's Today Show.
In 2005 the River Otter and Arctic Fox exhibits opened.
In November 2006 Lansing transferred the operation and maintenance of the zoo to Ingham County.
Potter Park Zoo's Feline and Primate Building has two Amur tigers, African lions, snow leopards, mandrills, Pallas' cats, cotton-top tamarins, black-headed spider monkeys,golden lion tamarins, mongoose, red-ruffed, and ring-tailed lemurs.
E.
coli was one of the first organisms to have its genome sequenced; the complete genome of E.
coli K12 was published by Science in 1997.
He was born in 1915 in Tokyo, Japan, as the son of Soetsu Yanagi, who founded the mingei movement which celebrated Japanese folk crafts and the beauty of everyday objects.
Soetsu helped establish the Nihon Mingeikon, the Folk Crafts Museum of Japan.
Sori entered Tokyo Art School in 1934, where he studied both art and architecture.
He was influenced by Le Corbusier as well as by Charlotte Perriand when she worked in Japan in the early 1940s.
So, his interests moved from painting to buildings to design and objects.
The yukata is a kind of kimono.
Yukata are very casual kimono, and are worn in the summer.
Members of the League speak Iroquoian languages that are very different from those of other Iroquoian speakers.
This suggests that while the different Iroquoian tribes had the same historical and cultural origin, they came apart over a long enough time that their languages became different.
Evidence from archaeology shows that Iroquois ancestors lived in the Finger Lakes region from at least 1000 AD.
The hoopoe is classified in the Coraciiformes clade, a group that also includes kingfishers, bee-eaters, rollers, and woodhoopoes (forming a clade with this one according to Hackett et al.
(2008)).
A close relationship between the hoopoe and the woodhoopoes is also supported by the shared and unique nature of their stapes.
The things which stop species or groups of organisms reproducing sexually are called isolating mechanisms.
The British sent Bahadur Shah II, the last Mughal Emperor, out of India and kept him in Rangoon (now called Yangon), in Burma (now called Myanmar), where he died in 1862.
The Mughal dynasty, which had ruled India for about 400 years, ended with his death.
The British also took many steps to employ members of Indian higher castes and rulers in the government and started to employ Indians in the civil services but only at the lower levels.
The British stopped both taking the lands of the remaining princes and rulers of India and interfering in religious matters.
They increased the number of British soldiers and banned others from handling artillery.
An one-party system is a form of government where the country is ruled by a single political party, meaning only one political party exists and the forming of other political parties is forbidden.
The island has an airfield that has been out of use for several years.
One large industry in the 1920s was the motorcar industry.
They was made on a production line, which was a relatively new idea at the time.
The idea was first developed in the steel industry, and adopted by Henry Ford for his car industry.
By the year 1929, 4.8 million cars had been made.
Fall Out Boy formed in 2001.
They released their mini-album Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend in 2003 and Take This to Your Grave in the same year.
On 4 November 2017, he was arrested in Saudi Arabia, in an anti-corruption raid, together with, among others, Waleed bin Ibrahim Al Ibrahim and Saleh Abdullah Kamel.
Andrew Andy Panda is a fictional panda.
He was created by Walter Lantz for Universal Studios in the 1930s - 1940s from 1939 to 1949.
Rue McClanahan (February 21, 1934 – June 3, 2010) was an American actress and comedian.
She acted in several television sitcoms, most notably The Golden Girls.
She won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in 1987.
Lamborghini built several different kinds of the Diablo.
After its first release in 1990, it was re-designed in 1998.
It was sold until 2001.
Lamborghini revealed the Diablo GT in 1998.
It was made mainly to be used for track racing.
The Diablo GT weighed less than the standard Diablo.
The Diablo GT’s engine’s size was increased to .
The engine made and of torque.
A version of the Diablo GT’s engine was later used in the Diablo VT 6.0.
The first Countach model was the LP400.
Lamborghini started making the LP400 in 1974.
The car used a Lamborghini V12 engine.
This engine was based on the one used in the Lamborghini Miura.
In the LP400, it made .
By the end of 1977, Lamborghini had made 158 Countach LP400s.
Lamborghini made a version of the Countach for the United States.
The US version of the Countach had larger impact bumpers than the European version.
Many owners removed the bumpers.
This was because many people said that the bumpers ruined the look of the Countach.
The table below shows what engines the different Countach models had.
All Countach models had a five-speed manual transmission paired to the engine.
The engine was mid-mounted in the Countach.
There are lots of parks and forests in Southeast Alaska, and many islands.
The largest islands are, Chichagof Island, Admiralty Island, Baranof Island, and Prince of Wales Island.
Southeast Alaska is a temperate rainforest within what is called the Pacific temperate rain forest zone.
The most common trees are evergreens like the Sitka spruce and the Western hemlock.
She is the wife of Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg, the former German Minister of Defence.
A member of the Bismarck family, she is the great-great-granddaughter of Chancellor Prince Otto Bismarck and great-granddaughter of Foreign Secretary Herbert, Prince of Bismarck.
She is also a descendant of Robert Whitehead, the inventor of the torpedo, and diplomat Alexander, Count of Hoyos.
Australia Day is a public holiday held on 26 January every year in Australia.
It is celebrated to remember the day that the First Fleet landed in Australia.
On 26 January 1788 British people landed at Sydney Cove and began a British convict settlement.
In October 2010, shortly after the show started, Web blog Cartoon Brew wrote a blog called The End of the Creator-Driven Era in TV Animation, which had attacked the show for being supported by a big brand name, saying that today networks clearly prefer established properties over original ideas, and dislike dealing with individual artists who have a clear creative vision.
That means that the writer did not like that the people who put TV shows on TV would put shows on that had a brand name and told older boring stories instead of TV shows that had new or original stories.
The people in /co/, the place in 4chan for cartoons and animations, who hadn't seen the show yet, were interested by the alarmist words in the blog and began watching the show, and liked the show for the story, characters, and animation style.
Their reaction soon spread to the general board, /b/, of 4chan.
The reaction from 4chan created many My Little Pony recurring jokes and memes on the site.
Fans of the shows call themselves a brony, a combination of the words bro and pony.
At first it was only meant to be used by male fans but the word is now used to describe any older fan of the show without it describing only one gender.
A parody of Katy Perry's California Gurls called Equestria Girls was used for an ad by The Hub for the show, which has lyrics that also say the word brony.
Its title was later made into which has human versions of the ponies in the show.
Websites like Equestria Daily and Ponychan have been created to share stories, artwork, and news about the show.
The websites get more than 100,000 visits a day.
A video made by a high school student named Stephen who was using science to study some of the physical impossibilities on My Little Pony as part of a class presentation appeared on many news stations and also appeared on Tosh.0.
During a phone interview on NPR's comedy radio show Wait Wait...
Don't Tell Me!
in June 2011, past President Bill Clinton correctly answered three questions about the show which led one journalist to jokingly refer to him as a brony.
To help people who were in the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, Faust sold some original drawings from the show along with a new picture of Derpy Hooves.
The Derpy Hooves picture sold for more than $2000 on eBay.
Pear trees are typically in production for an average of 50 to 75 years, although some trees still produce fruit after 100 years.
If someone wants to visit a Gurdwara, a certain protocol (or set of rules and expectations) must be followed.
In Sikhism, there are strict rules against using tobacco, liquor, or narcotics.
These things are not allowed in or around the Gurdwara.
Before entering the hall, people take off their shoes, wash their hands, cover their head, and think of the Guru.
Even non-Sikhs must cover their head with a handkerchief or scarf.
After entering the hall, where Guru Granth Sahib is kept, people must walk slowly, bow humbly, and touch their foreheads to the ground, out of respect and love for the Guru.
As people bow, they must place an offering (or gift) respectfully before the Guru.
The offering may be money, flowers, or words of thanks.
Any sincere expression of thanks is equally acceptable to the Guru.
After bowing and offering, a person should sit quietly in the Sangat (congregation), without disturbing others.
Usually men sit on one side and women on the other.
People sit in a cross-legged position.
Talking or whispering is not allowed.
A Béarnaise sauce is simply clarified butter, an egg yolk, a shallot, a little tarragon vinegar.
It takes years of practice for the result to be perfect.
Old Dominion University (ODU) is a public university in Norfolk, Virginia.
The university has about 24,125 students.
It was founded in 1930.
The current president of the university is John R.
Broderick.
Biologists now recognize that the prokaryotes, the bacteria and archaea have the ability to transfer genetic information between unrelated organisms through horizontal gene transfer (HGT).
Recombination, gene loss, duplication, and gene creation are a few of the processes by which genes can be transferred within and between bacterial and archaeal species, causing variation that is not due to vertical transfer.
He succeeded to the throne on 16 November 1797 and took over personal power without giving responsibility to his ministers.
Unfortunately he was not able to follow a consistent course for himself.
Although Frederick William himself resigned to Prussia's fate, his ministers set about a reform of Prussia's administration and military.
From 1985-1992 she played in The Golden Girls as Sophia Petrillo.
In 1986, she was awarded a Golden Globe Award and in 1988, an Emmy Award.
The worst place for highwayman were Shooter’s Hill and Finchely Common.
Gilda Susan Radner (June 28, 1946 – May 20, 1989) was an American actress and comedian.
She was born in Detroit, Michigan.
She was one of the original cast members of NBC's comedy program Saturday Night Live (for which she won an Emmy Award in 1978).
She died from ovarian cancer in Los Angeles, California.
name means little girl in Spanish.
La Niñas are often, though not always, preceded by an El Niño phenomenon.
Weather patterns in the United States are usually different than during El Niño years.
During La Niñas the Atlantic hurricane season produces more intense storms than normal.
The symbol for multiplication is × (• in algebra and * in most programming languages).
The symbol for division is / or a fraction.
The symbol for exponentiation is the superscript (formula_56) or the caret (^).
His long list of movie include The Adventures of Martin Eden (1942), The Doctor and the Girl (1949), Plunder of the Sun (1953), Torpedo Run (1958), Experiment in Terror (1962), Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1962), Dear Heart (1964), Is Paris Burning?
(1966), Midway (1976).
He leapt to fame in 1972 playing the role of Kwai Chang Caine, in the TV series Kung Fu.
Kwai Chang Caine is a Shaolin monk fugitive who fled to America to escape the Emperor who put a price on his head, for the crime of his father.
He played the role of Fidel Castro, in the movie Che!
(1969), with Omar Sharif as Che Guevara.
Another role was Capt.
Quincey Whitmore, in Chato's Land (1972), with Charles Bronson and directed by Michael Winner.
In 1992, his father, who is a physical education teacher, convinced the city of Boucherville to open an indoor skate park.
After this, he practiced his sport each day after school for six years and gained skills.
Most of Pennsylvania saw heavy rain.
Much of the northwest part had an ice storm.
Only the most Northwest part of the state saw a blizzard.
He had a starring role in the Western movie Wells Fargo (1937) and Union Pacific (1939).
Those movies turned McCrea, into a prominent actor in westerns, from that moment he would never stop starring in Westerns.
In another of his classics, Buffalo Bill (1944), he plays the legendary buffalo hunter.
His other successful role was of The Virginian in The Virginian (1946).
He was directed by renowned director Raoul Walsh in Colorado Territory (1949), he plays an outlaw who plans to rob the railroad.
From their size and teeth, they may have been insectivores.
August Belmont threw lavish balls and dinner parties, receiving from New York's high society mixed reviews.
Crates are slowly being banned in the United States.
As stated above, several large veal producers are working on getting rid of veal crates, as well as the American Veal Association.
The anise hyssop, Agastache foeniculum (also called blue giant hyssop) is a very different plant and not a close relative, although both are in the mint family.
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America.
The seeds are planted in spring and the seedlings planted out 40–50 cm apart.
Hyssop can also be propagated from cuttings or root division in spring or autumn.
Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well-drained soil, and will benefit from occasional clipping.
It does not live long, and the plants need to be replaced every few years.
It is good for use as a low hedge or border within an herb garden.
Hyssop also has uses in the garden.
It is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the cabbage white butterfly.
It has also been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows, particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy, and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be.
Hyssop is said to be bad for radishes, and they should not be grown nearby.
Hyssop also attracts bees, hoverflies and butterflies, and so has a place in the wild garden as well as being useful in controlling pests and encouraging pollination without the use of unnatural methods.
In the 2007 season, Karthikeyan drove for the A1 Team India.
He made his A1 GP debut in New Zealand and he finished 10th in the sprint race and 7th in the Feature Race.
Karthikeyan won the A1GP of Zhuhai (China) for Team India on 16 December 2007.
Born in London, England.
His career began in silent movies.
The Lightning Raider (1919), The Courage of Marge O'Doone (1920), The Woman Conquers (1922), The Greater Glory (1926), and The Devil's Chaplain (1929), are only a few movies in which he worked, in the 1920s.
The Spanish Data Protection Agency is a public law entity with legal personality.
It has full public and private capacity to act independently of public administration.
It ensures that the owners of the files that contain personal information strictly follow the data protection legislation.
In 1934, the Stooges separated from Ted Healy, and started working as The Three Stooges.
Marvin also had a successful career in television.
He was in the television series M Squad (1957–1960), as Detective Lt.
Frank Ballinger.
He was in 117 episodes in this series.
Girls, Girls, Girls is a single by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.
It is the first single from the album of the same name, released on May 11, 1987 and peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at #12 and #20 on the Mainstream rock charts.
American pop artist Lady GaGa wrote the song Boys Boys Boys as an homage to this song.
Borgnine's first movie work was in a small role in China Corsair (1951), followed by The Whistle at Eaton Falls (1951).
Then in 1953 he would get a role in From Here to Eternity (1953).
This movie had a very well known part with him and Frank Sinatra fighting.
Borgnine won an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role in the movie Marty (1955), one of the best movies of his career.
Before he went to Salzburg he was playing for Slavia Praha in the Czech Gambrinus league (2005 - 2009).
In the 2010/11 season he played even as left defender due to many injured defenders in the team.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S., his first film was Woman Chases Man (1937).
He was in Beau Geste (1939), a classic starring Gary Cooper.
Other movies include Texas Across the River (1966), with Dean Martin, The Ballad of Josie (1967), The Five Man Army (1969), where he leads a group of mercenaries in Mexico.
Early in his career, he played different characters like the detective in Cape Fear (1962), with Gregory Peck and Robert Mitchum, and the role of Feto Gomez in Birdman of Alcatraz (1962), he would win the Academy Award as supporting actor.
One of his best roles in his career was that of Pontius Pilate, in The Greatest Story Ever Told (1965).
For his role, he shaved his head.
He was then personified as the villain Ernst Stavro Blofeld, in the James Bond saga, On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969).
In 1963 he was on an episode of The Twilight Zone.
As in the conventional star network, individual nodes may thus still be isolated from the network by a single-point failure of a transmission path to the node.
The addition of prostate massage to courses of antibiotics was previously proposed as being beneficial.
Minecraft Legends is a strategy role-playing game made by Mojang Studios in 2023.
Mobs from the Nether dimension would fight people in the Overworld dimension.
The player's role is to attack enemies and defeat the Great Hog.
It is the newest Minecraft game.
In sexual reproduction there is, from the point of view of evolution, a fundamental difference of interest between males and females.
This difference of interest plays out differently in different species.
Their interest is to mate with a large number of completely faithful females, thus spreading their genes widely in the population.
Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar is the general of the Yemeni army and Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh's half brother.
He helped recruit Islamist radicals to fight in Afghanistan during the Soviet-Afghan War.
His best known role was that of Det.
Dave Starsky in American TV series Starsky and Hutch.
The series is about two friends police, Dave Starsky and Ken Hutchinson; David Soul, to solve all kinds of cases.
The series ran between 1975 and 1979.
And they filmed 82 episodes.
Glaser and Soul have a small role in the movie Starsky & Hutch (2004).
S&M was the 12th-best performing song of 2011 in the U.S.
and UK and the 20th-best performing in Canada.
His other movie credits include Starship Invasions (1977), with Christopher Lee and directed by Ed Hunt, Brass Target (1978), Virus (1980) and The Delta Force (1986), with Chuck Norris.
Greene gained fame in 1959 starring in the NBC western Bonanza.
He played role of Ben Cartwright, the owner of the Ponderosa Ranch in Virginia City.
In 1955, he starred in his first series Sailor of Fortune, as Capt.
Mitchell.
The series was co-produced by Canada and Britain television, and lasted one season.
Another of his memorable roles was that of John Reynolds in the TV mini-series Roots (1977).
Machel Montano (born 24 November 1974) is a artist from Trinidad and Tobago.
He is the lead of the soca band Xtatik.
He had his first hit as a youth with Too Young To Soca.
He then won the 1987 Caribbean Song Festival.
Montano was born in Curepe (Northwestern Trinidad), and his family moved to Siparia, (Southwestern Trinidad), when he was very young.[6] He attended Siparia Boys' R.C., then Presentation College, a prestigious secondary school in San Fernando, where he was in the choir led by Mrs Cynthia Lee-Mac.[6] Machel first shot to fame as a nine-year-old boy with the song Too Young To Soca while he was still in primary school.
In 1984, along with his older brother Marcus and neighbours, the group Pranasonic Express was started and, in 1989, the band became Xtatik.
In April, 1986, at the age of 11, Montano appeared on the mainstream television show, Star Search.[7] In 1987, he took part in the Trinidad and Tobago National Song Writers Festival, and placed second with his song Dream Girl.
He also won the Caribbean Song Festival in Barbados.
Such a win made Machel the first Trinidadian and youngest contestant to win this competition.
Nelson Frazier, Jr.
(February 14, 1971 – February 18, 2014) was an American professional wrestler.
He is best known for wrestling with World Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Entertainment under the ring names Mabel, King Mabel, Viscera, Vis, and Big Daddy V.
He also wrestled for All Japan Pro Wrestling under the ring name, Big Daddy V and Big Daddy Voodoo.
He was forced to retire from WWE for good as WWE did not want to be responsible for his health problems.
Sylvain Grenier (born March 26, 1977 in Varennes, Québec) is a Canadian professional wrestler.
He is best known for his time working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
He is known for wrestling for the tag team, La Résistance along with Rob Conway and René Duprée.
Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
It was released November 12, 2010.
This record produced several hit songs, including number one hits Only Girl (In the World), What's My Name?
and S&M.
The album received mostly positive reviews from the music critics.
In 1968 he played the role of Joshua Bolt on the television comedy Here Come the Brides.
In the 1990s Soul worked on the big screen with Dolph Lundgren in Pentathlon (1994), directed by Bruce Malmuth.
Borage, also known as starflower, is an annual herb.
Martin Hinteregger ( born September 7 th, 1992 in Feldkirchen, Carinthia) is an Austrian footballplayer and plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Football Bundesliga as defender.
The 1990s were very good for him getting the role of Number Two in Austin Powers (1997) with Mike Myers.
In the 1970s he starred in westerns such as Four Rode Out (1970) and TV Western The Bravos (1972) with George Peppard.
Hoss formed a great duo with 'Little Joe', Michael Landon recording very comic and serious scenes, also in alternating chapters of Bonanza, gunmen stories of drama and comedy.
In 1659 he decided not to accept anything written in a book and, instead, decided to find out things for himself.
He is considered the father of geology and stratigraphy.
Steno was not the first to identify fossils as being from living organisms.
His contemporaries Robert Hooke and John Ray also argued that fossils were the remains of once-living organisms.
A harsh winter in 1934 wiped out many of the Baldwin apple orchards in New England.
Its popularity as an eating apple waned, but some orchards were preserved for many years due to its desirability as a mixing apple for cider.
However, the orchards have not been replaced when they played out.
Baldwin Apples, unlike many apples, have long been prized for the making of hard cider.
West County Cider makes Baldwin Cider from trees planted in the early 1900s.
It is their most popular cider.
People don't agree about what is the original Bible.
Because there are many versions of Greek and Latin Bibles, there are also many versions of the English Bible.
Most English Bible translations are written from a Christian point of view.
Cavendish's 2009 season began at the Tour of Qatar, where he renewed his rivalry with Tom Boonen.
Boonen won the race and one stage, though Cavendish took two stages; he also won two stages at the Tour of California, again beating Boonen in the sprint finishes.
The Tour of California also saw Cavendish win his first points of classification of the 2009 season.
Cavendish was a surprise inclusion in the British squad for the 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, where he competed in the Scratch Race and the Madison, failing to pick-up medals in either.
He took up the European season at Tirreno–Adriatico, the Italian one-week stage race, where he won one stage.
At the start of the 2009 Giro d'Italia Columbia won the Team Time Trial and he was given the Maglia Rosa leaders jersey, becoming the first British rider to ever wear it.
The first 2 road stages however were fruitless for Cavendish, who was beaten to the line by Alessandro Petacchi in the first stage and was caught behind a crash and failed to make it back for the sprint the next day.
Cavendish soon asserted his sprinting dominance on the race however, gaining 3 stage wins before abandoning following stage 13, citing a need to rest for beginning preparations for the Tour de France.
He continued his preparation by racing the Tour de Suisse.
He won both stage 3 and stage 6 to wear the points jersey.
However, this was taken off him by Fabian Cancellara.
Following a dental problem, Mark delayed the start of his 2010 season until the 2010 Ruta del Sol, in mid-February.
Following the lay off his form was poor, and he failed to defend his victory at the 2010 Milan – San Remo.
He was in six minutes after the leaders, down in 89th place.
Cavendish's pre-season goals were to win the green jersey in the Tour de France and win the Road Race at the 2010 World Championships.
Mark also said that he will race in the 2010 Tour of Flanders but said he will not win it, stating that the Tour of Flanders requires training, but he sees himself winning it in the future.
Precambrian marine diversity was dominated by small fossils known as acritarchs.
This term describes almost any small organic walled fossilfrom the egg cases of small metazoans to resting cysts of many different kinds of green algae.
After appearing around 2000 mya, acritarchs had a boom around 1000 mya, increasing in number, diversity, size, complexity of shape and especially size and number of spines.
Their increasingly spiny forms in the last billion years may indicate an increased need for defence against predation.
Other groups of small organisms from the Neoproterozoic era also show signs of anti-predator defences.
Measuring taxon longevity seems to show an increase in predation around this time.
On July 21, 2006, T-Mobile fired Jan Ullrich from the team pending the doping investigation.
In November 2007, Deutsche Telekom AG announced that it was to end sponsorship of professional cycling with immediate effect.
The team continued under the name Team High Road through June 2008.
The team changed nationality in February 2008, switching from Germany to the United States.
On June 15, 2008 Columbia Sportswear announced a three year sponsorship of the team beginning on July 5, the start of the Tour de France.
The team's new name is Team Columbia.
The sponsorship includes both the men's and women's teams.
The announcement of this new deal with Columbia coincided with a highly successful Tour, in which the team won 5 individual stages (four of which went to British sprinter Mark Cavendish) as well as team leader Kim Kirchen leading the general classification in the Tour de France for four days in addition to leading the points classification in the Tour de France.
Baker is known for starring in emblematic action movie in the '70s as Walking Tall (1973), which plays the incorruptible sheriff Buford Pusser of Tennessee, the movie was one of the most violent in the '70s and launched Baker star in action movies.
Florida is a popular destination for birdwatching, because of the many species that can be found in the state at various times of the year.
The Florida Ornithological Society maintains the official state list of the birds of Florida, which currently contains 498 species.
A study published in 2003 by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission documented 196 species of birds which were confirmed to breed in the state, with an additional 19 species listed as possible or probable breeders.
The Great Florida Birding Trail, a 2,000-mile-long (3,200 km) trail, is composed of 489 locations throughout the state which are excellent observation sites.
Tarafa Baghajati (, (born September 1st 1961) in Damascus, Syria) is a human right activist and writer, he is also the chairman of the Austrian Muslim Initiative (AMI).
Some micronations play in competitions.
The biggest football organisation for micronations is known as the MFA (Micronational Football Association), founded by Joe Foxon in 2009.
It has 13 micronations from 7 countries as members.
It makes a competition every 4 years called the MFA World Cup for all the micronations in the world to play in.
The first World Cup will be in Southern England in 2013.
Prince Leonard pursued a number of occupations before purchasing a large wheat farm near Northampton, Western Australia and Geraldton, Western Australia in the 1960s.
On the whole, Australian Government departments do not interfere with Hutt River Province.
While the Australian Taxation Office has issued a warning on its website for the public not to purchase companies from the PHR, it has not acted against the principality.
Bitcoin has often been criticized for its unstable price, its network's high electricity consumption, and for its high transaction fees.
Additionally, it has been criticized for having characteristics in common with Ponzi and pyramid schemes.
She was born Máxima Zorreguieta in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on 17 May 1971.
Máxima is the daughter of Jorge Horacio Zorreguieta Stefanini, a farmer and a politician (died 2017).
He was the under-secretary of Agriculture under Jorge R.
Videla's military dictatorship.
She studied in Northlands School, in Argentina.
She has two brothers, a sister and three half-sisters by her father's first wife.
In 1943 he starred with Glenn Ford in the western The Desperadoes, directed by Charles Vidor.
Gannets are seabirds in the genus Morus.
They are related to boobies.
They are large white and black with yellow heads.
They have long, pointed wings and long bills.
The Diocese of Truro is a Church of England diocese in the Province of Canterbury.
Christoph Leitgeb (born 14 April 1985 in Graz) is a former Austrian football player.
He played in the Austrian Bundesliga for F.
C.
Red Bull Salzburg and Sturm Graz as a midfielder.
He also played in the national team and was a member of Austria's team at Euro 2008.
The Hollywood Pictures Backlot sign at the area's entrance, featuring two ceramic elephants sculptures atop columns, is an homage to a huge set constructed for the epic 1916 Hollywood film Intolerance, directed by D.W.
Griffith.
Speed of Sound is a Boomerang coaster in Walibi Holland in the Netherlands.
It is manufactured by Vekoma and opened in 2000 as La Via Volta.
It operated until 2007 when the park announced it would be shut down.
In the same year, the train was sold to Pleasurewood Hills to be operating on Wipeout, also a boomerang coaster.
On January 30, 2011, Walibi World announced that the roller coaster will reopen in 2011, with a new style train from Vekoma.
The coaster was renamed to Speed of Sound and the track was painted orange.
They have some other primitive traits (features).
In 1838, Macon County was formed from the Western side of Haywood County.
11 years later, part of Macon County made Cherokee County.
Historically, religion has been a very important part of Appalachian life.
Christianity, like much of the rest of the Southern United States, is very predominant in Warne and the surrounding communities.
Baptist Christian faiths are well represented here.
Some local Churches are Mount Pisgah Baptist Church, Shady Grove Church and Copperhill Church.
In 1984 Vincent, formed the Glam metal band Vinnie Vincent Invasion, with Vinnie Vincent in guitar, Robert Fleischman vocal, Dana Strum in Bass, and Bobby Rock in Drums.
Civil and criminal appeals are dealt with by the Staff of Government Division.
Appeals are usually heard by a Deemster (the one not involved with the case previously in the High Court or Court of General Gaol Delivery) and the Judge of Appeal.
Misery is a song by American band Maroon 5.
It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M/Octone Records via the iTunes Store.
The song was released in advance of the band's mid-2010 tour, and is the first single from their third studio album, Hands All Over, which was released on September 21, 2010.
The orbital module is also called the Habitation section.
It has all the equipment not needed for reentry, such as experiments, cameras and cargo.
It also contains a docking collar for docking to space stations.
It does not come back to earth.
The reentry module is used for launch and the journey back to earth.
Half of it is covered in heat protection tiles.
It comes back to earth.
A semicolon is sometimes used in programming.
In programming languages such as C, semicolons are used to separate logical statements.
the gauge of a shotgun was equal to the number of lead balls that added up to .
So in a 12 gauge, 12 balls add up to about a pound of lead.
So the diameter is equal to a ball weighing 1/12th of a pound of lead.
A 20 gauge, another popular size today, has the diameter of a ball weighing 1/20th of a pound of lead.
The Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) was the navy of Canada from 1911 to 1968.
A celestial sphere can also refer to a physical model of the celestial sphere or celestial globe.
Criss was born George Peter John Criscuola.
He is of Italian descent.
His parents were Joseph and Loretta Criscuolo.
Criss was a student of art and jazz.
He got his start in music in the pop rock group Chelsea.
They recorded an album in 1970.
Andreas Ulmer (born October 30, 1985) is an Austrian football player playing for F.C.
Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender.
His father,Gerhard Ulmer, and his uncle, Fritz Ulmer, were also footballplayers, playing for SK Voest Linz.
He started his career at SC Unterpremstätten und LUV Graz and than, at the age of 14, he moved to SK Sturm Graz.
On October 20, 2007 he made his first match for the first squad versus F.
C.
Red Bull Salzburg.
His first goal was against SC Altach on November 24, 2007.
With SK Sturm he won the Austrian Cup in 2010.
2010 he went to F.
C.
Red Bull Salzburg.
In the 2010/11 season he had 22 matches and shot 4 goals and gave one assist.
SV Mattersburg was an Austrian football club from Mattersburg, Burgenland.
The rest of the Northeast saw also heavy snow, and parts saw a blizzard.
Connecticut saw from to of snow in the South, to to of snow in the Northwest.
Massachusetts also saw from 0.2 to 0.7 inches in the Northwest, to to in the South.
Brazilian jiu-jitsu (Portuguese pronunciation: [dʒɪwˈdʒitsu], English: /dʒuːˈdʒɪtsuː/) is a martial art, combat sport, and a self-defense system.
It focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting.
His predecessor in the Wealden seat was Geoffrey Johnson Smith, also a Conservative.
Pakistan is officially an Islamic Republic.
However, in reality, Pakistan is largely secular.
It mainly has Anglo-Saxon laws which were inherited from the British.
It is slowly becoming more liberal.
Globalization and social tolerance are also increasing.
Because of this, public gay parties have been taking place in the country, and these parties have been thriving for a number of years.
The Supreme Court of Pakistan officially recognised a third gender category for Pakistani passports in December 2018.
Pakistan now allows transgender, intersex, and hijra individuals to obtain documents that match their gender identity, whether male, female, or third gender.
The Spain Davis Cup team represents Spain in the Davis Cup tennis competition.
Admiral Zweite Liga is the name of the second division in Austrian football.
The Kapfenberger SV is a football club from Kapfenberg, Styria.
Religious segregation is the idea that people should be separated based on their religion.
Certain laws of a country may only apply to one religious group.
As an example, Sharia only applies to Muslims.
The term religious apartheid has also been used.
Apartheid was the term used to refer to racial segregation in South Africa.
Other examples for religious segregation are that in Iran, certain students have been expelled from university because they were not Muslims, but Baha'i.
Paraphyly is a term in cladistics.
It means a group which does not include all its descendents.
So Sauropsida without birds is paraphyletic, since birds are definitely descended from archosaurs, probably small theropod dinosaurs (origin of birds).
The National Basketball League is a basketball competition in Australasia.
They are a big Turkish diaspora.
There are also large Turkish minorities in the Balkans, the Caucasus, and the Arab world.
From February 2010, Charmin's European name was changed to Cushelle by SCA.
Top Gun is a 1986 American action-drama movie set in San Diego, California.
It was produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer and was directed by Tony Scott.
Top Gun was released on May 16, 1986 in North America.
The movie received mixed reviews with a 45% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Roger Ebert gave the movie a 2.5 out of 4 stars.
In 1991, Dave Ayers, the president of Twin Tone, was on a phone call with A&R representative George Drakoulias from Def American while Blue Earth played in the background.
Drakoulias asked about the music, and eventually met with and signed the band to the label later that year.
Rainy Day Music (2003) was stripped down and more acoustic.
It was generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots.
The band now consisted of founding members Louris and Perlman, along with drummer O'Reagan, and touring band member ex-Long Ryder Stephen McCarthy, from Richmond, VA.
McCarthy added pedal steel, lap steel, banjo, guitar and backing vocals to the album and subsequent live shows.
This lineup toured in 2003 and early 2004.
Judith's parents met at a restaurant in Los Angeles that was well known as a meeting place for immigrants.
Maria worked there as a waitress.
Jozsef was a plumber.
He had problems with alcohol and was arrested three times for driving drunk.
In the first years of their marriage, they were a happy couple.
Soon Jozsef became jealous of the success of Maria's daughter.
When Judith was getting ready to go to the Bahamas for the movie , her father entered her bedroom.
He locked the door and put a kitchen knife to her neck saying: If you do not return after finished shooting, I'll slit your throat.
She came back after two months, but the atmosphere at the house was not better.
Over time, there were more problems.
Judith's father called her a spoiled brat.
Judith's mood began to get bad.
She did not do anything wrong and was not full of life, a happy girl.
Unable to deal with the problems at home, Judith pulled out her eyelashes and the whiskers of her cat.
Jozsef had said many times that he would kill his wife.
Sometimes he said he would kill himself and his daughter.
In December 1986, Maria made a report to the police.
She said he was abusing her mentally and physically.
The police saw no injuries.
In May 1988, Ruth Hansen saw the poor condition of the girl.
Because Judith cried a lot and could not speak, Hansen told Maria to take Judith to a psychologist.
She was taken to Children's Services.
They could get no help from government organizations.
Maria rented an apartment in Panorama City, where she wanted to move with Judith.
Hansen told her to get a divorce from her husband.
In July, Maria said she did not want to lose the house purchased with the money from her daughter's career.
The Pacific Electric Railway Company was a private transportation system in Los Angeles, California.
It started when Henry E.
Huntington began building and buying streetcar railroads in and around Los Angeles to help people reach his properties.
Cavendish and Burke were attacked as they walked through Phoenix Park to the Viceregal Lodge.
This was the out of season residence of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland (the King's representative and head of the Irish affairs).
Thomas Myles, surgeon at the nearby Dr Steevens' Hospital, was called to help the victims.
The central dogma of molecular biology is a phrase by Francis Crick, who proposed the double helix structure of DNA.
The general transfers describe the normal flow of biological information: DNA can be copied to DNA (DNA replication), DNA information can be copied into mRNA, (transcription), and proteins can be synthesized using the information in mRNA as a template (translation).
For much of his career, Hubel was the John Franklin Enders University Professor of Neurobiology at Harvard Medical School.
In 1978, Hubel and Wiesel were awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University.
The following is a list of episodes from the American animated series Rugrats.
The first episode aired on Sunday, August 11, 1991.
The first three seasons aired between 1991 and 1995.
The series returned with two Jewish holiday specials in April 1995 and December 1996.
From 1997 to 2004, the series began airing regular episodes again.
The 10th anniversary special All Growed Up aired on July 21, 2001, on Nickelodeon.
Rugrats ended on Sunday, August 1, 2004.
Rugrats reruns still air on TeenNick’s late night programming block NickRewind.
There are 9 seasons, 172 episodes, three movies, and two direct-to-DVD specials.
In the United States, episodes 127 to 130 were held over from this season and ended up airing during Season 7.
The first Klasky Csupo logo still appeared after the second logo appeared at the end of The Rugrats Movie.
The second logo did not appear until Runaway Reptar.
During season 7, Rugrats made a change with a different format that consisted of three segments per episode.
Additionally, all half-hour stories from this point on had two ad breaks instead of one.
The original two-segment format for Rugrats was brought back in season 8.
However, the half-hour episodes retain having two commercial breaks.
The first Klasky Csupo logo appeared after the credits in the early airings of this season.
However, the Season 8 DVD from Amazon.com, The '90s Are All That and the later airings kept the second logo.
When the American Express Company was founded in 1850 it was an “express business.
This meant that it was a private company whose business was to carry money, packages or valuable things from one place to another.
The US Postal Service had only recently begun.
They delivered letters, but not large parcels.
This is why some people started small “express businesses.
An express messenger would carry money in a money bag.
He would travel by train or stagecoach.
The trains were very slow and often came off the rails.
The stagecoaches travelled on terrible roads which were much too bumpy for the horses to trot.
It was a time when many people were going to California and other areas in the west of the US.
There was a lot of demand for money to be transferred from one part of the country to another.
This is why the American Express company was started.
The second part of Robert's work was in gene-splitting and gene splicing.
This means to cut pieces out of, and add pieces to, a coding sequence.
This creates a protein which works differently from the original version.
This is now used in genetic engineering.
The Second Battle of El Alamein was a great turning point in the Western Desert Campaign of the Second World War.
The battle lasted from 23 October to 5 November 1942.
The First Battle of El Alamein had stopped the Axis from attacking deep into Egypt further.
Thereafter, Lieutenant-General Bernard Montgomery took command of the British Eighth Army in August 1942.
In the second battle he took the offensive, with great success.
From 1996 till 2010, McAllister was a member of the Cuxhaven district council (Kreistag).
He served as mayor of his hometown of Bad Bederkesa from 2001 to 2002.
From 2002 to 2003, he also was secretary general of the CDU in Lower Saxony.
Since 2003, McAllister has been the leader of the CDU parliamentary party group in the Parliament of Lower Saxony, of which he has been a member since 1998.
McAllister succeeded Christian Wulff as party chairman of the CDU in Lower Saxony in June 2008, winning the election by a record margin.
In 2016, he was succeeded by Bernd Althusmann.
In the United Kingdom, McAllister is a supporter of the Conservative Party.
The golden years of the team were those of the D'Ambrosio era, that lasted from 1958 to 1978.
In those golden years, Deportivo Italia won the Venezuelan First Division tournament four times (1961, 1963, 1966 and 1972) and the Copa Venezuela three times (1961,1962 and 1970), and was runner up in the first division in 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970 and 1971 and in the Copa Venezuela in 1976.
Deportivo Petare has started de 2010/2011 season with good results, ending fourth at the end of the first half of the season in December 2010.
The last match ended in a draw with Deportivo Tachira, the eventual Torneo Apertura champion.
Peter Connelly (1 March 2006 – 3 August 2007) (also known as Baby P, Child A and Baby Peter) was a 17-month-old British child.
He died of child abuse on 3 August 2007 in London, England after suffering more than 50 injuries over an eight-month period.
His mother, her partner and his brother were sent to prison for attacking him.
The case resulted in several big investigations into how the social services department of Haringey Council carried out its job looking after children in danger.
In a similar case, the same child welfare authorities had failed seven years earlier in the murder of Victoria Climbié.
Protein structures are usually done from 2-dimensional crystals (sheets or helices), polyhedrons such as viral capsids, or dispersed proteins.
Electrons can be used in these situations, whereas X-rays cannot, because electrons interact more strongly with atoms than X-rays do.
The first electron crystallographic protein structure to be solved was bacteriorhodopsin in 1990.
He also turned his attention to geology (the origin of ice ages), astronomy, physical cosmology, and astrophysics, accounting for the birth of the solar system by interstellar collision.
Arrhenius thought of a theory to explain the ice ages, and in 1896 he was the first scientist to think that changes in the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere could make a big change to the surface temperature through the greenhouse effect.
He was influenced by the work of others, including Joseph Fourier.
Arrhenius used infrared observations of the moon to work out the absorption of infrared radiation by atmospheric CO and water vapour.
The stadium has a capacity of 15 400 in 27 sectors.
For Champions League matches the capacity is expanded to 16 000.
The field has a lawn heating.
Two video walls and floodlight are also in the arena.
Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year.
Hoverflies are important natural enemies of these pests, and can be used in biological control.
Some adult syrphid flies are important pollinators.
Some orchids mimic aphid alarm scent (pheromones), which attracts hoverflies.
The hoverflies then pollinate the orchids.
He was born in Horn Lake, Mississippi and started playing harp at the age of five.
In his teens he went to Memphis and lived with little income and a lot of discrimination.
In the 1930s he played with many musicians across the Mississippi delta region.
Sylvia Marie Likens (), often referred to as Sylvia Likens, was a child from Indiana, who was murdered by her caregiver Gertrude Baniszewski (née Fan Vossan).
She was murdered in 1965, following a 2 ½ month long period of torture she endured under her caregiver.
Her death was described by the court as the most terrible crime ever committed in the state of Indiana.
She was just 16 years old at the time of her death.
Dysaethesia aethiopica was a term to describe a mental illness.
It was believed to be why Afro-American slaves were lazy.
A critic said, that without Chess Record today's music would sound different.
Another calls Chess Records America's greatest blues label.
In 1969 the label was sold to General Recorded Tape (GRT) and 1972 the only part of the business which still existed was the recording studio, Ter-Mar Studios.
In the mid-eighties the catalogue of Chess Records was sold to MCA Records.
The 50th anniversary of Chess Records was celebrated by a number of Cds featuring great artist who had recorded for Chess.
In the 2000s, Universal's limited-edition re-issue label, Hip-O Select began releasing a series of box-sets celebrating the work of Chess artists as Muddy Waters, Little Walter, Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry.
Harmonix, a company formed from a computer music group at MIT in 1995, released Frequency in 2001.
The game allowed the player to control multiple instruments and gave a feeling of more creative control.
The game was well-reviewed, but its abstract style did not allow the player to give a performance as in other games and thus proved difficult to market.
Frequency was followed by a similar game, Amplitude in 2003.
Harmonix later released more socially driven, karaoke-themed music games in Karaoke Revolution and SingStar (2003 and 2004 respectively).
Donkey Konga, developed by Namco for Nintendo and released in 2003 (2004 in North America) achieved widespread success due to its use of Nintendo's Donkey Kong franchise.
This was a mode of teaching, which our blessed Lord seemed to take special delight in employing.
And we may be quite sure, that as He knew what was in man better than we know, He would not have taught by Parables, if He had not felt that this was the kind of teaching best suited to our wants.
In the shelter of the fold.
Far off from the gates of gold.
Away on the mountains wild and bare.
Away from the tender Shepherd’s care.
William James Willie Dixon (July 1, 1915 – January 29, 1992) was an American blues musician, singer, songwriter and bass player.
He was one of the founders of Chicago blues.
He wrote a lot of songs which are still standards of Chicago blues.
(i.e.
Little Red Rooster, Hoochie Coochie Man, Evil, Spoonful, Back Door Man, I Just Want to Make Love to You, I Ain't Superstitious, My Babe, Wang Dang Doodle, and Bring It On Home) The songs are from the 1950s when Dixon worked as producer for Chess Records.
He also played upright bass on many of the label's records.
There are 12 Nobel Prize winners amongst King's alumni and former faculty.
King's is ranked 5th nationally and 19th in the world in the 2015 QS World University Rankings, 7th nationally and 27th in the world in the 2015 The Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 7th nationally and 55th in the world in the 2015 Academic Ranking of World Universities.
In September 2010, The Sunday Times selected King's as its University of the Year.
In 1972 he received the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences (jointly) for his pioneering contribution to general equilibrium theory and welfare theory.
The Sportverein Austria Salzburg (shortly SV Austria Salzburg) is an Austrian footballclub based in Salzburg.
The club was founded in 2005 after the Red Bull takover of the old Austria Salzburg.
Hunt shared the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on cell division.
Christ Church has produced thirteen British prime ministers.
This is equal to the number produced by all 45 other Oxford colleges put together, and two short of the total number for the University of Cambridge (fifteen).
Distinctive features of the college's architecture have been used as models by a number of other academic institutions.
The University of Chicago and Cornell University both have reproductions of Christ Church's dining hall.
Christ Church Cathedral, New Zealand, after which the City of Christchurch is named, is itself named after Christ Church, Oxford.
Stained glass windows in the cathedral and other buildings are by the Pre-Raphaelite William Morris group with designs by Edward Burne-Jones.
Roman Wallner (born 4 February 1982 in Graz, Styria) is a former Austrian footballer.
He played as striker.
He started his career in 2001 in the World Cup qualification match versus Liechtenstein.Since then he scored 7 goals in 29 matches.
Franz Fränky Schiemer (born March 21, 1986, in Haag am Hausruck, Upper Austria) wasan Austrian footballer who played as a defender for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He started in his local club Taufkirchen as striker in the youth ranks.For SV Ried he made his professional debut in the 2003/04 season at the age of 17.
With the U17 national team he was 3rd in the UEFA - European Championship 2003.
2005 he joined FK Austria Wien.
With this club he reached his first Championsship.
2009 he joined FC Red Bull Salzburg, where he signed till 2012.
He played all position in the defence and reached 2010 with Red Bull Salzburg his second Championship.
Dieckmann and Gray won the director Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau, who made movies until 1919, but had made ​​his first seven productions a reputation as a talented filmmaker.
Gray, who had studied at the Art Academy in Dresden, took over as artistic director and designed sets and costumes.
For the soundtrack of the musical director of the Prana-Film Hans Erdmann was responsible.
The unknown stage actor Max Schreck from Munich, was committed for the title role.
Other roles took on expressionist theater of Max Reinhardt trained actors like Greta Schröder, Gustav von Wangenheim, and Alexander Granach, a former classmate at Murnau Reinhardt's acting school at the Deutsches Theater.
The Balkan Wars resulted in huge casualties.
The Bulgarians lost around 65,000 men, the Greeks 9,500, the Montenegrins, 3,000, and the Serbs at least 36,000.
The Ottomans lost as many as 125,000 dead.
In addition, tens of thousands of civilians died from disease and other causes.
Tezuka died of stomach cancer in 1989.
His death had an immediate impact on the Japanese public and other cartoonists.
A museum was constructed in Takarazuka dedicated to his memory and life works, and Tezuka received many posthumous awards.
Several animations were in production at the time of his death along with the final chapters of Phoenix, which were never released.
Simon Cziommer (born 6 November 1980 in Nordhorn) is a German footballer.
He plays for the Dutch club Vitesse.
However Eomaia is not a true placental mammal as it lacks some features that are specific to placentals.
The establishment of NDH was proclaimed on April 10, 1941 by Slavko Kvaternik, deputy leader of the Ustaše.
Ante Pavelić came to power as leader (Poglavnik) of the Croatian puppet state.
Pavelić took power with Mussolini and Hitler's blessing.
On paper, it was a kingdom under King Tomislav II of the House of Savoy (the Duke of Split).
But Tomislav II was only a figurehead with no real power.
In Brisbane, it is linked with The Courier-Mail and The Sunday Mail.
In Adelaide, The Advertiser and Sunday Mail.
In Perth, The Sunday Times.
In Hobart, The Mercury and The Sunday Tasmanian.
Rabiu Afolabi (born 18 April 1980 in Osogbo, Nigeria) is a Nigerian soccer player.
He plays for F.
C.
Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as defender.
All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a (for men) or (for women) wide, black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a wide black band at the collar.
Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5mm wide ribbon at the neck, and Commanders, Officers, and Members have theirs on a straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast, while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men's fashion, depending on the circumstance and clothing worn.
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, Knights and Dames of Justice or Grace, and Chaplains may all also wear a breast star, which appears the same as their badges, only at a diameter of and without embellishments for those in Grade I and for those in Grade II.
Further, those in these groups are also given a button for wear on the lapel of non-formal civilian clothing, for events such as business meetings of the order.
In general, the insignia of the Order of St.
John may be worn at all occasions where other decorations are worn, not only those connected with the ceremonies of the order.
The camp was built, managed and supervised by Department III of the Ustaška Narodna Služba or UNS (lit.
Ustaše People's Service), a special police force of the ISC.
Vjekoslav Maks Luburić was head of the UNS.
At different times, Miroslav Majstorović and Dinko Šakić managed the camp.
Italian generals reported similar figures to their commanders.
The Vatican's sources also wrote of similar figures.
For example, Eugen Tisserant reported that 350,000 Serbs had been killed by the end of 1942.
Godfried Danneels estimated that a total of over 500,000 people were killed.
Gerhard Tremmel (born 16 November 1978 in Munich) is a German football goalkeeper.
He plays for Swansea City in the Premier League.
Rudi Hiden (Josef Rudolf Hiden, born 9 March 1909 in Graz, Styria, Austria – died 11 September 1973 in Vienna) was an Austrian–French footballer.
He was goalkeeper.
After his career as player he became football coach.
He started playin football with Grazer A.K., where he played from 1925 - 1927.
Then he went to Vienna, where he played for WAC(1927-1933).
1933 he planed to went to Arsenal London, but the Players Union did not allow this, so he went on to RC Paris together with Auguste Jordan, another Austrian footballer.
1937 he took the French nationality and played once for the French team in a 1940 match versus Portugal.
Walter L.
Voegtlin first made the modern Paleolithic diet popular in the 1970s.
Authors and researchers recommended and changed the diet in several books and academic journals.
This way of eating is somewhat controversial among nutritionists.
and anthropologists.
Funk rock (also typed as funk-rock) is a music genre that fuses funk and rock elements.
The Battle of Polygon Wood was a small battle that took place in World War I.
Eye is a town in Suffolk, England.
In 2001, the town had a population of 2,000 people.
Eye is near the A140 road.
In 1764 he and Adam Babcock, another young New Haven merchant, became partners.
Using the profits from the sale of the family house, they bought three ships and started trading with the West Indies.
Arnold brought his sister Hannah to New Haven to work in the apothecary business when he was not there.
He traveled a lot for his business, throughout New England and from Quebec to the West Indies, often running of one of his own ships.
On one of his voyages, Arnold fought a duel in Honduras with a British sea captain who had called him a damned Yankee, destitute of good manners or those of a gentleman.
The captain was wounded after in the first part duel, and apologized after Arnold threatened to aim to kill on the second part.
Arnold began the war when he was elected as a captain in Connecticut's militia in March 1775.
After the start of fighting at Lexington and Concord the following month, his company marched northeast to help at the siege of Boston that followed.
Arnold told the Massachusetts Committee of Safety of his idea to seize Fort Ticonderoga in New York, which he knew was poorly defended.
They made him a colonel on 3 May 1775, and he immediately rode off to the west, arriving at Castleton in the disputed New Hampshire Grants (present-day Vermont) in time to join with Ethan Allen and his men in the capture of Fort Ticonderoga.
He followed up that action with a bold raid on Fort Saint-Jean on the Richelieu River north of Lake Champlain.
When a Connecticut militia force arrived at Ticonderoga in June, he had a dispute with its commander over control of the fort, and resigned his Massachusetts commission.
He was on his way home from Ticonderoga when he learned that his wife died earlier in June.
Arnold then went back to the Hudson, where General Gates led the American army.
They had gone to a camp south of Stillwater.
Arnold fought very well in the Battles of Saratoga, even though he argued with General Gates and Gates told him he could no longer lead in the field.
During the second battle, Arnold, against Gates' orders, went to the battlefield and led attacks on the British defenses.
He was again severely wounded in the left leg late in the fighting.
Arnold himself said it would have been better had it been in the chest instead of the leg.
Burgoyne surrendered ten days after the second battle, on October 17, 1777.
Because of Arnold's bravery at Saratoga, Congress restored his command seniority, meaning he outranked people who had been promoted to the same rank before him.
However, Arnold believed they did so because they felt sorry that he had been injured.
What he really wanted was an apology for not promoting him sooner.
Once he established himself at West Point, Arnold began systematically weakening its defenses and military strength.
Needed repairs on the chain across the Hudson were never ordered.
Troops were liberally distributed within Arnold's command area (but only minimally at West Point itself), or furnished to Washington on request.
He also peppered Washington with complaints about the lack of supplies, writing, Everything is wanting.
At the same time, he tried to drain West Point's supplies, so that a siege would be more likely to succeed.
His subordinates, some of whom were long-time associates, grumbled about unnecessary distribution of supplies, and eventually concluded that Arnold was selling some of the supplies on the black market for personal gain.
The British gave Arnold a brigadier general's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds, but only paid him £6,315 plus an annual pension of £360 because his plot failed.
In December 1780, under orders from Clinton, Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia, where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia, destroying supply houses, foundries, and mills.
This activity brought Virginia's militia out, and Arnold eventually retreated to Portsmouth to either be evacuated or reinforced.
The pursuing American army included the Marquis de Lafayette, who was under orders from Washington to summarily hang Arnold if he was captured.
Reinforcements led by William Phillips (who served under Burgoyne at Saratoga) arrived in late March, and Phillips led further raids across Virginia, including a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg, until his death of fever on 12 May 1781.
Arnold commanded the army only until 20 May when Lord Cornwallis arrived with the southern army and took over.
One colonel wrote to Clinton of Arnold, there are many officers who must wish some other general in command.
Cornwallis ignored advice proffered by Arnold to locate a permanent base away from the coast that might have averted his later surrender at Yorktown.
Arnold's contributions to American independence are largely underrepresented in popular culture, while his name became synonymous with traitor in the 19th century.
The demonization of Arnold began immediately after his betrayal became public.
Biblical themes were often invoked; Benjamin Franklin wrote that Judas Iscariot sold only one man, Arnold three million, and Alexander Scammel described Arnold's actions as black as hell.
Ibrahim Sekagya (born 19 December 1980 in Kampala) is a Ugandan football player.
He plays plays for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He is a defender.
Liberty Mutual Group, normally known as Liberty Mutual, is a worldwide insurance company.
It was started in 1912.
The head office is based in Boston, Massachusetts.
It employs over 45,000 people in over 900 offices around the world.
The Macquarie system covers an area of more than 74,000 square kilometres.
Over 72% of land is flat, and 17% is hilly.
The rest is steep to mountainous, reaching 900 metres.
Janemba starts out as a very large but incredibly round blob.
Raging Blast 2.
Markus Schopp (born 22 February 1974 in Graz, Austria) is a retired Austrian football midfielder.
Now he is assistance coach of the Austrian U21 team and analyst for the pay TV group SKY.
The fur coloring of the lar gibbon is not fixed.
It can range from black and dark-brown to light brown sandy colors.
The lion-tailed macaque (Macaca silenus) is an Old World monkey.
It lives in the Western Ghats mountains of India.
The hair of the Lion-tailed macaque is dark-brown or black.
It is a diurnal animal, active during the day.
It lives in the rainforest dweller.
It is a good climber and spends most of its life in the upper branches.
The lion-tailed macaque is one of the rarest primates.
Frost starred in a Jelly Tots advertisement at the age of 3.
She won a scholarship to the Italia Conti Academy.
She met Jude Law when they were both working on the film Shopping.
They married on 2 September 1997 and had three children.
Elgin (; ) is a old cathedral city and Royal Burgh in Moray, Scotland.
The town was first to the south of the River Lossie on the higher ground above the flood plain.
In August 1040, Macbeth's army beat Duncan I at Bothganowan (Pitgaveny), near Elgin.
David I made Elgin a royal burgh around 1130, after his defeat of Óengus of Moray.
During David's reign, the castle was built at the top of what is now Lady Hill.
Trois-Rivières () is a city in Quebec, Canada.
It was first created on July 4, 1634.
The city's name is French for three rivers.
Nick on CBS was a Saturday morning children's programming block for CBS that began on September 16, 2000, replacing CBS Kidshow.
This Saturday morning block presented programming from Nick Jr., which at a time shared common ownership with CBS under Viacom.
When the block first properly aired, it was hosted by Face from Nick Jr.
The World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2010-2011 is authored by Mycle Schneider, Antony Froggatt, and Steve Thomas and published by the Washington-based Worldwatch Institute.
The foreword is written by Amory Lovins.
The flagship EPR project at Olkiluoto in Finland, managed by the largest nuclear builder in the world, AREVA NP, has turned into a financial fiasco.
The project is four years behind schedule and at least 90 percent over budget, reaching a total cost estimate of €5.7 billion ($8.3 billion) or close to €3,500 ($5,000) per kilowatt.
The duet concertinas have the bass notes at the left side and make the same tone pushing and pulling a button.
In February 2008, RIAA reduced the certification-award-levels for Oro y De Platino to Gold=50,000 and Platinum=100,000.
la divisa: triunfar o morir.
más aprende a cantar, que a gemir.
se ha encendido en ardor varonil.
aunque en vano se halaga en destruir.
aunque ajada del déspota vil.
y, en venganza a la guerra acudid.
con los héroes del cinco de abril?
que, su ley y su sangre burló...
los espera para combatir.
en un día de triunfo nos dio mil.
a sus padres, así bendecir.
con que Chile, su dicha afianzó...
de los héroes escriba el blasón.
freedom: it is the echo of alarm, the motto: succeed or die.
he learns to sing more than to moan.
she has ignited in manly ardor.
though in vain he flattered himself in destroying.
though marred by the vile despot.
and, in revenge to the war go.
with the heroes of the fifth of April?
that, his law and his blood mocked...
awaits you to fight.
on a day of triumph he gave us a thousand.
with which Chile, its happiness strengthened...
A long war followed at the Siege of Cuautla.
In 1815, Morelos was caught by Spanish colonial authorities.
He was put on trial and executed for treason in San Cristóbal Ecatepec on 22 December.
The Austrian Cup (German: ÖFB-Cup) is an football (soccer) competition held by the Austrian Football Association, the ÖFB.
It was played by male teams.
For women there is the ÖFB-LadiesCup.
Although it has a long tradition the Cup never played an important role in Austrian football.
The history of the name The Nature Coast goes back to 1991 as part of a marketing campaign to attract vacationing people to the nine county area, the name Nature Coast caught on quickly and describes the area previously known as the Big Bend of Florida.
The NatureCoast covers 8 different counties and 1 partial county (Dunnellon is a part of Marion County).
It encompasses .
With FC Red Bull Salzburg he reached the round of 32 in the UEFA Euro league 2011/12.
Grantham is a town near the A1 road in Lincolnshire, England.
Margaret Thatcher was born here, and Isaac Newton went to school here.
Grantham is famous for its gingerbread.
The town is a relatively small town but has multiple satellite villages.
It has numerous estates, such as Gonerby Hill Foot, Manthorpe, Earlesfield and Alma Park.
The Ustaše regime had sent large amounts of gold that it had plundered from Serbian and Jewish property owners during WWII into Swiss banks.
Of a total of 350 million Swiss Francs, about 150 million was seized by British troops; however, the remaining 200 million (ca.
47 million dollars) reached the Vatican.
Allegations exist that it is still being kept in the Vatican Bank.
This was reported by the American intelligence agency SSU in October 1946.
This issue is the theme of a class action lawsuit against the Vatican Bank and others.
Adolf Eichmann trial witness Alexander Arnon testified about the Roman Catholic Church stance that time.
Unfortunately there were no protests.
Croatia was definitely a Catholic state.
Not even the Catholic Church in Zagreb said one word against the deportations and sufferings of the Jews.
Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan (Sarvepalli Radhakrishnayya; 5 September 1888 – 17 April 1975) was an Indian philosopher and politician.
One of the most distinguished twentieth-century scholars of comparative religion and philosophy, Radhakrishnan held the King George V Chair of Mental and Moral Science at the University of Calcutta from 1921 to 1932 and Spalding Chair of Eastern Religion and Ethics at University of Oxford from 1936 to 1952.
Behak Maken is a village in the Sargodha District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It is 17.5 km from Sargodha city and 10 km away from Dhreema, due to its geographical location, the British Royal Air Force built an air base between Chak No 92 NB and Chak No 105 NB (Godhay wala) nearby.
It took on greater importance after the Independence of Pakistan for the Pakistan Air Force.
The population grew rapidly.
Approximately 75% of the population of this village belongs to the Maken caste or clan of this region.
The predominant ethnic population in the village is Punjabi with small communities of Muhajirs (immigrants/settlers from India) and Pashtuns.
Van Rensburg studied singing with Werner Neel at the Northwest University of South Africa, but also law and international politics at Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education.
He made his debut in 1991 at the age of 20 as Belmonte in Mozart's Die Entführung aus dem Serail for the Roodeport City Opera.
In 1996, he started an engagement at the Gärtnerplatztheater in Munich.
Since the year 2000 van Rensburg has been working regularly with the Lautten Compagney Berlin (director: Wolfgang Katschner).
With this ensemble he staged Monteverdi's L'Orfeo and published three recordings.
Since 2011 van Rensburg collaborates with a different emsemble for Ancient and New Music, called così facciamo.
With them he staged Handel’s Ariodante.
He sung his first name part as and in Mozart’s Idomeneo in 2006 for the New York City Metropolitan Opera.
Van Rensburg‘s repertoire focuses on Baroque music.
A Heinrich event is one of the events which occurred during the coldest point of Bond Cycles in which many icebergs were discharged into the North Atlantic and melted.
The game is a first-person shooter, like the other Call of Duty games.
There are three main sections to the gameplay: campaign, special ops (the cooperative mode) and multiplayer.
On May 12, 2011, four teaser trailers were released on the official Call Of Duty YouTube channel.
These trailers were called: America, England, France and Germany.
The trailers suggest that the countries are locations for the game.
On May 23, 2011, the reveal trailer was released.
Go-Ahead London is made up of lots of bus companies.
It first opened in August 2008.
The four tigers has accomplished rapid economical growth in a short period of time.
One way to measure economic development is human development.
Human development is very important, and includes the health of the people and their education.
This usually goes together with economic growth.
As people in a country become healthier and get better education, they also usually get richer, because healthy, educated workers are more productive (better at making things), and richer workers can afford health and education.
The Human Development Index looks at how long people live, how well people read, how many people go to school, and how much money people make.
After Neymar's performances for Brazil's U-17 team at the 2009 U-17 World Cup, on 26 July 2010, Neymar was selected in the squad for the Brazil national team by new head coach Mano Menezes for a friendly match against USA on 10 August 2010.
He scored on his debut, in a 2–0 win for Brazil.
Turnham Green Station is a underground station on the Piccadilly Line and District Line on the London Underground system.
It is next to Chiswick Park, Gunnersbury and Stamford Brook.
In 1978, Zevon released his most popular and critically acclaimed album Excitable Boy.
Radio stations often played the songs off the album, especially Werewolves of London.
Werewolves of London and Excitable Boy were both examples of black humor (jokes about bad things).
The album also had the songs Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner and Lawyers, Guns and Money, which were both deadpan humor songs about geopolitics.
This album was dedicated to Ken Millar, who calls himself Ross Macdonald.
Millar is a writer who writes mystery novels, and Zevon really liked Millar's stories.
He met Millar in an intervention put together by the journalist Paul Nelson.
For awhile this intervention helped Zevon not drink too much alcohol.
Trégastel is a commune.
It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France.
Honeycomb coke is an intermediate coke.
Compared to needle coke, honeycomb coke has a lower coefficient of thermal expansion and a lower electrical conductivity.
The Salzburger AK 1914 is a football club from Salzburg.
It was founded 1914 and is the oldest football club in Salzburg.
The whole of the borough is parished.
If a plant is not reached within 5 to 10 days of germination, the dodder seedling will die.
Before a host plant is reached, the dodder, as other plants, relies on food reserves in the embryo; the cotyledons are very small.
The following operate the services that comprise the National Rail network in Great Britain.
Medium tanks were the earliest MBTs.
MBTs started replacing medium tanks when guns on medium tanks became powerful enough to win against heavy tanks.
Heavy tanks could not carry armor strong enough to win against medium tanks.
Henry Watson played important roles in the development of the local industry of inlaying Ashford Black Marble in the 1750s.
He was the uncle of Derbyshire geologist White Watson, and had a water-powered mill at Ashford in the Water.
Ashford Black Marble is a kind of limestone which contains some carbon, and its particles are very small.
Its dark color is from bitumen, and once cut and polished, the surface shines.
The Queen's Indian defence is an important defence to 1.d4.
It features a fianchetto of Black's QB.
The Hamilton Bulldogs are a Canadian professional ice hockey team that began playing in 1996.
They play in the Onatrio Hockey League.
His third son, Robert, fought the Scots in the Battle of the Standard in 1138, and became the first Earl of Derby.
SV Grödig is an Austrian football club from Grödig near Salzburg, Austria .
The team plays in the Regionalliga Salzburg, the third highest league in Austrian football.
With a population of 41,955, Angoulême has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The song asks why the men who built the nation – built the railroads, built the skyscrapers – who fought in the war (World War I), who tilled the earth, who did what their nation asked of them should, now that the work is done and their labor no longer necessary, find themselves abandoned, in bread lines.
With a population of 19,762, Moulins has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 18,717, Cognac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 40,225, Gap has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Foix has a population of 6,9,721 (2014), and population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 24,088, Rodez has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The city of Aurillac has a population, in 2014, of 26,135; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
After this, the mysterious man (Gemini Ganesan) appears secretly inside Ramesh's car promising to help him.
He accepts that he is a police officer when asked, and says he knows that Ramesh is innocent.
But leaves when Bijua and Babu enter the car.
Men from the criminal gang disguise as policemen and arrest Ramesh whom they intend to murder at a safe spot.
However, with the help of his friends Ramesh escapes.
The Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants is an international treaty signed in 2001.
The treaty became effective in May 2004.
Its aim is to limit the use and production of Persistent Organic Pollutants.
Examples of substances affected by the treaty are Polychlorinated biphenyl and Dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane.
An extension to the treaty in 2009 added other substances, like Lindane.
Critics have said that the treaty limits the effectiveness of the fight against diseases such as malaria.
This is not the case, as the use of certain substances for vector control is permitted; this includes the use against mosquitoes.
With a population of 14,325, Tulle has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The basic verb form is called the infinitive.
The infinitive for existence is to be.
A famous example is the speech of Hamlet: to be or not to be?
The commune of Guéret has a population, in 2014, of 13,342; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 30,069 (2014), Périgueux has a population density of inhabitants/km.
These circular spinning machines (also known as 'throwing machines'), were the most progressive feature of the factory.
Also, they used the single source of power (water), and employed many organized workers (200-400, according to recent sources).
Due to these total process of production from raw silk to fine quality thread, the Lombes' silk mill is regarded as the first successful use of the factory system in Britain.
The Taylor family remained in occupation of the mill but in 1865 they ruined and were forced to sell their machinery and lease.
The Derby Mercury advertised many silk mills for sale that year, and it were obvious that a general depression was hitting the industry.
This took place four years before the Cobden Treaty with France which is said to have effectively destroyed the British silk industry.
The city of Auch has a population, in 2014, of 21,807; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Balabushka worked hard on playing ability and fine craftsmanship in his cues.
He created new methods of cue construction, cue finishes and cue design.
Most Balabushka cues look simple.
Many of his construction techniques have become standard in the industry.
They have a lot of different coloured coats (hair).
There are four main colours: common, menil, melanistic and white.
One noted historical herd of fallow deer is kept in the Ottenby Preserve in Öland, Sweden.
Karl X Gustav built a drystone wall of four kilometres long around a royal fallow deer herd in the mid 17th century.
The herd still exists as of 2006.
Macbeth is now king.
He is worried about the prophecy that Banco’s heirs will become king.
He and his wife decide that Banco and his son must be murdered.
Scottish refugees stand near the English border and sing a song about how Macbeth, the tyrant, is oppressing his people.
With a population of 19,630, Cahors has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The city of Mende had 11,542 inhabitants for a density of persons/km.
This usually happens when the heterozygote for a gene has a higher relative fitness than the homozygote.
In this way genetic polymorphism is conserved.
In heterozygote advantage, or heterotic balancing selection, an individual who is heterozygous at a particular gene locus has a greater fitness than a homozygous individual.
Polymorphisms maintained by this mechanism are balanced polymorphisms.
A well-studied case is that of sickle cell anemia in humans, a hereditary disease that damages red blood cells.
Sickle cell anemia is caused by the inheritance of a variant hemoglobin gene (HgbS) from both parents.
In these individuals, hemoglobin in red blood cells is extremely sensitive to oxygen deprivation, and this causes shorter life expectancy.
The GC-MS is made up of two major building blocks: the gas chromatograph and the mass spectrometer.
The gas chromatograph uses a capillary column which depends on the column's dimensions (length, diameter, film thickness) as well as the phase properties (e.g.
5% phenyl polysiloxane).
The difference in the chemical properties between different molecules in a mixture will separate the molecules as the sample travels the length of the column.
The molecules take different amounts of time (called the retention time) to come out of (elute from) the gas chromatograph.
This allows the mass spectrometer downstream to capture, ionize, accelerate, deflect, and detect the ionized molecules separately.
The mass spectrometer does this by breaking each molecule into ionized fragments and detecting these fragments using their mass to charge ratio.
With a population of 34,485, Nevers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The porous material will not allow larger molecules to pass so these molecules go to the next pore and again they cannot pass.
They eventually get to the bottom of the column and exit the column.
Remember there is volume inside the column that is not inhabited by the stationary phase which allows for the flow of both the mobile phase and the sample.
These larger molecules then find themselves at the bottom of the column whereas smaller molecules have a longer path to travel.
Smaller molecules can pass through a pore and then pass through another one.
The smaller a molecule is, the greater the chance is that it can fit into a pore which means the longer it spends inside the column.
The President of the Philippine Commonwealth had strong control of the islands and was guided by a Supreme Court.
The National Assembly or law-making part of the government, members mostly come from the Nacionalista Party, was at first only one, but later became two, a lower part and a higher part.
In 1937, the government chose Tagalog, the language of Manila, as the national language.
Japan launched a surprise attack on the Philippines on December 8, 1941.
The Philippine Commonwealth government drafted the Philippine Army into the U.S.
Army Forces Far East, which would resist Japanese occupation.
Manila was declared an open city to prevent its destruction, and it was occupied by the Japanese on January 2, 1942.
Meanwhile, battles against the Japanese continued on the Bataan Peninsula, Corregidor, and Leyte, until the final surrender of United States-Philippine forces on May 1942.
The resistance to the Japanese occupation continued in the Philippines.
This included the Hukbalahap (People's Army Against the Japanese), which consisted of 30,000 armed people and controlled much of Central Luzon.
Remnants of the Philippine Army also fought the Japanese through guerrilla warfare, and it was successful, since all but 12 of the 48 provinces were liberated.
The city of Tarbes has a population, in 2014, of 40,900; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Elsie Ruth Anderson (born: 23 Jun 1907 in Newport, Rhode Island; died: 24 November 1989 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American meteorologist and book writer.
Anderson studied at the New England Conservatory of Music from 1924 to 1931, 1934, and 1940 to 1941.
She got a diploma from the New England Conservatory in Orchestral Course in Violin in June 1931.
Inductively coupled plasma sources usually use argon as a fuel.
Unfortunately, most ICP sources require at least 5 L/min of argon.
This makes inductively coupled plasma a rather expensive source.
The argon atoms are ionized with a spark from tesla coil.
These ions will circulate due to the magnetic field to produce heat and high temperatures.
This will cause additional ions to be formed from the argon fuel.
After a period of time, the torch will reach temperatures between 6 000 and 10 000 Kelvin.
Party People is a song by American rapper Nelly, featuring singer Fergie.
The average temperature for the year in Colmar is .
The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of .
The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .
With a population of 68,784, Colmar has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It is no longer an industrial town but the Camborne and Redruth district was formerly one of the richest tin mining areas in the world.
The Camborne School of Mines was founded here in the 19th century to train engineers to work in the tin mines and is still in the town.
Two of the famous mines of Camborne were Dolcoath, the 'Queen of Cornish Mines' (closed 1921), once the deepest mine in the world, and South Crofty, the last working tin mine in Europe, which closed in 1998.
In the horizontal sundial (also called a garden sundial), the plane that receives the shadow is aligned horizontally.
(In the equatorial dial, the style stands vertically against the plate).
Hence, the line of shadow does not rotate uniformly on the dial face.
Consequently, the hour lines are spaced according to a calculation.
The hours before noon are exactly the same, because the dial is symmetrical, so the other lines are mirror images of those above.
The Aviator is a 2004 American biographical epic drama movie directed by Martin Scorsese.
It stars Leonardo DiCaprio as Howard Hughes.
It was nominated for 11 Academy Awards, and won five, including Best Supporting Actress for Cate Blanchett, who plays Katharine Hepburn.
Kate Beckinsale plays Ava Gardner.
The movie also won the BAFTA Award for Best Film.
With a population of 33,456, Mâcon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Whisky made in Scotland is known as Scotch whisky, or simply as Scotch (especially in North America).
Fowey is a small town and cargo port at the mouth of the River Fowey in south Cornwall, United Kingdom.
According to the 2001 census it had a population of 2,273.
There is a ferry between Fowey and Bodinnick.
The first road crossing going upstream is in Lostwithiel.
The river has seven tributaries, the largest being the River Lerryn.
The part of the Fowey Valley between Doublebois and Bodmin Parkway railway station is known as the Glynn Valley (from Glynn House, Cardinham).
The valley is the route of both the A38 trunk road and the railway line (built by the Cornwall Railway in 1859).
Sir Richard Grenville was a British naval commander.
His grandfather, Sir Richard, was a marshal of Calais during the time of Henry VIII.
With a population of 58,311, Niort has a population density of inhabitants/km.
A radar gun, used to measure the speed of cars or balls in sports, is usually calibrated with tuning forks.
The early medieval church building must have been smaller than the one in existence today and the church was rebuilt in granite in the 15th century.
The fine stained glass windows are from about 1500.
Historically copper and tin were mined in and around the parish, whilst more recently china clay has been the principal commodity mined.
The port of Par Harbour, which is in the parish, was built to make transporting these minerals easier.
The Cornwall Minerals Railway, which had a depot and station in the town, was also used to move them.
Harold Gresley (1892 – 1967) was an English artist.
His father and grandfather were also artists.
He painted mainly landscapes but also some portraits.
Competitive eating is a term for a sport where people play to see who can eat the most food in a given time.
The sport is most commonly played in the United States and Japan.
There are many different foods that can be eaten competitively.
Common ones include hot dogs, hamburgers, hot wings, and pies.
For a negative number, the numerical value is minus that of the absolute value.
Choosing the closest preferred value to any given value can be seen as a kind of scaled rounding.
Some computer languages and the IEEE 754-2008 standard dictate that in straightforward calculations, the result should not be rounded twice.
This has been a particular problem with Java as it is designed to be run identically on different machines, special programming tricks have had to be used to achieve this with x87 floating point.
The concept of rounding is very old, perhaps older even than the concept of division.
Some ancient clay tablets found in Mesopotamia contain tables with rounded values of reciprocals and square roots in base 60.
The Pont du Gard is a Roman aqueduct So France.
It is in the Gard département, in the area of the commune of Vers-Pont-di-Gard.
The name means Bridge over the Gard (the river Gardon).
Crush is a soft drink made by the Dr Pepper Snapple Group.
Most of his records were solo piano, but later in his career he also recorded with vocals by his wife, Estelle Yancey, under the name 'Jimmy and Mama Yancey'.
They recorded the first album which was ever recorded by the famous label Atlantic Records.
With a population of 34,843, Auxerre has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Albert Clifton Ammons (March 1, 1907 – December 2, 1949) was an important American blues and boogie-woogie pianist.
Mali at the Olympics is a history which started in the 1960s.
Since 1962, Mali has contributed to the growth of the Olympic Movement.
Different artificial sweeteners are used instead of sugar to give diet soda a sweet taste and some are often used combined with one another.
On 24 August 1914 at Audregnies, Belgium, Captain Grenfell rode with the regiment in a charge against a large body of unbroken German infantry.
Damages of friendly army were so heavy, and Grenfell was left as the senior officer.
When he was reorganizing the regiment behind a railway bank, he was twice hit and severely wounded.
But once he was asked to save the guns by Major Ernest Wright Alexander of the 119th Battery, Royal Field Artillery, Grenfell and some volunteers helped to push the guns out of range of enemy fire, under a shower of bullets.
As of 2011, no athlete from Bolivia has won an Olympic medal.
The National Sub-15 Football team won a gold medal at the Youth Olympic Games in Singapore 2010.
The Nissan Note is a car produced by Nissan Motor Company.
It replaced the Nissan Almera Tino in 2005.
Canada has hosted the Games three times.
The setting up of Seo Tai-ji & Boys in 1992 was a turning point for popular music in South Korea.
Using rap rock and techno styles, Hip hop duos such as Deux also were popular in the early 1990s.
Botulism is a rare disease caused by a bacteria called Clostridium botulinum.
You can get it from eating meat that is not cooked properly.
Babies can get it as well as adults.
Diets are about eating the right quantity and type of food at the right time.
When people talk about a diet, they are usually referring to a special kind of diet.
When someone says they are dieting, it means that they are trying to lose weight.
People who study diet and eating habits are called dietitians.
The Chief Justice of the Republic of India is the head of the judicial branch of the government of India and the chief judge of the Supreme Court of India, which makes them the highest ranking officer of the Indian federal judiciary.
The Chief Justice of India is appointed by the President of India with the advice and consent of the Parliament to serve until they reach the age of sixty-five, resign, are impeached or die.
In 1838 Whittaker went on a voyage to Austratia as gardener.
His new employer was Lt.
Col.
George Gawler who had recently been appointed as the second Governor of South Australia.
Whittaker, seven other employees from Derbyshire, Gawler and his wife and children arrived on the Pestonjee Bomanjee on 12 October 1838 in Adelaide.
They had traveled for four months via Rio de Janeiro.
When Whittaker and Gawler arrived they found poor conditions so gardening was not important.
Whittaker lived in the small village of Morley near Derby in the late 1850s.
He lived with his wife Mary in the house named Ferriby Brook.
He began in different positions mainly in the youth department with SV Austria Salzburg.
Now he is coach of Austrias U 19 national team.
Euglena can survive in fresh and salt water.
In low moisture conditions, Euglena forms a protective wall around itself and lies dormant as a spore until environmental conditions improve.
Euglena can also survive in the dark by storing starch-like paramylon granules inside the chloroplast.
Normally, a big change in gene function is resisted because the original function is needed, but after a duplication one gene carries on the original function.
Therefore, a change of function in the second copy is possible without loss of fitness.
Traditionally, these trees have been built using morphological methods, such as comparative anatomy, embryology, etc.
Recently, it has been possible to construct these trees using molecular data, based on similarities and differences between genetic and protein sequences.
All these methods produce essentially similar results.
That phylogenetic trees based on different types of information agree with each other is strong evidence of an underlying common descent.
There are more than 3,000 languages spoken in Africa.
These languages are grouped into several major language families.
Linguists do not agree about which groupings are correct and valid.
This classification of languages is based on the research of the linguist Joseph Greenberg, who published The Languages of Africa in 1963.
Still other linguists believe that the Nilo-Saharan languages and the Niger-Congo languages are part of the same family.
These linguists organize the African languages into only three language families: Niger-Congo languages, Afroasiatic languages, and Khoisan languages.
Little Walter made 15 singles that reached the Billboard R&B chart.
Mottola later went on to date other stars before dating Mexican singer Thalía, whom he married December 2, 2000.
They have a daughter together, Sabrina Sakaë (Oct 7, 2007).
Their second child, a son, Matteo Alejandro was born on June 25th 2011 .
He also is credited with creating the Latin Explosion in popular music by championing such Sony artists as Marc Anthony, Ricky Martin, Jennifer Lopez and Gloria Estefan.
Additionally, Mottola was the architect for some of Sony's biggest global brands such as Celine Dion and Mariah Carey.
During his 15-year tenure, Mottola built Sony up from a company with revenues of 800 million dollars a year to one with over 6 billion dollars of annual revenue by the year 2000.
Governor Gawler had managed to make South Australia self-sufficient in terms of agriculture and had restored public confidence.
Gawler was a resolute and energetic officer.
When he found the settlers faced with disaster, he judged at once what it was necessary to do, and saved the colony.
However, Gawler's work was long misjudged, largely because his successor Grey unfairly criticised Gawler.
Richard Charles Mills wrote in his Colonization of Australia that Gawler had been guilty of carelessness and wastefulness, and deserves blame.
But at the same time Mills admitted that Gawler was facing extraordinary difficulties.
There is also a Talbarahi Temple Hindu temple on the center of the lake.
If people want to visit the temple they must take a boat.
Anderson Meade Lewis (September 4, 1905 – June 7, 1964), known as Meade Lux Lewis, was an American blues, jazz and boogie woogie pianist.
Together with Pete Johnson and Albert Ammons he made boogie woogie popular.
After making 9 appearances in the U21 team, he made his debut for Sweden on 19 November 2008, in a 3–1 defeat to the Netherlands.
The local paper is the Cottonwood County Citizen.
He played for Germany at the FIFA World Youth Championship 2003, but tested positive with doping.
Xpress is a steel launched roller coaster at Walibi Holland in The Netherlands.
It opened in 2000 under the name Superman the Ride.
However, Six Flags was planning to open it under the name Riddlers Revenge and the ride was painted green at the factory.
Shortly before the coaster was built, the name was changed to Superman the Ride and was painted red and blue.
Since 2005 the coaster is called Xpress.
It is the first LSM coaster in Europe.
She performed the National Anthem of Singapore before the start of the Singapore F1 Grand Prix race on September 26, 2010.
In the same month, Sylvia made it to the Top 100 Sexiest Women in the World list of FHM.
Sylvia was on the cover of Cleo in March 2010 and November 2010.
Chaikovskiy is relatively far from Perm, but it has a good geographical position.
It is at the meeting point of Udmurt Republic, Bashkortostan and Perm Krai.
This school has general course and science and mathematics course.
The science and mathematics course is certified as SSH by Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, and Technology.
Before they went, the Russian minister advised them that only occupying Canton would not make the Qing dynasty give up, and that the better way to make them give in would be by moving onward to Peking.
However, the English-French armies still stuck with their first decision, which was to attack Canton.
Lord Elgin talked with Seymour and the other generals about their plan.
They were certain that they could take Canton.
Influential war novels from this time include Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace, about the Napoleonic Wars in Russia, and Stephen Crane's The Red Badge of Courage, about the American Civil War.
Machinists follow a print that tells them what kind of metal to use, where to cut, how deep to cut, what angles to cut at, and many other specified instructions to meet a person's standards.
Machinists will make use of calipers, gages, micrometers, paints, and other items for the use of checking to see if parts are machined correctly or planning out cuts.
Schistosomiasis, also known as snail fever and bilharzia, is a disease caused by parasitic flatworms called schistosomes.
The urinary tract or the intestines may be infected.
Symptoms include abdominal pain, diarrhea, bloody stool, or blood in the urine.
Those who have been infected for a long time may experience liver damage, kidney failure, infertility, or bladder cancer.
In children, it may cause poor growth and learning difficulty.
The disease is caused by contact with fresh water containing the parasites.
These parasites are from infected freshwater snails.
The disease is very common among children in developing countries, as they are more likely to play in water.
Other high-risk groups include farmers, fishermen, and people using unclean water.
It is a helminth infections.
Eggs of the parasite may be found in urine or stool.
Antibodies may also be found in the blood.
To prevent the disease use clean water and reduce snails.
The medicine praziquantel may be given once a year to everybody.
This will decrease the number of people infected.
Praziquantel is also the treatment recommended by the World Health Organization for those who are known to be infected.
Franz Binder scored 421 goals in 347 matches for Rapid, Austria and Germany.
Altogether he scored 1006 goals in 756 matches.
Teams from Jamaica have been in every Summer Olympic Games since then.
In 1960, Jamaican athletes competed as part of the West Indies Federation team.
Swardspeak uses word from Tagalog, English, Spanish, Cebuano, Japanese, Sanskrit, and other languages.
Names of Celebrities and trademark brands are also used.
Miyagi Prefecture used to be part of Mutsu Province.
That province was in the northern part of Honshu.
It was made from land taken from the indigenous Emishi.
The province became the largest as it expanded to the north.
The ancient capital was in modern Miyagi Prefecture.
Airfix is a UK manufacturer of plastic scale model kits.
Airfix was founded in 1939 by Nicholas Kove.
Airfix is currently owned by Hornby.
Saint Kitts and Nevis was first at the Olympic Games in 1996 and has been in every Summer Olympic Games since. St Kitts and Nevis has never been at the Winter Olympic Games.
Leonardo Vitor Santiago (born 9 March 1983) is a Brazilian footballer.
He plays as a striker for FC Red Bull Salzburg on loan from NAC Breda.
He is known as Leonardo.
Michele Steffin and Jennifer Steffin were born on March 23, 1981 in West Covina, California.
They are twins.
When they were children, they were actresses.
On the television series Little House on the Prairie they both played Rose Wilder.
It happened in the early 1980s.
In 1986 they played Hope Hazard on North and South television miniseries.
Afghanistan at the Olympics is a history which includes 13 games in 12 countries and 100+ athletes.
Since 1936, Afghanistan has contributed to the growth of the Olympic Movement.
India at the Olympics is a history which includes 32 games in 19 countries and 800+ athletes.
Since 1900, India has contributed to the growth of the Olympic Movement.
India's team first competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris.
Masiela Lusha (born 23 October 1985) is an Albanian-American actress, author and humanitarian admired for her elegance and charm.
Rosidae as governed by the ICBN is in the Cronquist system in 1981.
The turning of a handle powers mechanisms inside the model.
Air is sent through a pipe that makes sound, like the cries of the victim.
The pitch of the 'wail pipe' changes as the man's arm moves.
Inside the tiger's head air is pushed through two pipes to make a tiger's roar.
The ivory keyboard which operates an organ is hidden.
Famous people who were born in the Capitol Hill neighborhood include John Philip Sousa (whose birthplace, on G St., is still standing) and J.
Edgar Hoover.
Frederick Douglass's former house can be found in the 300 block of A Street Northeast.
(In the 1970s the Douglass house was later used as an African Art Museum by Warren M.
Robbins).
Getty's photograph collection is on the lower level of the west pavilion.
It includes 35,000 individual prints, 1,500 daguerreotypes and other cased objects, 30,000 stereographs and cartes-de-visite, and 475 albums containing almost 40,000 mounted prints.
His youngest brother Cameron, an insurance executive in Hartford, CT, stepped in as trustee, but it is unclear whether either Francis or Cameron ever received payment from the government of the court-ordered price of square 710.
If not, there may be the ironic situation of a government law-enforcement agency headquarters located on land for which the government did not comply with the law by paying the lawful price.
Cameron Winslow, determining that no one in the next generation appeared interested in managing the property, and unable to manage the properties day-to-day from Hartford, began selling all remaining parts of the property in the 1950s, completing the last of the sales in the 1960s, breaking-up the landed estate that Robert Brent had assembled some 200 years before.
Left-wing fascism (or left fascism) is when left-wing politics emulate and practice the traditional ideology of standardised fascism on the far-left side of the political spectrum.
Fascism has traditionally been identified as being part of far-right politics.
The existence of left-wing fascism was discussed shortly after World War II where many Social-Nationalist groups across Europe were identified as having left-wing ideals, some in direct opposition to right-wing groups.
The state of New York assists in financing the SUNY system, which, along with CUNY, provides lower-cost college-level education to residents of the state.
SUNY students also come from out-of-state and 171 foreign countries.
Out of state and foreign students pay more tuition than do students from New York State.
Foxhall is a rich neighborhood in Washington, D.C..
It is bordered by Reservoir Road on the north side and Foxhall Road on the west and south sides.
Glover-Archibold Park makes up the eastern border.
Walter Schachner (born 1 February 1957 in Leoben, Austria) is a retired Austrian football striker and former Austrian national team player.
He is now working as football coach for LASK Linz for Austrias Erste Liga.
The first shooting was aimed at the National Museum of the Marine Corps in Triangle, Virginia on October 16, 2010.
Some bullets from a high-velocity rifle went through the atrium skylight.
The second shooting happened on October 19, 2010 shortly before 5 a.m.
Someone shot at the south side of The Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia.
The bullets broke windows on the third and fourth floors.
Special glass stopped the bullets from entering the building.
The offices behind those windows were empty because of repairs.
The Pentagon Reservation was temporarily closed because the police searched the area for evidence.
The building was reopened about 5:40 a.m.
The Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading the investigation into the incident.
In the third shooting, the same rifle shot the Marine Corps Museum again on October 29.
The same rifle was used to attack a Marine Corps recruiting center in Chantilly, Virginia on October 26.
Molecular symmetry can be studied several different ways.
Group theory is the most popular idea.
Group theory is also useful in studying the symmetry of molecular orbitals.
This is used in the Hückel method, ligand field theory, and the Woodward–Hoffmann rules.
Another idea on a larger scale is the use of crystal systems to describe crystallographic symmetry in bulk materials.
Physicist Hans Bethe used characters of point group operations in his study of ligand field theory in 1929.
Eugene Wigner used group theory to explain the selection rules of atomic spectroscopy.
The first character tables were compiled by László Tisza (1933), in connection to vibrational spectra.
Robert Mulliken was the first to publish character tables in English (1933).
E.
Bright Wilson used them in 1934 to predict the symmetry of vibrational normal modes.
The complete set of 32 crystallographic point groups was published in 1936 by Rosenthal and Murphy.
The order of a group is the number of symmetry operations for that group.
Chemists are interested in electrocyclic reactions because the geometry of the molecules confirm a number of predictions made by theoretical chemists.
They confirm the conservation of molecular orbital symmetry.
Sulaimon Maurice Brown (born July 31, 1970 in Charleston, South Carolina) is an accountant.
He was a candidate for mayor of the District of Columbia in 2010.
During the campaign, he actively supported another candidate, Vincent Gray.
After Gray became mayor, Brown's criminal record became public.
He is being investigated by the United States Attorney.
Brown is also being investigated by committees of the DC City Council and of Congress.
Brown's father, Melvin Brown, was an Army Ranger, and Brown's mother was a nurse at Howard University Hospital.
Pentagon Police officers are Federal law enforcement officers, appointed under Title 10 Section 2674 of the United States Code.
They receive their initial training at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center in Glynco, Georgia.
This unit guards the Pentagon and other nearby Department of Defense facilities against possible attacks.
It checks all mail and deliveries.
CBRNE also monitors the environment at the Pentagon and DOD installations to make sure that they do not have these hazards.
When a suspicious item is found, bomb experts are sent to examine and sometimes to destroy the item.
This group manages PFPA's computers and networks.
It maintains security alarms and sensoring systems.
It operates the computerized locks that control building access.
The new museum replaces the Marine Corps Historical Center, in the Washington Navy Yard, which closed 1 July 2005, and the Marine Corps Air-Ground Museum, in Quantico, Virginia, which closed on 15 November 2002.
The historical exhibits including displays of artifacts, multimedia, and full immersion experiences.
For example, the exhibit on wintertime in the Korean War is in a room cooled to a lower temperature.
The museum building also include class rooms, a theater, a gift shop, bar and a restaurant.
The Women in Military Service for America Memorial is at the Ceremonial Entrance to Arlington National Cemetery.
The genus is the only one in its family, Squatinidae, and order Squatiniformes.
They are worldwide in temperate and tropical seas.
Most species are in shallow temperate or tropical seas, but one species is found in deeper water, down to 1,300 metres.
Angelsharks are specialised for a kind of predation which is unusual for sharks.
The Goblin shark can be easily identified by its long, flattened snout.
It has a noticeably long head, tiny eyes and five short gill openings.
The mouth is large and parabolic in shape.
Its body is soft and flabby.
This shark has a long caudal fin without a ventral lobe.
The pectoral fins are short and wide, and the two dorsal fins are small, round and equal in size.
The anal fin is round and smaller than the dorsal fins, while the pelvic fins are larger than the dorsals.
The Goblin shark has a long extendable jaw, with long, thin teeth.
The shape of its body shows that the Goblin shark is a slow moving species of shark.
Goblin sharks have 26 long, thin, spike-like teeth on their upper jaw and 24 on their lower jaw.
They have three rows of front teeth on each side of both jaws.
The teeth in the front upper jaw are separated from the smaller upper side teeth by a gap.
In general most booster seats can be used for children who are between four and twelve years of age and between 40 and 59 inches (100–150 cm) tall.
Children under 40 inches are usually too small to use booster seats and have to use a car seat (a child safety seat with an own seat belt system, used for children under the age of 4-6).
A dyotropic reaction is a type of chemical reaction.
It is when an organic compound changes its structure.
Two substituents jump from one place on the molecule to another.
It is a pericyclic valence isomerization when two sigma bonds move at the same time to a new place on the same molecule.
Dyotropic reactions are important in organic chemistry.
They can explain how certain reactions work.
Dyotropic reactions can be a useful step in making large and complicated molecules.
Dyotropic reactions were first described by Manfred T.
Reetz in 1971.
The name dyotropic reaction comes from the Greek word dyo meaning two.
Rearrangement means that the reaction changes the bonds between atoms on a single molecule.
In psychology, compensation is a way people hide something that they cannot do well, by doing something else really well.
They may not even be aware that they are doing it.
Compensation can hide real or imagined problems and personal or physical inferiority.
However it does not really solve the cause of the problem.
Positive compensations may help a person overcome difficulties.
But negative compensations do not, and can even make the problems worse.
An injective function is often called a 1-1 (read one-to-one) function.
However, this is to be distinguished from a 1-1 correspondence, which is a bijective function (both injective and surjective).
A pre-image does not have to be unique.
In the top image, both {X} and {Y} are pre-images of the element {1}.
It is only important that there be at least one pre-image.
In organic chemistry and biochemistry, substituent is the name for a single atom or for a group of atoms that take the position of another atom in a molecule.
They replace this atom.
This reaction is called a substitution reaction.
The atom or group of atoms that gets replaced is called the leaving group.
The music is played by a large orchestra.
There is a small clarinet (normally an E flat clarinet, although in Strauss's day he used a D clarinet) that describes the character of Till.
Till is also represented by a French horn.
Compounds that contain more than two double bonds are called polyenes.
Polyenes and dienes, share many of their properties.
The Lemon shark gets its name from the fact that it is yellow in colour.
The underside is usually white or a lighter yellowish colour.
Besides yellow, the Lemon shark is also brown and olive grey in colour.
The Lemon shark is stocky, blunt-nosed, and has two dorsal fins of similar size and shape.
The first dorsal fin is low and positioned at the back of the pectoral fins, and the second dorsal is of similar shape and size and positioned at the front of the anal fin.
The pelvic fin weakly concave (curving inwards) rear margins, and the pectoral fin's outer margin is slightly convex (curving outwards), and both fins are weakly falcate.
The snout is round and shorter than the width of the mouth.
There is no mid-dorsal ridge present on this species.
The upper teeth are narrow and broad with triangular smooth-edged cusps and finely serrated bases.
These teeth get more oblique as they get closer to the corner of the mouth.
The lower teeth are narrow and triangular with smooth-edged cusps.
When it comes to hunting, the Lemon shark is known to be very patient.
They are able to use their yellow coloring to help them successfully hide in their natural habitat.
They are often found swimming along the sand of the bottom of the water so they blend in easily.
This makes it easy to hide from predators and also to be able to find prey.
It is believed that this shark has a special set up with the retina.
This enables them to be able to see very clearly even in the murky depths under the water.
The Lemon Shark can be aggressive to humans, and is known to have a powerful bite.
Most of the attacks that have been noted were provoked, but not all.
Since Lemon sharks can blend into their surroundings so well, it is easy for someone to accidentally disrupt the shark.
What is encouraging about the Lemon Shark is that they are able to do fairly well in captivity.
That is not usually the case with species of sharks.
Still, many experts worry that they won’t copy all they do in the wild in captivity so they don’t usually rely on such details and observations as facts if they can’t also be confirmed in the wild.
They are very social, and they develop a hierarchy based on gender and size that is very complex.
These sharks represent a small threat to humans.
According to the International Shark Attack File, there have been only 10 unprovoked attacks by Lemon sharks, all occurring in Florida and the Caribbean.
There have been no fatal attacks from this species.
The Lemon shark does inhabit coastal waters which swimmers, surfers and divers commonly swim in.
The low number of attacks by this species shows that it is a small threat to humans.
The nurse shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum) is a bottom-dwelling shark, and is the only known species in the genus Ginglymostoma.
They range in length from , and weigh .
Nurse sharks feed on crustaceans, mollusks, sea snakes, fish, coral, and tunicates.
The Nurse shark is common in the coastal tropical and subtropical waters of the eastern Pacific and the Atlantic Ocean.
The Nurse shark is a nocturnal animal that rests on sandy bottoms or in caves or crevices in shallow waters during the day.
They are usually found in groups of up to 40, as they lie very close together, sometimes even piling on one another.
Nurse sharks are very active during the night.
In addition to swimming near the bottom, the Nurse shark can move around on the sea floor, using its flexible, muscular pectoral fins as limbs.
Large juveniles and adults are usually found around deep coral reefs, and rocky areas at depths of up to 3-75 metres (10-246 feet) during the daytime, and then they migrate into shallower waters of less than 20 metres (66 feet) deep after darkness.
Young Nurse sharks up to 1.7 metres (6 feet) are usually found around shallow coral reefs, grass flats or mangrove islands in waters which are 1-4 metres (3-13 feet) deep.
They often lie in groups within limestone holes or under rock ledges.
The average length of the spiny dogfish is 28-39 inches (70–100 cm), with adult males ranging from 24-35 inches (60–90 cm), and adult females ranging from 30-42 inches (76–107 cm).
The maximum reported length of males is 39 inches (100 cm), and females is 49 inches (124 cm).
Mature females can weigh as much as 3.2-4.5 kg (7-10 pounds), with a maximum recorded weight of 9.8 kg (22 pounds).
The all-tackle game fish record is 7.14 kg (16 pounds), and was caught off the coast of Ireland in 1989.
The details of polar ozone hole formation differ from that of mid-latitude thinning, but the most important process in both is catalytic destruction of ozone by atomic halogens.
The main source of these halogen atoms in the stratosphere is photodissociation of man-made halocarbon refrigerants (CFCs, freons, halons).
These compounds are transported into the stratosphere after being emitted at the surface.
Hockenheim was first mentioned 769 as Ochinheim in a document of the Lorsch Codex (a list of early monastery gifts).
The name Hockenheim was first used in official documents in 1238.
During the Middle Ages, Hockenheim was owned by several local authorities.
The Hockenheimring, a motor racing course built in 1932.
It has become on of the two home circuits of the Formula One German Grand Prix (the other is the Nürburgring).
It has hosted this F1 event over 30 times since 1970.
The leopard seal (Hydrurga leptonyx), also known as the sea leopard, is the second largest species of seal in the Antarctic (after the Southern Elephant Seal).
It is most common in the southern hemisphere along the coast of Antarctica and on most sub-Antarctic islands, but can also be found on the coasts of southern Australia, Tasmania, South Africa, New Zealand, Lord Howe Island, Tierra del Fuego, the Cook Islands, and the Atlantic coast of South America.
It can live twenty-six years, possibly more.
Killer whales, and large sharks are the only natural predators of leopard seals.
They eat Crabeater seals, consuming 80% of their young.
They are large and strong.
They have a dark grey back and a light grey stomach.
Its neck is a little bit white with black spots, which is the pattern of a leopard's coat.
That is how it got its name.
Leopard seals are carnivores.
It eats penguins, seagulls, fish, squid, octopuses, krill, shrimps, crabs and even other seals.
They are the only species of seals who eat warm-blooded prey.
They are very aggressive, and their only predator is the killer whale.
Their mouths can open 160° and clamp down with incredible force and can quickly emerge from the water to snatch prey, such as penguins on the ice's edge.
Leopard seals can easily rip penguins and baby seals to shreds by jerking their heads from side to side.
They have incredibly long teeth, up to one inch long.
Also, they have spotted grey skin and are 10-12 feet long and have a slender bodies.
The American chemist Fred McLafferty was the first to describe the reaction in 1959.
A double bond in chemistry is when two chemical elements are joined together in a chemical bond and share four bonding electrons instead of the usual two.
The most common double bond is between two carbon atoms, and can be found in alkenes.
There are many types of double bonds, such as in a carbonyl group with a carbon atom and an oxygen atom.
Other common double bonds are found in azo compounds (N=N), imines (C=N) and sulfoxides (S=O).
In skeletal formula the double bond is shown as two parallel lines (=) between the two joined atoms.
When this formula is printed, the equals sign is used.
1.
Flat barren, desert terrain: Flat terrain and hot conditions help the hot air fuel being always available.
The dust and sand helps the dust devil be seen.
2.
Clear skies or lightly cloudy conditions: The surface needs a lot of solar energy to heat the air.
A pi bond is weaker than a sigma bond, but the combination of pi and sigma bond is stronger than either bond by itself.
The extra strength of a multiple bond versus a single (sigma bond) is shown in many ways.
The most obvious is a contraction in bond lengths.
For example in organic chemistry, carbon-carbon bond lengths are in ethane (154 pm), in ethylene (134 pm) and in acetylene (120 pm).
More bonds make the total bond shorter and stronger.
Electronic configuration is based on S,P,D,and f -Block.
Bušić was granted parole in July 2008 and turned over to immigration authorities for deportation proceedings.
A condition of his parole was that he could not return to the U.S.
When the Great Chicago Fire destroyed the building in 1871, the Academy began to owe a lot of money.
The Academy tried and failed by renting facilities.
By 1878, the Academy owed $10,000.
Members tried to rescue the weak institution by making deals with local businesses.
Some people gave up in 1879 and started a new new organization, named the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts.
When the Chicago Academy of Design went bankrupt the same year, the new Chicago Academy of Fine Arts bought its assets in an auction.
The Art Institute owns a collection of medieval art made in Europe during the years 800-1300 AD.
It features both religious works and daily life objects.
It includes painting and sculpture, luxury metalwork and stained glass, textiles and manuscript illumination.
The museum owns major collections of arms and armor, jewelry, ceramics, and tapestries.
The museum owns items from the Renaissance era (1300-1600) in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands.
The east entrance of the museum is marked by the stone arch entrance that was moved from the old Chicago Stock Exchange building.
Louis Sullivan designed the Exchange in 1894.
The Exchange was torn down in 1972.
But saved portions of the original trading room were rebuilt inside the Art Institute.
On May 16, 2009, the Art Institute opened the Modern Wing, the largest expansion in the museum's history.
The addition, designed by Renzo Piano, makes the Art Institute the second-largest museum in the US.
The Modern Wing is home to the museum's collection of early 20th-century European art, including Pablo Picasso’s The Old Guitarist, Henri Matisse’s Bathers by a River, and René Magritte’s Time Transfixed.
The Modern wing also houses contemporary art from after 1960; new photography, video media, architecture and design galleries.
Those galleries show original renderings by Frank Lloyd Wright, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Bruce Goff.
The Modern wing also has temporary exhibition space; shops and classrooms; a cafe and a restaurant, Terzo Piano, that overlooks Millennium Park from its terrace.
In addition, the Nichols Bridgeway connects a sculpture garden on the roof of the Modern wing with the adjacent Millennium Park to the north and a courtyard designed by Gustafson Guthrie Nichol.
Kerberos has an estimated diameter of 13–34 km (8–21 miles).
Defences may be of two kinds.
Either the prey is uneatable because it has some kind of chemical defence, or its body is protected by spines or stings.
In that case the predator will reject it so long as the prey advertises its defence.
The macaroni penguin is a crested penguins that gets their names from their crest.
Macaroni penguins are known for their black faces and the orange-yellow crests that create a band across their foreheads.
Princeton is roughly same distance from both New York City and Philadelphia.
Since the nineteenth century, it has been connected by rail to both cities by the Princeton Branch rail line to the nearby Princeton Junction Station on Amtrak's Northeast Corridor.
Princeton is close to many major highways that serve both cities, and receives some TV and radio broadcasts from each.
Pole position in Bold.
Japan has won 37 medals at the winter games.
In the 1972 games in Sapporo, Japan's first gold medal in a winter sports was won by Yukio Kasaya in ski jumping.
For the 2011/2012 Season, the Home Kit is sponsored by Figure 11 Communications Ltd, the Away Kit is sponsored by Apex Hotels, and the rear of kit sponsor is Wright & MacLennan.
The group has more than 50 galaxies (including dwarf galaxies).
Its center of mass is somewhere between the Milky Way and the Andromeda galaxy.
The galaxies of the Local Group cover a 10 million light-year diameter and have a binary (dumbbell) shape.
The group has a total mass of about (1.29 ± 0.14)M.
Virus classification is the way viruses are put into groups by scientists.
A team from Lebanon was first at the Olympic Games in 1948.
They have been in all but one Summer Olympic Games since then.
Lebanon was one of three nations to boycott the 1956 Games in protest of the British and French involvement in the Suez Crisis.
At seven to 12 billion years of age, Barnard's Star is considerably older than the Sun, and it might be among the oldest stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
Barnard's Star rotates just once every 130 days (compared with just over 25-30 days for the Sun).
In 1998 astronomers saw an intense flare, showing that Barnard's Star is a 'flare star'.
Barnard's Star has the variable star designation V2500 Ophiuchi.
Structurally, words in Classical Chinese tend to be much simpler because they are usually made up of one Chinese character, while in Standard Chinese most words are made of two to four characters.
This is so that the writer can write what they want to write using as few characters as possible.
Examples are found below.
The following is a List of numbered routes in Delaware, made up of Interstate highways, U.S.
routes, and state routes.
The Delaware Department of Transportation is responsible for taking care of the numbered roads in Delaware.
State routes in Delaware use a highway sign that has the numbers in a white circle on a black square.
Delaware's numbering system is like that of the U.S.
Highways in that odd numbered highways (1, 3, 5, 7, or 9) travel north-south and even numbered routes (2, 4, 6, 8, or 0) go east-west.
The numbers get bigger as one goes south and west respectively.
There are some numbers that do not follow this, however, mostly with routes from other states keeping their number as they enter Delaware.
On 13 June 2011, Manchester United said that they had reached a deal to sign Jones.
The deal was for an undisclosed transfer fee.
The deal would be finished upon his return from international games.
He played his first game for the club on the 2011 pre-season tour to the USA, in United's 3–1 victory over Chicago Fire.
Jones played as a second-half substitute, replacing Rio Ferdinand, in a 3–2 win over rivals Manchester City in the 2011 Community Shield.
Jones played in his first Premier League game for United a week later.
He entered again as a substitute for Ferdinand.
United beat West Bromwich Albion 2–1 on the opening weekend.
The ocean sunfish (Mola mola, also called the mola or sun fish) is a large ocean fish found in warm and temperate oceans.
It is the heaviest known bony fish in the world.
It has an almost circular, flattened body.
This unusual fish swims by flapping its long pectoral and dorsal fins; the caudal fin is used as a rudder (for steering).
Some sunfish have been seen floating on their sides at the top of the sea; they may be using the sun to heat themselves up.
They eat crustaceans, starfish, jellyfish, sponges, mollusks, algae, plankton, squid, and small fish.
A successful pyramid scheme combines a business that seems real with a simple-to-understand money-making description which is used for profit.
The idea is that the first person, Mr.
X, makes a payment.
To get money, Mr.
X has to recruit others like him who will also make a payment. Mr.
X gets paid out of money received from those new people (recruits).
The recruits go on to involve others.
As each new recruit makes a payment, Mr.
X gets a part.
He is promised always increasing benefits as the business expands.
The São Paulo Museum of Art is an art museum on Paulista Avenue in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
The museum opened in 1968.
For , BMW designed a more aggressive P80 engine.
The engine had a big power improvement.
Schumacher and new team-mate Juan Pablo Montoya scored four race wins.
For , the team won only one race with Schumacher at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Montoya took seven pole positions, but was not able to win a single race.
On August 21, 2007, BMW confirmed its driver line-up of Heidfeld and Kubica for the season.
Indre has a population, in 2014, of 226,175, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The arrondissement of Châteauroux, with 126,428 inhabitants, is by far the largest.
4.
At some stage in their lives, all scallops all have a ridge of tiny teeth near the notch where the byssus comes out in other bivalves.
This is called the ctenolium.
Its importance is that only scallops have it, and it can be seen in fossils.
So that tells palaeontologists when they have a fossil scallop.
Some scallops, such as the Atlantic bay scallop Argopecten irradians do not live for a long time.
Others can live 20 years or more.
In Japanese cuisine, scallops may be served in soup or prepared as sashimi or sushi.
In a sushi bar, hotategai (帆立貝, 海扇) is the traditional scallop on rice.
Kaibashira (貝柱) might be scallop, but it can also be the adductor muscle of any kind of shellfish, such as mussels, oysters, or clams.
After he graduated from high school, Jackson had an offer to play professional baseball from the Chicago White Sox.
He also received a scholarship to play college football at the University of Illinois, which he accepted.
He later transferred to North Carolina A&T.
He was one of Martin Luther King Jr.'s main organizers in Chicago for the Southern Christian Leadership Conferences.
After King was shot, Jackson formed several civil rights organizations of his own.
Two of these were Operation PUSH and the Rainbow Coalition.
Jackson was also active in civil rights movements outside the United States.
He also served as a Baptist minister.
Limerick played in European competitions six times in its history.
In 12 matches they scored 7 goals and while the club never won a European game, it drew twice.
One of those draws was at The Dell against a Southampton team that included former European Footballer of the Year Kevin Keegan and Mick Channon.
In the home fixture famous rugby international Tony Ward played well against a Yugoslav international defender Ivan Golac.
Tasman Bay is a large bay at the north of New Zealand's South Island.
It is in the shape of a V.
It is in the middle of the island's northern coast.
It is 120 km long and 70 km wide.
It is a part of the coast of the Tasman Sea, on the western side of the Cook Strait.
In 1883, Burns began his professional baseball career.
He played as a pitcher for a minor league team in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
In his first season, Burns had an earned run average (ERA) of 2.30, and pitched in 20 games.
When he was not pitching, Burns played second and third base.
Cape Conran Coastal Park is a coastal reserve near Marlo in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
It is 420 km east of Melbourne and 530 km south of Sydney.
It covers an area of 11,700 hectares, and has 60 kilometres of coast line.
Most of the area is covered in banksias and woodland which attracts many nectar feeding birds.
Other birds seen in the area include the White-bellied Sea Eagles and Eastern Ground Parrots.
She served in the Florida State House of Representatives for eight years.
State term limits required Schultz to leave the House.
In addition to her work as a state legislator, she became an adjunct instructor of political science at Broward Community College.
She also worked as a public policy curriculum specialist at Nova Southeastern University.
She was elected to the Florida State Senate in 2000.
She was considered one of the most liberal members of Florida's state legislature.
She supported legislation requiring gender price parity for dry cleaning.
She supported bills to require that an equal number of men and women were appointed to state boards.
She pushed through several bills including the Florida Residential Swimming Pool Safety Act and one creating a Children's Services Council for Broward County.
The Save The Manatee Club gave Schultz an award for her work in the state senate to protect manatees.
Rottnest Island is now a very popular tourist destination, due to its beaches, wildlife and natural environment.
Nearly 500,000 people visit the island each year, mostly by ferry but others by aircraft (Rottnest has its own airport).
The island is looked after by the Rottnest Island Authority (RIA).
A fee is charged when people enter the island, which goes to help maintain it.
The main functions of the IIHF are to govern, develop and organize hockey throughout the world.
Also to promote friendly relations among the member national associations and to operate in an organized manner for the good order of the sport.
Even though the IIHF runs the world championships, it is also responsible for the organization of several European club competitions such as the Champions Hockey League or the Continental Cup.
With its 100 anniversary, the federation launched a new annual club competition in 2008, the Victoria Cup, named after the Montreal Victoria Skating Rink, the site of the first organized indoor ice hockey match.
The federation is governed by the legislative body of the IIHF which is the General Congress along with the executive body, which is the Council.
The Congress is entitled to make decisions with regard of the game's rules, the statutes and bylaws in the name of the federation.
It is also the body that elects the president and the council or otherwise known as board.
Pecten is a genus of large scallops or saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae.
Sachertorte (Sacher cake) is a chocolate cake with a chocolate icing and a apricot jam filling.
It is a typical sweet from Vienna.
It is named after Franz Sacher, who invented the recipe.
Endothermic reactions take in heat.
Exothermic reactions give out heat.
Thermochemistry combines the concepts of thermodynamics with the idea of energy in the form of chemical bonds.
It includes calculations of such quantities as heat capacity, heat of combustion, heat of formation, enthalpy, entropy, free energy, and calories.
Microsoft Agent is the technology created by Microsoft which uses animated characters Text to speech engines, and Speech recognition software to improve interaction with computer users.
It comes pre-installed with Windows 2000 through to Windows Vista but not on Windows 7.
Bella Thorne was born on October 8, 1997 in Pembroke Pines, Florida.
She is the youngest of four children.
Her older siblings are Kaili (born in 1992), Dani (born in 1993), and Remy (born in 1995), who are also actors and models.
When Thorne was growing up, Spanish was her first language, but she has forgotten it from not using it.
As period 1 only has two elements, there are no remarkable periodic trends.
The Turn- und Sportverein Hartberg is a football club from Hartberg, Styria.
The club is playing in the First league, the second division in Austrian football.
Beside the football section the club has 14 others, like chess, Judo and gymnastics.
IPSA wants to be close to other universities with a strong theoretical training for research and development jobs in order to graduate engineer in aeronautical and space engineering with a good general knowledge in aerospace.
The particularity of the university is to offer from the first year lessons relating to aeronautics in addition to basic scientific education and to provide a large part in project-based teaching throughout the curriculum.
Several managers have studied at the university, like Cyril Bourlon de Rouvre (1965), French businessman and politician, Philippe Harache (1976), former Executive Vice-President customers Eurocopter, Christian Gras (1983), Executive Vice-President customers Eurocopter or Éric Boullier (1999), Team principal McLaren.
In 1991, Belgian government gives the École d’aviation civile created in 1953 to Sabena airline.
It is renowned first Belgian Aviation School and then Sabena Air Training Center.
The same year, it was decided to carry out practical training in flight to Phoenix in U.S.A because the weather in Arizona allows flights 365 days per year in a high and complex air traffic.
Following that decisions, the school is created as a subsidiary of Sabena Flight Academy and under the name of Sabena Airline Training Center.
The city has a long history.
It was founded by phoenicians.
Named Iulia Traducta by the Romans in the First Century.
Fábio Pereira da Silva (born 9 July 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Manchester United.
The second team (SC Altach Juniors) is playing in the Vorarlbergliga (4th level).
Karl Decker (September 5, 1921 - September 27, 2005) was an Austrian footballer and football coach.
He played most of his time for First Vienna FC as midfielder.
Moliniana was a botanical journal issued between 1955 and 1966 in Santiago, Chile.
Its contents were botany, phytochemistry and related topics.
Gunckel, Looser and Navas were writers.
FC Blau-Weiß Linz is an Austrian football club from Linz, Upper Austria.
The team is playing in the Austrian Football Bundesliga after promotion in the 2023-24 season.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (or CDC) are a United States federal agency under the Department of Health and Human Services.
CDC main office is in Druid Hills, a neighborhood in northeastern Atlanta, Georgia.
It works to protect public health and safety.
It provides information to enhance health decisions.
It promotes health as a partner with state health departments and other organizations.
When an infectious disease or bad food can cause health problems, the CDC will tell the nation how to fight it.
The CDC works on environmental health, occupational safety and health, health promotion, injury prevention and education activities designed to improve the health of the people of the United States.
The next two seasons they won the championships and reached the Regionalliga Ost(3rd division).In the 2003/04 season the club reached the 4th place.
The following season the club reached sixth place in the league reached in the Austrian Cup the quarter-finals.
They won over SV Wörgl (3-0), SW Bregenz (2–1) and a sensational 5-1 victory overAustria Salzburg in the third round.
In the quarter-finals, St.
Poelten, was beaten by Austria Wien 6-0.
Usually, most people working in this form of economy are women; they work in the most erratic and corrupt segments of the job market.
What is more, most people at the top positions of the sector are men, and most people in the bottom positions are women.
About of land is drained by the Amu Darya into the Aral Sea endorheic basin.
This includes most of Tajikistan, the southwest corner of Kyrgyzstan, the northeast corner of Afghanistan, a long narrow portion of western Turkmenistan and about half of Uzbekistan.
About 61% of the drainage lies within Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan, while 39% is in Afghanistan.
Of the area drained by the Amu Darya, only about actively contribute water to the river.
Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers (CAPIF) is a group that represents the music industry in Argentina.
The movie starts with Selena (Jennifer Lopez) getting ready for her Houston Astrodome concert on February 26, 1995.
After her performance, the movie goes back in time to 1961.
Abraham Quintanilla, Jr.
(Edward James Olmos) and his band Los Dinos are at band practice.
After band practice, they went to see a promoter in the other side of town.
Los Dinos are then discriminated for being Americans of Mexican heritage.
Los Dinos then performed at a Spanish nightclub, and are booed off stage by Mexicans for not knowing any Mexican music.
The movie goes forward in time to 1981.
Abraham had quit his dreams of becoming a music star and began helping his family.
After work, Abraham sat down on his chair and began playing the guitar.
His youngest child, Selena (Rebecca Lee Meza) was playing a football game in the backyard.
She noticed her father and was curious to know what he was doing.
She started to sing in front of Abraham.
Abraham was surprised, he started a family band, and named it Selena y Los Dinos.
He puts A.B.
Quintanilla III (Rafael Tamayo) on base and Suzette Quintanilla (Victoria Elena Flores) on drums.
Selena became the singer of the group.
Henry Ford and his son posing in the model F Ford car in 1905.
Grignard reactions will not work if water is present; water causes the reagent to rapidly decompose.
So, most Grignard reactions occur in solvents such as anhydrous diethyl ether or tetrahydrofuran (THF), because the oxygen in these solvents stabilizes the magnesium reagent.
The reagent may also react with oxygen present in the atmosphere.
This will insert an oxygen atom between the carbon base and the magnesium halide group.
Usually, this side-reaction may be limited by the volatile solvent vapors displacing air above the reaction mixture.
Chemists may perform the reactions in nitrogen or argon atmospheres.
In small scale reactions, the solvent vapours do not have enough space to protect the magnesium from oxygen.
The oxidation of a Grignard reagent with oxygen takes place through a radical intermediate to a magnesium hydroperoxide.
Hydrolysis of this complex yields hydroperoxides and reduction with an additional equivalent of Grignard reagent gives an alcohol.
The following is a list of the group which is developing the telescope.
Sometimes a molecule can react using either an S1 or an S2 mechanism.
SC Austria Lustenau is a football club from Lustenau, Vorarlberg.
The club is playing in the Erste Liga, the second division in Austria.
JKLF seeks independence of Jammu and Kashmir state from both India and Pakistan.
The input command asks the user to input a value which in this case is number that tells the program what number to stop finding prime numbers at.
commands create a loop that can be repeated infinitely.
Gran Turismo is the PlayStation Portable game of the Gran Turismo racing series.
It has over 700 cars.
So long as the water is salty, these little animals can be found.
Ichinoseki is in the southernmost area of Iwate Prefecture in the Tohoku region of Japan.
The city's name means first gate in Japanese.
The Royal ghost frog (Heleophryne regis) is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, and rivers.
Carbocations are reactive intermediates in many organic reactions.
This idea, first proposed by Julius Stieglitz in 1899 was further developed by Hans Meerwein in his 1922 study of the Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement.
Carbocations were also found to be involved in the S1 reaction, the E1 reaction, and in rearrangement reactions such as the Whitmore 1,2 shift.
The chemical establishment was reluctant to accept the notion of a carbocation and for a long time the Journal of the American Chemical Society refused articles that mentioned them.
Nāropā (956–1041) was an Indian Buddhist teacher.
He was the disciple of Tilopa and also brother and pupil of Niguma.
Naropa was the main teacher of Marpa, the founder of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.
goiter (so-called endemic goiter), as well as cretinism, which results in developmental delays and other health problems.
The smallest tubes, tracheoles, penetrate cells and diffuse water, oxygen, and carbon dioxide.
Gas may be moved actively or by passive diffusion.
Unlike vertebrates, insects do not generally carry oxygen in their haemolymph.
Loblaws supermarkets and Petro-Canada gas stations in Canada have Krispy Kreme.
In the United Kingdom Tesco supermarkets, Tesco Extra and Moto service stations carry Krispy Kreme products.
They occupy the sea floors and lake beds, which usually consist of mud, sand, gravel or rocks.
In coastal waters they are found on or near the continental shelf, and in deep waters they are found on or near the continental slope or along the continental rise.
They are not generally found in the deepest waters, such as abyssal depths or on the abyssal plain, but they can be found around seamounts and islands.
The word demersal comes from the Latin demergere, which means to sink.
It competed with the Nintendo 3DS.
It is part of the eighth generation of gaming.
Makovicky and colleagues consider Rahonavis to be closely related to the South American dromaeosaurids Unenlagia and Buitreraptor, and thus a member of the subfamily Unenlagiinae.
Norell and colleagues (2006) also found Rahonavis to lie within the Unenlagiinae, as the sister taxon to Unenlagia itself.
A 2007 study by Turner and colleagues again found it to be closely related to Unenlagia.
However, studies published since 2009 that have found many traditional dromaeosaurids, including the unenlagiines, closer to Avialae than to dromaeosaurines.
A cladistic analysis recovered Rahonavis as a probable relative of Jeholornis and Jixiangornis.
There are over 300 buses in this list.
The player then opens 3 more boxes, and the banker will make another offer.
If after 6 offers, the player says no deal, they win whatever is in their box.
If they says deal at an offer, the player takes home the offer.
The game ends, but they play on to see what would have happened otherwise.
Youth is the opposite of elderly.
When something is new, it can be called young.
Sometimes young is only for living things, and things that are not alive are new.
The word youth is often used to describe young people from the beginning of the teen years to the beginning of adulthood.
Old can refer to someone or something's age.
SMILES can be converted back to 2-dimensional representations using Structure Diagram Generation algorithms.
This conversion can sometimes be ambiguous.
Because SMILES just says which atoms are connected without any information about the angles between chemical bonds, computer programs use energy minimization to convert SMILES to 3-dimensional representations.
There are many downloadable and web-based conversion utilities.
Cheminformatics combines the scientific working fields of chemistry and computer science.
Virtual libraries of classes of compounds (drugs, natural products, diversity-oriented synthetic products) were recently generated using the FOG (fragment optimized growth) algorithm.
He discovered deuterium, isolating it by repeatedly distilling a sample of liquid hydrogen.
In 1931, he and his associates went on to demonstrate the existence of heavy water.
Urey was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1934 for this work.
Isaac Asimov, a student at Columbia at this time, remembers Urey lamenting, perhaps too strongly, how pained he was that he could do nothing to help the war effort.
Asimov pointed out innocently that perhaps the enriched uranium kept at Columbia may have had something to do with the war effort.
Urey reddened and changed the subject.
Urey had worried about the German atomic bomb while working on uranium separation at Columbia during the war, and now referred to the most dangerous situation that humanity has ever faced in all history.
Richard Dreyfuss makes a cameo in the movie when he sings the song Show Me The Way To Go Home.
Some people in the United States want to complete the change-over to the metric system.
They say that it will make things easier for everybody.
Other people say that it will cost too much money.
Piranha 3DD is a 2011 movie directed by John Gulager taken from the subject by Alexandre Aja.
Is now one year after the attack of piranhas in Lake Victoria and everything now seems back to normal.
Instead, it turns out that not all piranhas are dead.
Fallon was seemingly dead in the first chapter.
The Deputy Prime Minister (DPM) is the second highest position and the second most senior Cabinet Minister in Singapore.
The DPM will sometimes become the Acting Prime Minister when the Prime Minister is temporarily not in Singapore.
Since the mid-1980s, Singapore has usually had two Deputy Prime Ministers at one time.
The Yugoslavian nationalists, who controlled the city with their National Guard, soon showed huge hostility toward the Italian troops, fearing they could remain forever in the city.
Even the arrival of slav refugees from the London Pact Italian-occupied areas increased the tensions: those refugees were responsible for most of the incidents in the next 2 years.
Three schools are associate members that play only one sport in the A-10.
Volkoff died on July 29, 2018 at the age of 70 just days after being released from a hospital in Glen Arm, Maryland where he had been treated for dehydration.
The hard palate is formed before birth.
If the fusion is not complete, it is called a cleft palate.
This is a birth or congenital defect.
Since the intertidal zone often desiccates when the tide is out, barnacles are well adapted to water loss.
Their calcite shells are impermeable, and they possess two plates which they slide across their mouth opening when not feeding.
These plates also protect against predation.
Sea anemone, such as Anthopleura elegantissima, can clone to reproduce.
The process is called longitudinal fission, in which the animal splits in two parts along its length.
Arnold Skaaland (January 21, 1925 – March 13, 2007) was an American professional wrestler and manager, He was best known for wrestling and managing with the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation.
He was nicknamed The Golden Boy.
During his managing career, he managed Bob Backlund, Tony Parisi, Bruno Sammartino and Rick McGraw.
He was inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame in 1994 by Bob Backlund.
The 2011 playoffs started on Wednesday, April 13, 2011, and ended with the seventh game of the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday, June 15, 2011.
The following players led the league in points at the conclusion of the regular season.
The following goaltenders led the league in goals against average at the end of the regular season while playing at least 1800 minutes.
Tropical Storm Gert formed on August 14.
It did not make landfall.
As Gert neared Bermuda, a small eye-like feature became apparent on radar imagery.
Coinciding with this, Gert reached its peak strength with winds of 60 mph (100 km/h).
Passing roughly 90 mi (150 km) east of Bermuda, Gert brought light rain and winds up to 25 mph (40 km/h) to the islands.
Tropical Storm Jose formed on August 27.
Jose did not make any landfall.
The eleventh named storm of the season formed south of the Cape Verde Islands on August 29.
The system became a tropical storm on August 30, at which time it was named Katia.
The Unnamed Tropical Storm formed on September 1 east of Boston, Massachusetts as a tropical depression.
The storm continued to strengthen and became a tropical storm later that day.
It lost all of its tropical characteristics on September 2.
A large area of cloud that moved off North Carolina became Tropical Storm Sean with winds of 50 mph on November 8.
The storm continued to strengthen and peaked at 65 mph.
It dissipated on November 12 because of being merged with a cold front.
The following is a list of major noteworthy MMA events during 2011 in chronological order.
A GFCI / RCD can also prevent dangers from short circuits and other electrical faults that don't involve humans such as a low current short where the current never reaches the trigger point for a circuit breaker, e.g.
a live wire falls in a tub of water or moist soil and only 1 or 2 amps of current flow.
During the early stages of development, when the cat is still an embryo, in each cell one of the X chromosomes (either the black one or the orange one) deactivates.
It is called X-inactivation.
All cells that were copied from a cell with a deactivated X chromosome will also have the same X chromosome deactivated.
This is what leads to formation of the spots.
The earlier in development the X chromosomes deactivate, the larger the spots will be.
Deactivation of one of the X chromosomes happens in all female mammals.
The white coloring on a calico is from a separate gene unrelated to the orange or black genes.
Whether or not a cat is a calico is determined by genetics, but the actual layout of the spots is not.
The layout of the spots is almost random.
It is not possible to selectively breed or clone calico cats: an attempt to clone a calico cat will produce a black and white cat or orange and white tabby cat.
The tortoiseshell cat is similar, although on a tortoiseshell cat the spots are usually smaller and closer together and there is less or no white.
Schmidt went to Bartlett High School in Anchorage, and graduated in 1985.
He has said that he wanted to be a meteorologist since I was about five-years-old but ...
I did some work at the US National Weather Service up in Anchorage and didn't enjoy it very much.
It was less scientific, not as exciting as I thought it would be - there was a lot of routine.
But I guess I was just a little naive about what being a meteorologist meant.
He decided to study astronomy just before he started at university.
He was graduated BS(Physics), BS(Astronomy) from the University of Arizona in 1989.
He received his MA (1992) and then PhD from Harvard University in 1993.
Schmidt's PhD thesis was supervised by Robert Kirshner and used Type II Supernovae to measure the Hubble Constant.
Aldrin is produced by combining hexachlorocyclopentadiene with norbornadiene in a Diels-Alder reaction to give the adduct.
It can be formed from the synthesis of hexachloro-1,3-cyclopentadiene with norbornadiene in a Diels-Alder reaction, followed by epoxidation of the norbornene ring.
The mountain had been part of the Yarralumla Station, a farm now used as the residence the Governor-General of Australia.
It was named Mount Stromlo by Frederick Campbell in the 1880s, but it is not known where he got the name.
The rock on Mount Stromlo is ignimbrite from a volcanic eruption during the upper Silurian period.
This is covering rhyodacite from a much earlier period, which can be seen on the surface on the lower slopes in the east and southeast sides.
The northern lower slopes are covered with a calcareous shale also from the Silurian period.
This is cut off on the northwest side by the Winslade Fault, which heads northeast to Cook and Kaleen.
A spur fault heads off east from the Winslade Fault to under the Scrivener Dam.
On the other side (northwest and north) of these faults are middle Silurian period rhyodacite volcanic deposits.
The northern side has been uplifted compared with the southern side.
In calculus, a function is a map whose action is specified on variables.
Take x and y to be two variables.
A function f may map x to some expression in x.
Assigning gives a relation between y and x.
If there is some relation specifying y in terms of x, then y is known as a dependent variable (and x is an independent variable).
A dependent variable is also known as a response variable, regressand, measured variable, responding variable, explained variable, outcome variable, experimental variable, and output variable.
Verbs that are often followed by a gerund include admit, adore, anticipate, appreciate, avoid, carry on, consider, contemplate, delay, deny, describe, detest, dislike, enjoy, escape, fancy, feel, finish, give, hear, imagine, include, justify, listen to, mention, mind, miss, notice, observe, perceive, postpone, practice, quit, recall, report, resent, resume, risk, see, sense, sleep, stop, suggest, tolerate and watch.
While English past participles, like past tense forms, are sometimes irregular, all English present participles are regular, being formed with the suffix -ing.
When firing a weapon without a bipod, it is harder to aim and keep the weapon steady.
The BMW Sauber Formula One team gave Wheldon the chance to drive for them, but he turned down their offer.
They could not give him a ride for the whole season, so he decided to continue to focus on Indy.
To think again.
Tae think again.
Felix Adjei ( born 17 December 1990) is a football player from Ghana.
He plays for FC Pinzgau Saalfelden in the Regionalliga Salzburg (3rd level in Austrian football) as midfielder.
Some gluten-free diets also exclude oats.
Doctors do not agree on whether oats affect coeliac disease sufferers.
Many alcoholic beverages are gluten free, but many types of whiskey and beer contain gluten, because using grains is a necessary part of their production.
Gluten-free diets have become popular worldwide.
Some say that such a diet can cause problems with Vitamin B and magnesium intake by the body, because wheat improves the rate in which humans body can use them.
Gluten-containing ingredients sometimes are used as colorants, preservatives and thickeners in products such as ice cream and ketchup.
Mayra Caryl Ambrosia Quintana — better known under the mononym, Myra — was born on April 21, 1987 in Los Angeles,California.
to Salvador Ambrosia and Consuelo Quintana.
Ivy Queen (born Martha Ivelisse Pesante on March 4, 1972 in Añasco, Puerto Rico) is a composer and singer known as The Queen of Reggaeton.
The song has been recorded many times, including the Australian folk-rock band the Bushwackers on their 1979 album, Bushfire.
Early 20th century theorists, such as Kurt Koffka, Max Wertheimer, and Wolfgang Köhler (students of Carl Stumpf) saw vision of objects as all elements taken together in a global construct.
This 'gestalt' or 'whole form' approach sought to understand perception – seemingly innate mental laws which determined the way in which objects are perceived.
National Cleavage Day is celebrated in offices, restaurants and bars throughout the nation.
This is a Dutch name.
The family name is van der Meer, not Meer.
Paul Baran (1926–2011) was an American engineer.
He was one of the first people to work in developing computer networks.
He invented packet switching networks.
Later, he started several companies that made important parts of the Internet and other modern digital communication.
Paul Baran was born in Grodno, Poland (which is now in Belarus) on April 29, 1926.
His family moved to the United States in 1928.
He graduated from Drexel University in 1949 with a degree in electrical engineering.
He did technical work on the first commercial computers in the United States.
He got a Masters degree in engineering from UCLA.
His thesis was on character recognition.
In 1959, Baran joined RAND Corporation.
He designed a survivable communications system that could keep working across long distances even if hit by nuclear weapons.
Baran proved that by dividing communication into short packages, the packages could be easily rerouted when a part of the network was lost.
Special computers (called routers) would steer the packages around the network toward their final destinations.
This later became the basic design of the internet.
In 1968, Baran was a founder of the Institute for the Future, and then involved in other networking technologies developed in Silicon Valley.
He founded a number of high technology companies.
Baran died in Palo Alto, California at the age of 84 on March 26, 2011, from lung cancer.
In the 1970s, Gehrels was in charge of the Imaging Photopolarimeter experiment on the Pioneer 10 and Pioneer 11 satellites which explored the planets, Jupiter and Saturn.
Gehrels edited a number of space science textbooks.
One of his sons, Neil Gehrels, was also an astronomer.
In India, some groups want separate countries for groups that have ethnic or language differences.
Some groups call for a separate state, others for regional autonomy while some extreme groups demand complete full independence from India.
Grete Waitz (1 October 1953 – 19 April 2011) was a Norwegian marathon runner and former world record holder.
Waitz won nine New York City Marathons between 1978 and 1988, more than any other runner in history.
She won a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.
She won a gold medal at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki.
Waitz also won the London Marathon in 1983 and 1986.
The win in 1986 was her personal best time of 2:24:54.
She won the Stockholm Marathon in 1988 at 2:28:24.
(As of 2011 this is the Stockholm course record for women).
There are however many variations, and many surprising aspects.
For one thing, Salticids do not necessarily follow a straight path in approaching prey.
They may follow a circuitous course, sometimes even a course that takes the hunter through places where the prey is not visible.
Such complex behaviour is hard to reconcile with an organism that has such a tiny brain.
Some spiders in species of Portia can take long detours from one bush down to the ground, then up the stem of another bush to capture a prey item on a particular leaf.
Such behaviour is the subject of research.
Lipscomb's later research was on the atomic structure of proteins.
He studied how enzymes work.
His group used x-ray diffraction to measure the three-dimensional structure of these proteins.
He calculated the exact location of every single atom in these large molecules.
Lipscomb then studied these details to learn how the molecules work in biological systems.
Ian Hill Nish CBE (born 3 June 1926) is a British academic, a specialist in Japanese studies, and Emeritus Professor of International History at the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
It has been a real confusion on who won the war.
Both nations believe it has been won by them but no one is sure who really won the war.
At Dejima Island in Japan, Titsingh was the head of the Dutch East India Company(Vereenigde Oost-Indische Compagnie or VOC in Dutch) during 1779-1780, 1781–1783, and 1784.
In these years, the Japanese policy of seclusion of isolation (sakoku) limited all contact with non-Japanese.
In 1995, Chaz, who still appeared female at the time, told The Advocate that he was a lesbian.
Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport is a large airport in France.
It is in the outskirts of Paris.
In 2010, it handled 58,164,612 passengers.
Robert Pierpoint (May 16, 1925 – October 22, 2011) was an American broadcast journalist who worked for CBS.
Herbert Aaron Hauptman (February 14, 1917 – October 23, 2011) was an American mathematician.
He won a Nobel Prize.
He made a mathematical method to find a molecular structures based on the X-ray patterns of crystallized materials.
With Jerome Karle, he won the 1985 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
He was born in New York City.
He was the oldest child of Israel Hauptman and Leah Rosenfeld, and of Jewish descent.
Hauptman was interested in science and mathematics from an early age.
He studied at Townsend Harris High School.
He graduated from the City College of New York (1937).
He earned an M.A.
degree in mathematics from Columbia University in 1939.
He married Edith Citrynell on November 10, 1940, and had two daughters.
After World War II, he began working together with Jerome Karle, a physical chemist, at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, D.C..
He also enrolled in the Ph.D.
program at the University of Maryland, College Park.
They used their mathematics and physical chemistry skills to solve the phase problem of X-ray crystallography.
By 1955, he had received his Ph.D.
in mathematics, and they had worked out the direct methods in X-ray crystallography.
Their 1953 article, Solution of the Phase Problem I.
The Centrosymmetric Crystal, contained the main ideas, the most important of which was the introduction of probabilistic methods.
Oberndorf is well known for its youth teams.
Over 100 young players play in seven youth teams.
Famous players who started their career in Oberndorf were Hermann Stadler, who played as professional for Austria Salzburg and Rapid Wien and Gerald Baumgartner who also played for Austria Salzburg and for Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.
A value x is a fixed point of a function f if and only if f(x) = x.
Standard ML is a functional programming language which is a dialect of ML (programming language).
It is sometimes used for writing compilers and in theorem provers.
Ocean acidification is the decrease in the pH (scale of acidity and alkalinity) and increase in acidity of the Earth's oceans.
It is caused by the increase of carbon dioxide (CO2) that humans have put into the atmosphere.
More than 30% of the carbon dioxide in the air goes into the oceans.
Therefore, when carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases, the carbon dioxide in the ocean increases, too.
1.
Two Marine Forces (Pasukan Marinir), a unit similar to a division, led by a Marine Brigadier General.
2.
Three Marine Infantry Brigades (with nine Marine Infantry Battalions).
3.
Two Marine Cavalry Regiments (with Marine Amphibious Tank and also Amphibious Artillery-bearer Landing Craft Battalions).
4.
Two Marine Artillery Regiments (with Marine Rocket, Howitzer and Gun Battalions).
5.
Two Marine Combat Support Regiments, with Marine Engineer, Military Police, Base Defense, Motorized Transportation, Amphibious-Reconnaissance and also Logistic Battalions.
6.
Two Marine Bases in Jakarta and Surabaya.
7.
Two Marine Hospitals.
The Space Launch System comes in many different types meant to launch different kinds of missions.
Clements's second term was hurt by actions he took at SMU.
On March 3, 1987, Clements admitted that he and the SMU board of governors had approved a secret plan to pay 13 college football players using money from an alumnus.
The NCAA shut down the SMU football program for the 1987 season.
They did not have a team in 1988 as well.
The shutdown and other sanctions hurt the team for many years.
The College of Bishops of the United Methodist Church investigated the scandal.
The discovered Clements had met with athletic director Bob Hitch, and agreed that the payments had to continue.
The name is from Greek Καλλίπολις (Kallipolis), meaning Beautiful City.
The SV Wacker Burghausen is a professional football club from Burghausen, Bavaria.
Burghausen plays in the 3rd German league.
The club is part of the SV Wacker Burghausen, a sports club with 24 different sports.
During its history the club promoted up to the Second Bundesliga, where thy played from 2002/03 till 2006/07.
2007/08 they were 7th in the Regionalliga and qualified for the new 3.Liga.
It finished the 2008–09 season in 18th place, on a relegation rank but was saved from having to step down to the Regionalliga by the withdrawal from the league of Kickers Emden for financial reasons.The next season the club finished in 18th place,on a relegation rank but was again saved from having step down to the Regionalliga by the financial problems of Rot Weiss Ahlen.
Garageland is a song by English punk rock band The Clash, featured on their first album, The Clash.
In 1254, Boccasini became a Dominican friar at the age of 14.
He rose in the ranks of the Order; and was elected General or Master of the Order of Preachers in 1296.
Mahatma Gandhi was the leader of the Indian independence movement.
He was also known as Mohandas Karam Chandra Gandhi.
The Twelve Days of Christmas is an English Christmas carol which was published around 1780 but may predate the publication by centuries.
It is a cumulative carol.
It depicts a succession of gifts given (a variety of birds and five golden rings) and people and activities having to do with a Twelve Days of Christmas feast holiday (from Christmas Day to Epiphany), possibly in a royal court.
(There have been claims on social media that) it was written by Catholics in hiding during the days of Queen Elizabeth I of England's persecution.
(The claim is that) it was invented (evidence needed of origin) to help teach children articles of the Catholic faith without drawing attention from government officials, using imagery as a tool to help the children remember.
(However the articles of faith listed existed in both the Catholic faith and Church of England and this claim appears to be debunked).
The song represents increasingly grand gifts given during each of The Twelve Days of Christmas.
In the claim the following meanings were attached: The partridge in a pear tree symbolizes Christ on the Cross.
The two turtledoves represent his Human and divine nature, the two books of the Old and New Testament, and the two tablets the Ten Commandments were carved on.
The three French hens symbolize the Trinity of the Catholic faith: God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, as well as the three Cardinal virtues of Faith, Hope and Charity.
The four calling birds were the four Evangelists who wrote the gospels, etc.
Orthacanthus was the terror of freshwater swamps and bayous in Europe and North America.
Its body reached nearly 10 feet (3 meters) in length and its powerful jaws were lined with double-fanged teeth.
Warded locks are the simplest locks to pick and are picked by inserting a warded lock pick (also called a skeleton key) into the keyhole and turning it as if it were the key.
A pick for warded locks can be made by filing down all of the teeth on a regular key except the last one, or for some locks, the last two.
Mimosa pudica is well known for its rapid plant movement.
You might use Bayesian probability if you don't have information on how often the event happened in the past.
Dani Rodrik (born August 14, 1957 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish economist in the fields of international economics, economic development and political economy.
In 1991 Jackson's first book La Toya, Growing Up In The Jackson Family was published.
Jackson did not move out of the Jackson family home until she was 31 years old.
In 1989 she married her manager Jack Gordon.
She did not want to.
In 1993 Gordon beat Jackson with a chair many times.
She had to have 12 stitches in her mouth.
In 1996 Jackson escaped from Gordon with the help of her brother Randy.
She sued Gordon under the Violence Against Women Act.
It was reported that on December 9, 2013 Jackson married Jeffrey Phillips in Los Angeles.
The second option was chosen, and the parliament was the country's first self-governing institution.
In 1954 elections were held, and Ismail Azhari won.
He was the leader of the National Unionist Party; he wanted to get rid of the British control in Sudan.
Azhari was for the unity of Egypt and Sudan, but this changed once he was elected as prime minister.
South Korea is the second largest user of TOEIC by population.
But, some major corporations have stopped using TOEIC scores for employment, or have required lower scores.
In France, some Grandes écoles require a TOEIC score of at least 785 for a diploma.
Some people think this is wrong because it means a diploma from a state school depends on a private corporation.
The Commission des titres d'ingénieur set the 785 score as similar to a B2+ level on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
Sud-Est (South East) is a development region in Romania.
Sud (South) or Sud-Muntenia is a development region in Romania.
The capital of the South Development Region is Călăraşi.
The Bucharest-Ilfov development region is a development region in Romania.
It includes the national capital, Bucharest, and Ilfov County.
As a development region, it does not have any administrative powers.
It coordinates regional development projects and manages funds from the European Union.
It is also used for regional statistical analysis at the European Union NUTS-II level.
Sud-Vest (South West) or Sud-Vest Oltenia is a development region in Romania.
It almost the same area as the historic region of Oltenia.
It is called sometimes Regiunea de dezvoltare Sud-Vest Oltenia.
SVG Reichenau is a sportsclub from Reichenau, a suburb of Innsbruck, Tyrol.
The football club is playing in the 4th Austrian league, the UPC Tirol Liga.
Other departments are Taekwondo and different sparetime sports like cycling and skiing.
The club was founded in 1976.
The colours are red, white and black.
After the Mukden Incident of September 18, 1931, the Japanese Kwantung Army invaded Manchuria, and by February 1932 had captured the entire region.
The last emperor of the Qing Dynasty, Puyi, who was living in exile in Tianjin was invited by the Japanese to accept the throne of the new Empire of Manchukuo, which was controlled by the Japanese army.
In January 1933, to guard Manchukuo’s southern borders, a joint Japanese and Manchukuo force invaded Rehe, and after conquering that province by March, drove the remaining Chinese armies in the northeast outside the Great Wall into Hebei Province.
The Western powers blamed Japan's actions but did little else.
When the League of Nations demanded that Japan stop fighting, the Japan withdrew from the League on March 27, 1933.
The Mukden Incident, also known as the Manchurian Incident, was an event set up by Japanese soldiers as a reason for invading the northern part of China known as Manchuria in 1931.
The cochlea is the auditory portion of the inner ear.
It is a spiral-shaped cavity in the bony labyrinth, making 2.5 turns around its axis.
Coke is an almost pure form of carbon.
The calorific value (heat energy produced when a fuel is burnt) of coke is about 56,000 kilojoules/kilogram.
During the Second World war there was again no football in Vorarlberg.
But 1945 the team started again under the name FC Rapid Lustenau.
In 1947 they got their old name FC Lustenau 07 back.
In 2000 the club was promoted to the Austrian First League.
2004 they were relegated.
In the 2005/06 season they won the Regionalliga West with 27 wins, 3 draws and 0 lost (104:22 goals).
Till the 2012-13 season they played in the Austrian First League.
Due to financial problems the club played the next season in Vorarlberg 2.
Landesklasse (Level 7).
Till the 2019-20 season they reached the Vorarlbergliga (Level 4) the highest level in Vorarlberg football.
The coastal exposures along the coastline provide a continuous sequence of Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous rock formations spanning approximately 185 million years of the Earth's history.
The localities along the Jurassic Coast include some important fossil zones.
In 2005, work began on a £16 million engineering project to stabilise the cliffs and protect the town from coastal erosion.
The town's main beach was reconstructed and re-opened on 1 July 2006.
The 13 states are based on historical Malay Kingdoms.
9 of the 13 states, known as the Malay States, retain their royal families.
The Federal King (titled Yang di-Pertuan Agong) is elected (de facto rotated) among the nine rulers to serve a 5-year term.
The nine Malay States have a hereditary Ruler as titular Head of state and an executive Chief Minister or Menteri Besar as politically responsible Head of government.
The rulers of Johor, Kedah, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Terengganu are styled Sultans (typically Islamic).
Only Negeri Sembilan's elective ruler holds the rare, autochthonous Malay title of Yang di-Pertuan Besar, whereas only the Ruler of Perlis is titled Raja.
Former British settlements and crown colonies of Penang and Malacca (both peninsular) and Sabah and Sarawak (both on Borneo) each have a federally appointed titular Governor (styled Yang di-Pertua Negeri) and an executive Chief Minister or Ketua Menteri.
Sabah and Sarawak have additional powers as part of the terms when they joined Malaysia, such as immigration controls.
They have separate immigration policies and controls and a unique residency status.
Passports are required even for Malaysians for travelling between these two states or between either state and Peninsular Malaysia, however Peninsular Malaysians who are on social/business visits up to three months are allowed to produce a MyKad or birth certificate and fill in a special form in lieu of a passport.
The Voyager Golden Records are records that contain sounds and images chosen to show the life and culture on Earth.
They show photographs of life on earth, including nature, cities, people and animals.
They also have greetings recorded in 55 languages, songs from around the world, and non-musical sounds.
The record gives specific instructions and distance measurements that can be used to pinpoint Earth's location as well.
The record was designed by a team headed by Carl Sagan to communicate with extraterrestrial life.
Hasekura was a subject of interest in Europe.
In 1615, Scipione Amati published a book about Haskeura's journey.
In 1616, a book about the Japanese diplomats was published in French in Paris.
Many people in Coria del Río, Spain have the surname Japón.
These are descendants of the Japanese travelers.
In 1871, the palace became the official royal residence of the Kings of Italy.
It won the award for best pie in football two years running in 1998 and 1999, and attracted quite a reputation amongst away fans for its quality.
Laura Feiersinger played for the Austrian U17 and U19 team and since 2010 in the Austrian women football national team.
During the war, Indian and Pakistani forces fought on the eastern and western fronts.
The war effectively came to an end after the Eastern Command of the Pakistani Armed Forces signed the Instrument of Surrender (1971) on December 16, 1971.
After the surrender, East Pakistan seceded as the independent state of Bangladesh.
Around 97,368 West Pakistanis who were in East Pakistan at the time of its independence, including some 79,700 Pakistan Army soldiers and paramilitary personnel and 12,500 civilians, were taken as prisoners of war by India.
The United States supported Pakistan politically and with supplies.
President Richard Nixon and his Secretary of State Henry Kissinger feared Soviet expansion into South and Southeast Asia.
Pakistan was a close ally of the People's Republic of China, with whom Nixon had been negotiating a rapprochement.
Nixon was planning to visit China in February 1972.
Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of West Pakistan would give the Soviets control over the region.
It would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of America's new tacit ally, China.
In order to demonstrate to China the bona fides of the United States as an ally, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan, routing them through Jordan and Iran, while also encouraging China to increase its arms supplies to Pakistan.
The Nixon administration also ignored reports it received of the genocidal activities of the Pakistani Army in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram.
This prompted widespread criticism and condemnation both by Congress and in the international press.
Long Buckby is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England, midway between Northampton and Rugby.
In the 2001 census the parish of Long Buckby (which includes the hamlet of Long Buckby Wharf) had a population of exactly 4,000.
registers to be accessed and instruction with them executed in one machine cycle.
Eduard Edi Kainberger (born 20 November 1911 in Salzburg, died 7 March 1974) was an Austrian football player.
He played as goalkeeper for SAK 1914 and the Austrian amateur footballteam.
With this team he won the silver medal at the 1936 Olympic football tournament.
Folie à deux is the name for a condition where an otherwise sane person develops the symptoms and delusions of a person suffering from psychosis.
If more than two people share the symptoms or delusions, people speak about folie à trois (3), folie à quatre (4), folie à plusieurs, or folie en famille.
Officially, the condition is known as induced delusional disorder or shared psychotic disorder today, but many publications still use the original terms, which were developed in France in the 19th century.
SnRNPs were discovered by Michael Lerner and Joan Steitz.
Peter Halkett was a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy in the 1840s.
He was the son of John Halkett, a director of the Hudson's Bay Company who had lived in Canada for many years before returning to England.
Peter Halkett was interested in the exploration of the Canadian Arctic for a long time.
He was very interested in John Franklin's Coppermine Expedition of 1819–1822.
This expedition had many problems.
Because of how well the boat-cloak did during his tests, Halkett built a larger version.
This boat could be folted into a knapsack.
When inflated, it could carry two men.
Each man would use a paddle on each side of the boat.
When deflated, the boat could be used as a waterproof blanket.
This would allow the users to sleep on wet ground.
The people in charge of the Royal Navy though the boat could be useful to some people but was not likely to be useful to the Navy.
On 8 May 1845 Lord Herbert, First Secretary to the Admiralty wrote to Halkett that My Lords are of an opinion that your invention is extremely clever and ingenious, and that it might be useful in Exploring and Surveying Expeditions, but they do not consider that it would be made applicable for general purposes in the Naval Service.
Fußball Club Südburgenland is an Austrian women's football club from Olbendorf in the south of the federal state Burgenland.
This is the reason for the name of the team.
An algal bloom is an accumulation of algae (typically microscopic) or a rapid increase in their amount in a body of water.
Algal blooms may occur in fresh water as well as salt water.
Algal bloom concentrations may reach millions of cells per milliliter of water.
Algal blooms are often green, but they can also be other colors such as yellow-brown or red, depending on the species of algae.
So-called algal blooms are often caused by Cyanobacteria such as Aphanizomenon flosaquae, which are no longer considered to be algae.
Some kinds of algal blooms, such as red tides, are poisonous.
We can find different types people in that locality on the basic of caste and so on.
Through this cycle, called the results silver eight that showcases the very beautiful natural scenery with twelve ponds that are surrounded by meadow vegetation in protected plants - such as Menyanthes trifoliata which is an herb that has known its share in it drink, which has a great success both at home and abroad and is known for Becherovka.
The town Ratibořské Hory (Bergstadtl), founded four hundred eighty years ago in the northeast of Tabor, was for several centuries dependent on mining.
Canoe racing is a water sport.
The sport normally takes place on water that is moving very slowly or not moving at all.
The goal of the sport is to move the canoe a given distance in the shortest time.
This sport is an Olympic event.
At one time, wooden boats were used for racing.
Over time, people started using boats made of carbon fibers.
These boats are lighter and tougher than wooden boats.
Races are divided into several groups based on how long they are.
In October 1086, Alfonso had a battle with the Almoravids.
They attacked each other at Sagrajas, where Alfonso was defeated.
The loss made Alfonso reconsider banishing El Cid.
Alfonso called him back, hoping El Cid could defeat the Almoravids.
However, the trust issues led the two men to go their separate ways yet again.
The Alfonso and El Cid were meet together with their armies, but they failed to because of miscommunication.
People convinced King Alfonso that El Cid had planned to not show up, and let Alfonso and his army be defeated.
Once again, Alfonso exiled El Cid.
Andre: Andre is the stepbrother of Tiffany.
He was introduced in Dork Diaries: Tales from a Not-So-Secret Crush Catastrophe (the 12th book of the Dork Diaries series).
He is one of the main antagonists in the newer books but turned into a protagonist in the story.
André strongly rivals Brandon Roberts and tries to undermine his relationship with Nikki Maxwell as well as the popular ship Nandre.
He is also the first and only friend of Nikki to call her Nicole.
Nina Aigner (born 20 June 1980 in Antiesenhofen, Austria) is a former Austrian football player.
She played as striker and finished her career after the 2010/11 season.
Her last team was FC Bayern München.
Nina Aigner was also a talented tennis player and played at the age of 15 un the U16 team world championship where she won the bronce medal.
All countries have different laws for semi-trucks.
The biggest difference between the EU, UK, and US is the length of the semi-truck.
Most weigh about the same (US trucks weigh a little less than EU and UK trucks).
Most are about the same width and height.
In large countries truck s can be longer.
They can have a larger cargo space.
Longer semi-tractors drive better at faster speeds.
Most US trucks are convential (bonneted in UK) with the engine under a hood in front of the cab.
In the US shorter trucks weigh less.
The weight has to be spread out over a long length.
This is important on bridges.
With long semi-trucks not as many trucks fit on the bridge and the weight of the axles are far apart.
This length is important in the US.
The Go-Joseon period lasted from 2333 BC to 108 BC.
The Goryeo Dynasty lasted from 918 to 1392.
Nina Burger (born 27 December 1987 in Tulln, Austria) is an Austrian football player.
She plays for the Austrian National football team and SV Neulengbach in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest level in Austrian Women´s soccer.
She is a striker.
She started playing at the age of seven for the youth teams of FC Hausleiten.
She started her club career with SV Langenrohr from Lower Austria.
2005 she went to SV Neulengbach.
There she is still playing.
Jan Adam von Auersperg came back from Italy with six seedlings of chestnut at the end of 18th century.
He ordered that the seedlings were planted on the north side of Nasavrky hill.
This happened between 1776 to 1778.
The plants were the start of Kaštanka.
In passing time, the set was expanded a lot.
Kaštanka had over 110 trees in the turn of 19th and 20th century.
Kaštanka was made a nature monument on 1 December 1990.
At that time, Kaštanka had over 138 trees.
One of the first planted trees survives to this day.
It was named Knížák in honor of prince Auersperg.
The town was named after the Native American word for the Kaskaskia River.
The site of Kaskaskia had been a Native American village for thousands of years.
In 1703 French Jesuit missionaries started a mission.
They wanted to change the Illini (Native American) people's religion to Catholicism.
The first stone church was built in 1714.
The French also had a fur trading post at the village.
French settlers came to farm and mine lead on the Missouri side of the river.
In 1718 Kaskaskia became the capital of Upper Louisiana and a fort, Fort de Chartres,was built.
Kaskaskia is located at .
George Thorogood (born February 24, 1950) is an American blues rock singer/guitarist.
He is from Wilmington, Delaware.
Thorogood is famous for his cover versions of blues standards.
He says Elmore James, Hound Dog Taylor and Chuck Berry are the people who influenced him musically.
St.
Charles was home to the first interstate highway project in the nation.
60 years of painting, the exhibition held in Italy in 2010, is a creative journey through the twentieth century, reflecting on the role of the artist nowadays.
The city's main industries include healthcare, tourism, manufacturing, and professional services.
It also has the Park City Center shopping mall.
A controversial, citywide video surveillance system includes the most outdoor cameras per person of any US city.
Lancaster has one of the highest rates of green roof space per capita in the US.
It now has of green roofs for a city with a downtown population of 65,000.
The city of Lancaster has several museums that preserve its important contributions to society.
The Demuth Museum is in the former home of a well-known Lancaster painter named Charles Demuth.
Additional art museums include the Lancaster Museum of Art and the Philips Museum of Art on the campus of Franklin & Marshall College.
Art students at the state-of-the-art Pennsylvania College of Art and Design present their works at the academy's gallery that is open to the public.
The Lancaster County Quilts and Textile Museum celebrates the hand-sewn quilts and other textile items produced by the region's Amish and Mennonite communities.
Lancaster also possesses two other museums showing Pennsylvania Dutch heritage with the Lancaster Mennonite Historical Society Museum and the Heritage Center Museum.
Children can have a hands-on experience with educational learning at the Hands-on House, also known as Children's Museum of Lancaster.
Nature and geology-minded visitors can view the more earthly exhibits of the Louise Arnold Tanger Arboretum and the North Museum of Natural History and Science.
Upon completion, the Lancaster County Convention Center will incorporate the Stevens and Smith Historic Site, a museum that will include the preserved home of Thaddeus Stevens and his confidante Lydia Hamilton Smith.
Argerich was born in Buenos Aires and started playing the piano at age three.
At the age of five, she moved to teacher Vincenzo Scaramuzza.
Argerich gave her first concert in 1949 at the age of eight.
The phone has a 4-inch (diagonally measured) AMOLED screen.
The phone can connect to the internet using its built-in 3G, EDGE or WiFi radios.
It can connect to other devices, such as computers or other phones with its Bluetooth radio.
The phone has a non-autofocus camera that can take 8 megapixel photos or video in up to 720p at 25 fps.
The phone is pre-loaded with an email client, a calendar, an office suite with support for Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint, a PDF viewer and other common productivity applications.
Urdă (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈurdə]) is a Romanian fresh white cheese made from whey of sheep, goat or cow.
Story is about son of orc Warchief.
It started when he was a little baby.
One day he and his parents were attacked by human soldiers in forest.
Warchief and his wife were killed and one of humans took little orc baby with him to their base.
The human was Aedelas Blackmoore and he named the baby Thrall which means slave to humans.
Hurricane Chris was the third tropical system.
It formed on June 19.
It was also the first hurricane of the season, unexpectedly becoming one.
It was in an unfavorable environment, with cool sea waters and moderate vertical wind shear.
Chris, after weakening from a hurricane, became a non-tropical cyclone southeast of Newfoundland on June 22.
Set of people’s buildings is on right bank of Chrudimka river.
Before it was part of the city formed by timbered cottages, in which potters and tailors lived.
Building material was mainly wood, wall was only in part around heater.
In 1995, Betlém was declared as monumental reservation of people’s architecture.
For cultural self-realization is there cinema and theater.
For book lovers is there Hlinsko’s library, which has two sections: child’s and adult’s.
City’s cultural club Hlinečan offers a wide spectrum of theater shows, concerts, lectures and social actions for inhabitants of Hlinsko and its region.
They are organized in Chamber theatre or in local Sokol house.
Every year there are organized Adámek’s folklore celebrations.
There are concerned groups not only from Czech republic, but also from abroad.
Groups Vysočan and Vysočánek are representing Hlinsko.
Hlinsko produce Hlinsko’s news, which appears every month.
Children from Hlinsko can attend three nursery schools.
Next they can study at one of three primary schools (Ležáků, Smetanova, Resslova).
There is also a special school for children with defects in writing, reading or counting.
There is also one secondary grammar school, Karel Václav Rais’s in Hlinsko.
It offers four-year and eight-year study.
In city stadium with grassy playground there is possible to practice summer sports.
It is possible to use covered swimming pool with sauna.
In 1932, František Janeček sold a new motorbike--the Jawa 175 Villiers.
It was simple motorbike.
It was popular because it was light weight.
By 1935, 3000 of these motorbikes were produced.
The smallest Jawa motorbike before World War II was the Jawa 100 Robot.
It was a small moped.
About 12,000 were produced.
A computer network is a group of two or more computers that are linked together.
Networks are usually used to share resources, to exchange files, or to communicate with others.
The physical layer defines electrical and physical specifications for devices.
It also specifies modulated and baseband transmission.
Baseband is digital data in their raw form (in binary, the language understood by the computer in the form of 0s and 1s - 1001 1101 1010 0011).
This allows very fast and reliable transmission over short distances; however, the media tend to make the bits interfere with each other, the range of baseband transmission is very limited.
It becomes worse with increasing speed.
Baseband technology is frequently used on LAN.
The network layer provides the functional and procedural means of transferring variable length data sequences from a source host on one network to a destination host on a different network using the IP address.
Latency, incorrectly called ping, is a value that measures how much time packets need to travel to their destination.
It is measured in milliseconds (ms).
The tool that measures latency is called ping, commonly using special ICMP packets which are smaller than standard data packets so they do not weight the network by their presence.
I Have Nothing is a song by American singer Whitney Houston.
It was recorded for The Bodyguard soundtrack (1992).
In 2014 and 2015, he began to lose some support from the Alawite community.
This was because an unequal number of soldiers killed in the conflict were Alawites.
Australia at the Olympics is a history which includes 45 games in 22 countries and 3,000+ athletes.
Since 1895, Australia has contributed to the growth of the Olympic Movement.
The Ōnin War started in 1467.
This conflict is called Ōnin no ran because of the nengō in which it began.
The fighting began as a dispute over who should follow Ashikaga Yoshimasa as shogun after his retirement – whether it would be his brother (Yoshimi) or his son (Yoshihisa).
After an argument with Eazy-E over money, Dre left the group in 1991 under the advice of a friend, The D.O.C.
and his bodyguard at the time, Suge Knight.
Knight, a known strongman, was able to have Eazy-E release Dre from his contract and, start Death Row Records.
In 1992 Dre released his first single with Snoop Dogg; Deep Cover. Dr.
Dre's first album was The Chronic.
Dre brought a new style of rap, both in terms of style and words.
The Chronic became really popular and had lots of big singles.
Its sound was really popular with hip hop music for the early 1990s.
In 1993, Dr.
Dre also won a Grammy Award for Let Me Ride.
That year, Billboard magazine Dr.
Dre was the eighth best-selling musical artist, The Chronic was the sixth best-selling album, and Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang (the first single from the album) as the 11th best-selling single.
Besides working on his own music, Dr.
Dre produced Snoop Dogg's first album Doggystyle.
In 1994, Dr.
Dre produced some songs on the soundtracks for the films Above the Rim and Murder Was the Case.
He rapped with fellow ex-N.W.A member Ice Cube for the song Natural Born Killaz in 1995.
For the film Friday, Dre recorded Keep Their Heads Ringin', which reached No.10 in the charts.
Despite the mixed reception to his label's album, Dr.
Dre was on two No.1 singles in the charts in 1996, they were California Love by 2Pac and No Diggity by Blackstreet.
They were Dr.
Dre's first No.1 songs since being with N.W.A.
Chrudim has one of the biggest urban conservation areas, over 52 hectares.
It contains the historical center of the city.
Chrudim is known for its culture, with many famous actors, musicians and other people.
You can find several important museums there.
Museum of Puppets in the Mydlář House has one of the biggest collections of puppets in the world.
In Chrudim Regional Museum is Kabinet ex libris, where you can admire a huge collection of books.
The recently rebuilt museum of baroque statues has nearby gardens.
Point P is called the pole of the neusis, line l the directrix, or guiding line, and line m the catch line.
Length a is called the diastema (διάστημα; Greek for distance).
Sir Edward A.
Gait ( 1897) had made reference to the nine line inscription of Harjjar Varma in his ‘’A History of Assam.’’ The inscription is the first recorded history of Assam and dates back to 829 A.D.
The inscription was found engraved on a massive stone two kms away from Tezpur town near a temple called Rudrapad.
The Salastambha dynasty ruled Kamrupa from 7th century to 10th century.
The accurate boundary of their kingdom is debatable.
But Darrang was certainly a part of the kingdom.
They shifted their capital from Pragjyotishpur to Haruppeswara, or Hatappeswara- the present day Tezpur.
The famous King of the dynasty Harjjar Varma, besides other things had excavated a large pond in 70 acres of land, later came to be known as Hajara Pukhuri .
The Pal dynasty ruled Haruppeswara till the 12th century.
The most famous ruler of the Pal dynasty was Brahmapal.
The British annexed Assam into the Indian British Empire in 1826.
After 1826 the Lower Assam and the Central Assam (Darrang, Nagaon and Raha) were made one division which extended up to Biswanath.
The division was placed under one Administrative Officer designated as the Principal Assistant to the Commissioner.
The Upper Assam portion was left to the native rulers with supervisory control under a British political agent with political headquarters at Biswanath.
Captain Neufville was the political agent for Upper Assam.
Darrang Division was administered till 1833 from Guwahati.
Darrang was converted into a district and Mangaldai was made the district Headquarter in 1833.
But the British shifted the head quarter to Tezpur in 1835.
The district comprised of two sub-divisions, Tezpur sadar sub-division and Mangaldoi sub-division with head quarter at Mangaldoi.
The District of Darrang was divided in to six Revenue Circles under one Sub-Deputy Collector in each Circle.
There was one Transferred area in the district at Charduar.
An assistant political officer was posted at Charduar under the Deputy Commissioner who acted as Political Officer.
A few years before the birth of the Indian National Congress in Bombay in 1885, the Tezpur Ryot Sabha was formed by a group of enlightened people primarily to protest against the enhancement of land revenue and to ventilate other public grievances .
The Tezpur Ryot Sabha sent Kali Krishna Barkakoti as its delegate to the National Congress in 1885.
It had played an active role in early period of the freedom struggle.
The All Assam Student Association formed in 1916 worked in the district under the leadership of Chandra Nath Sarma.
In June, 1921, the Tezpur District Congress Committee was formed under the presidency of Chandra Nath Sarma.
In August 1921, Mahatma Gandhi visited Tezpur and recorded his impression of the visit in Young India in the article From the Bank of Brahmaputra.
In 1934 Mahatma Gandhi visited Tezpur again during the course of Civil Disobedience Movement.
On 10th September 1942, at Gohpur a young girl led a procession of unarmed villagers under Congress flag.
She was Kanaklata Barua – a girl from Barangabari village.
As soon as Kanaklata unfurled the flag she and her companion Mukunda Kakati were gunned down by the armed Police.
The saga of her heroic sacrifice is still remembered with pride.
On the same day at Dhekiajuli Police Station eleven unarmed villagers were gunned down by the armed Police while trying to hoist the tri-color at the Police Station - three of them were teen-aged girls- Tileswari, Numali and Khahuli .
Towards 1961, Tezpur started to become a center of trade and commerce.
A year later, in 1962, war broke out with China.
The Chinese Army advanced up to Sessa near Bhalukpung.
People started fleeing from their homes.
The war left a bitter experience in the minds of the people of the district.
In 1983, Darrang district was divided.
Tezpur sadar sub-division was named as Sonitpur district with an outlying Sub-Division at Biswanath Chariali.
Mangaldoi sub-division was named as Darrang district.
On 15th August, 2000, another Sub-Division, Gohpur Sub-Division was carved out from the Biswanath Sub-Division.
Most old ones are watermills.
In Egyptian mythology, Babi, also Baba, was god in the form of a baboon.
His name is translated as Bull of the baboons.
This basically means Alpha male of all baboons or the chief of the baboons.
Because Baboons have many human characteristics, it was believed that they were dead ancestors.
Kenneth Geddes Wilson (June 8, 1936 – June 15, 2013) was an American theoretical physicist and Nobel Prize winner.
Professor Leon Chua mathematically described this element in 1971.
The effects of recent volcanic eruptions on winters are modest in scale but historically their effects have been significant.
The stars that SWEEPS monitored were all in the Sagittarius-I Window.
This is a rare transparent look at the huge group of closely packed stars at the Milky Way's centre (central bulge), in the Sagittarius constellation.
Our view to most of the stars in the centre of the galaxy is blocked by lanes of dust.
These stars are about 27,000 light years from Earth.
During this time, researchers at agricultural experiment stations of the land-grant universities and USDA saw that adult farmers did not readily accept new agricultural discoveries, but educators found that youth would experiment with these new ideas and then share their experiences and successes with the adults.
So, rural youth programs became a way to introduce new agriculture technology to the adults.
Dalit (from Sanskrit ‘dal’ which means to split, to crack, to break) is the name given to a group of people who have been historically considered outcasts in Hindu societies from South Asia (India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh) and Eastern Africa (Somalia).
Today, the Dalits, formerly known as Chandala (Untouchables), have increasingly adopted the term “Dalit as their way out of the social segregation imposed by the caste system.
The rate of literacy among the Dalits, as per 1991 census, was 37.41% as compared to 57.69% for non-Dalits.
A volcanic belt is a large volcanically active place.Other terms are used for smaller areas of activity such as volcanic fields.
Volcanic belts are found above zones of very high temperature (700-1400°C) where magma is made by melting of rock in the Earth's crust and upper mantle.
These areas usually appear along tectonic plate boundaries at depths of 10-50 km.
In a cook book named 'Siuijeonseo' which was written in late 1800s, there is a record of tteokbokki.
However, tteokbokki might have existed before the late 1800s because the main ingredient is rice cake and there were rice cakes during the Three Kingdoms of Korea period.
Mourning refers to process of grieving.
This almost always happens at funerals whenever a loved one passes away.
The alphabet was adopted by the National Institute of Education in 1989.
This is the alphabet commonly used in schools in Sri Lanka.
* In 1968 and 1969 Tyrrell ran the works-supported Matra team, hence were not eligible for Constructors' Championship points themselves.
Totals in brackets are those scored by Tyrrell drivers that counted toward the Matra-Ford total.
** During 1970, in addition to their own 001 car, Tyrrell ran March-built cars for which Tyrrell were not eligible for Constructors' Championship points.
Points in brackets are those scored by Tyrrell drivers that counted toward March's total of 48.
Great Britain at the Olympics is a history which includes 50 games in 23 countries and 6,000+ athletes.
Since 1896, sportsmen of the United Kingdom have taken part the growth of the Olympic Movement.
Great Britain was the name given to the United Kingdom team for the 1908 Summer Olympics.
It was also given the IOC country code GBR.
The team is also called Team GB.
Representatives of the devolved Northern Ireland government, do not think this is a good name.
They think it suggests that Northern Ireland is not part of the British Olympic team, and they think the name should be changed to Team UK.
However, British is a correct term for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as, for instance, in the British Government.
London, the United Kingdom's capital, has hosted the Games on three occasions.
The following names will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2013.
The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2019 season.
This is the same list used in the 2007 season, except for Dorian, Fernand, and Nestor which replaced Dean, Felix, and Noel.
Wakulla County was created from Leon County in 1843.
It may be named for the Timucuan Indian word for spring of water or mysterious water.
This is because of Wakulla County's best natural attraction, Wakulla Springs.
Wakulla Springs is one of the world's largest freshwater springs.
In 1974, the water flow was measured at per day.
This is the greatest recorded flow ever for a single spring.
Hard Again peaked at #143 on the Billboard 200, which was his first appearance on the chart since Fathers and Sons in 1969.
Azerbaijani food is what people cook and eat in Azerbaijan.
Foods from different cultures have influenced Azerbaijani food.
However, it remained different from foods in other countries.
Many foods that started in Azerbaijan are now part of other cultures.
For the Azerbaijanis, food is an important part of the country's culture and is very connected with the history, traditions and values of the nation.
The maximum energy that a cyclic accelerator can impart is typically limited by the strength of the magnetic field(s) and the minimum radius (maximum curvature) of the particle path.
So, over time, physicist have built accelerators with bigger magnets and larger circles to reach higher particle energy levels.
Very often, all the coefficients are written in the form of a matrix A, which is called a coefficient matrix.
Czechoslovakia first took part in the Olympic Games in 1920.
Before this, it competed as Bohemia from 1900 to 1912.
The nation sent athletes to compete almost every Summer Olympic Games since then.
They did not take part in the 1984 Games as part of the Soviet boycott of those Games.
Rolla is a city in Phelps County, Missouri, United States, midway between the larger cities of St.
Louis and Springfield along Interstate 44.
Its population in the 2020 United States Census was 19,943.
The Herbert F.
Johnson Museum of Art (The Johnson Museum) is an art museum in Ithaca, New York.
It is in the Arts Quad on the main campus of Cornell University.
It is best known for its unusual concrete facade.
The museum has more than 32,000 pieces of art.
Each year, over 80,000 people go to the museum.
It shows over 20 special exhibitions each year.
Across the span of centuries, there have been problems with the list and the order of succession after St.
Peter.
For example: During the Western schism in the 14th century, there was more than one pope at the same time.
Each had notable international support.
Only some of then are included on the chronology of today's list.
As player he had 6 matches with the Hungarian national football team and scored one goal there.
People have used gold to trade since the Bronze Age.
However, gold coins have only existed since the 6th century BC, in Anatolia (Turkey) then in Roman Empire (aureus).
Gold coins were also used in China.
In 1893, George Cadbury bought 120 acres (0.5 km²) of land close to the works and planned, at his own expense, a model village which would 'alleviate the evils of modern more cramped living conditions'.
By 1900, the estate included 313 cottages and houses set on of land, and many more similar properties were built in the years leading up to the World War I, with smaller developments taking place later on in the 20th century.
These almost 'Arts and crafts' houses were traditional in design but with large gardens and modern interiors, and were designed by the resident architect William Alexander Harvey.
These designs became a blueprint for many other model village estates around Britain.
It is also noteworthy that, because George Cadbury was a temperance Quaker, no public houses have ever been built in Bournville although, since the late 1940s, there has been a licensed members' bar at Rowheath Pavilion.
Italy at the Olympics is a history which includes 50 games in 23 countries and 4,000+ athletes.
Since 1896, Italy (ITA) has contributed to the growth of the Olympic Movement.
Luxembourg has won four Olympic medals (one gold and three silver) in its 28 Olympic appearances.
The name of this dynasty is sometimes written as Jinn to differentiate it from an earlier Jin dynasty (265-420) of China whose name is spelt identically in the Roman alphabet.
Yōzei was succeeded by his father's uncle, who became known as Emperor Koko.
During the reign of Kōkō's son, Emperor Uda, the former emperor became dangerous again.
FC Liefering is a football club from Liefering, a quarter of the Austrian city Salzburg.
The club is playing in the Admiral Zweite Liga, the second level of Austrian football.
In the last decades of the twentieth century, the greater Ocala area experienced one of the highest growth rates in the country for a city its size.
The population of Marion County in 2000 was over 250,000, up from under 100,000 in 1975.
Much of the county's growth is attributable to the area's growing popularity as a retirement destination, primarily in two areas southwest and south of the city: the SR 200 corridor and The Villages, respectively.
Ocala has two main seasons: the dry season (October–May) and the wet season (June–September).
During the dry season, there is almost endless sunshine with very little rain.
In January, the morning low temperatures are often in the 30s and 40s, but the cloudless sunny weather typically warms the dry air up to near 70 by the afternoon.
During the wet season, afternoon thunderstorms are a daily thing.
These storms are often severe (unofficially, Ocala is known to have more cloud-to-ground lightning per square mile than any other city in the world).
The typical morning low temperatures during the wet season are in the 70's and typical daytime high temperatures are in the 90s.
Due to the city being relatively far away from the moderating influence of the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico, Ocala's summertime temperatures are often the highest in the state while winter temperatures are often the lowest compared to other cities on the peninsula.
Also, Ocala's distance from the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico means the city has more days of sunshine than Florida's coastal cities.
This is, in part, why the Ocala/Marion County area is called the kingdom of the sun.
The last snowfall of any significance fell on December 24, 1989, when the city was struck by an ice and snow storm.
However, the morning of January 9, 2010, there was a dusting of snow on the ground in city center.
A plume of record cold air mixed with moisture caused wintry precipitation to erupt across northern and central Florida.
Ocala is home to Trinity Catholic High School, which holds the record for the longest high school football championship game in Florida history, going into triple overtime.
If the electrons follow the Poisson distribution, a partial interference leads to a linear increase in intensity.
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was created in April 1992.
It included the Republic of Montenegro and the Republic of Serbia.
In May of 1992, the United Nations Security Council said that all nations should not let the FR of Yugoslavia take part in any international sports.
The International Olympic Committee said that athletes from Serbia and Montenegro (and also Macedonia) could still take part in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
The athletes had to be Independent Olympic Participants (IOP), wear plan white clothing and use the Olympic Anthem and Olympic flag during the events.
They could not be a part of the opening and closing ceremonies of the games.
In 2006, the state union ended.
Each nation became independent.
The NOC for Serbia and Montenegro became the Olympic Committee of Serbia in June 2006.
The Montenegrin Olympic Committee was accepted by the IOC in July 2007.
FC Pinzgau Saalfelden is an Austrian football club from Saalfelden in the federal state of Salzburg.
The club plays in the Regionalliga Salzburg which is the third level in Austrian football.
The second team is playing in the 2.
Landesliga Süd of the Salzburger Fußballverband.
Narrandera is well served for transport.
The Sturt Highway and the Newell Highways cross just south of Narrandera.
Interstate buses pass daily - note that the destination can be listed as Jillenbah.
The Narranderra-Leeton airport is 5 km west of town.
Regional Express (REX) operate several turboprop return services daily to Sydney, an hour and 10 minutes (approx) flying time away.
A large synchrotron laboratory will have many beamlines, each optimized for a particular field of research.
The differences will depend on the type of insertion device (which, in turn, determines the intensity and spectral distribution of the radiation); the beam conditioning equipment; and the experimental end station.
The bill was re-introduced in the 111th Congress (as and ) in January 2009.
It passed in the House of Representatives with 247 votes in support and 171 against.
The vote was nearly perfectly split along party lines, with only three Republicans voting in favor (Ed Whitfield of Kentucky, Don Young of Alaska and Chris Smith of New Jersey) and three Democrats voting nay (Travis Childers of Mississippi, Allen Boyd of Florida, and Parker Griffith of Alabama).
The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) is an international agricultural research center to improve the understanding of national agricultural and food policies to promote the adoption of innovations in agricultural technology.
Additionally, IFPRI researches the role of agricultural and rural development in the overall development of a country.
On June 10, 1968, James Earl Ray was arrested in London at Heathrow Airport.
Ray was extradited to the United States and charged with killing King.
On March 10, 1969, Ray told the court he was guilty, and was sentenced to 99 years in the Tennessee state penitentiary.
Ray later tried many times to take away his guilty plea and be tried by a jury, but he was unsuccessful.
The term was coined in May 1888 by Oliver Heaviside.
The notion of “magnetic resistance was first mentioned by James Joule and the term magnetomotive force (MMF) was first named by Bosanquet.
The idea for a magnetic flux law, similar to Ohm's law for closed electric circuits, is attributed to H.
Rowland.
The law relates magnetic fields to electric currents that produce them.
A scientist can use Ampere's law to determine the magnetic field associated with a given current or current associated with a given magnetic field, if there is no time changing electric field present.
where current density J is the displacement current, and J is the current density contribution actually due to movement of charges, both free and bound.
Because , the charge continuity issue with Ampère's original formulation is no longer a problem.
Because of the term in ε∂E / ∂t, wave propagation in free space now is possible.
The program at the Academy is based on the Air Force's core values.
These are Integrity First, Service Before Self, and Excellence in All We Do.
They are also based on four pillars of excellence: military training, academics, athletics and character development.
Cadets study military training and large curriculum in engineering, humanities, social sciences, basic sciences, military studies and physical education.
All cadets take part in athletics.
The academy has a character development and leadership curriculum.
A climbing route is a trail that a mountain climber uses to go up a mountain.
Terrazzo is a building material that has the cross-section of polished rock chips decorating its appearance.
Archaeologists use the word terrazzo to describe the floors of early neolithic buildings (PPN A and B, ca.
9,000–8,000 BC) in Western Asia, that are constructed of burnt lime and clay, colored red with ochre and polished.
The embedded crushed limestone gives it a slightly mottled appearance.
The use of fire to produce burnt lime, which was also used for the hafting of implements, predates the use of pottery by almost a thousand years.
Maccabi Tel Aviv Football Club (; Moadon Kaduregel Maccabi Tel Aviv) is an Israeli football club.
It is one of the oldest clubs in Israeli football.
The club is also the most successful.
They have won 18 championships, 22 national cups, 2 Asian Champions Cups and 3 Toto cups.
The homeground of the team is the Bloomfield Stadium in Tel Aviv, where also the city rival Hapoel Tel Aviv is playing.
The club was founded in 1906.
It was the first Jewish football club in Ottoman Palestine.
The name was then Rishon Lezion-Yafo.
The first match was a 3-0 win against a team of French sailors.
After the foundation of Tel Aviv in 1909 the clubs name was changed into Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Maccabi was founding member of the Palestine Football Association and the Palestine League.
The United States Backgammon Federation (USBGF) is an organisation who are in charge of backgammon in the United States.
They were founded in 1939.
Beitar Jerusalem Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל ביתר ירושלים, Moadon Kaduregel Beitar Yerushalayim) is an Israeli football club from Jerusalem.
The club has been controversial because of its links with the right wing politics and to the Likud party since it was created.
The fans chant racist things towards Arabs.
The race led to a bigger focus on safety in Formula One as well as the reforming of the Grand Prix Drivers' Association after 12 years of not running, and the changing of many track layouts and car designs.
Since the race, many regulation changes have been made to slow Formula One cars down, and newer tracks, such as Bahrain International Circuit, have large run-off areas to slow cars before they collide with a wall.
At the start of the race, J.J.
Lehto's Benetton did not move.
Pedro Lamy, starting from further back on the grid, had his view of the car blocked by other cars and hit the back of Lehto's car, causing bodywork and tyres to fly into the air.
Parts of the car went over the safety fencing designed to protect spectators at the start-line causing nine people to be hurt but not very much.
The incident caused the safety car to come out on track, with all the drivers still in the race staying in the same place behind it while going at a slower speed.
During this period, as a result of going at slower speeds, tyre temperatures dropped.
At the drivers' briefing before the race, Senna, along with Gerhard Berger, had expressed concern that the safety car (which only came into F1 in 1993) did not go fast enough to keep tyre temperatures high.
Once the track was reported clear of pieces of car, the safety car went back into the pit lane and the race started again, with a rolling start.
On the second lap after the restart, with Ayrton Senna leading Michael Schumacher, Senna's car left the road at the Tamburello corner, and after slowing from 190 miles an hour (306 kilometres an hour) to 131 miles an hour (211 kilometres an hour), hit the concrete wall.
Tamuramaro was only the second warrior to receive the title of shogun.
The first to receive this title was Ōtomo no Otomaro.
The Navy was fed up with the city of Long Beach.
It decided upon the purchase of some property owned by Susanna Bixby Bryant, a fact made known by the commander of the base, Commander Thomas A.
Gray, to the Chief of the Bureau of Aeronautics, Admiral John H.
Towers.
The circumstances behind the purchase were revealed to James V.
Forrestal, Under Secretary of the Navy, and by him to the House Naval Affairs committee who approved the purchase.
Although Comdr.
Gray had offered Mrs.
Bryant $350 an acre, in the best patriotic spirit she sold the property at $300 an acre.
The land is 4 miles east of the Long Beach Airport.
The Navy's fleet is grouped into four groups (also called forces).
Air support uses the SH-2G Seasprite helicopter.
They are operated by both the Navy and Air Force.
They are part of No.
6 Squadron RNZAF.
The helicopters mainly serve on HMNZS Canterbury, the frigates and the Offshore Patrol Vessels (OPVs).
A sundown town is a town that is or was purposely all-white.
The term is widely used in the United States in areas from Ohio to Oregon and well into the South.
The term came from signs that were allegedly posted stating that people of color had to leave the town by sundown.
The minority people could not visit after sunset or spend the night in the town (even as a paying hotel customer).
Such towns are also sometimes called “sunset towns or “gray towns.
In addition to the expulsion of African Americans from some small towns, Chinese Americans and other minorities were also driven out of some of the towns where they lived.
Loewen says one example is that in 1870, Chinese made up one-third of the population of Idaho.
Following a wave of violence and an 1886 anti-Chinese convention in Boise, almost none remained by 1910.
The town of Gardnerville, Nevada, is said to have blown a whistle at 6 p.m.
daily alerting Native Americans to leave by sundown.
The team at Revolution had very high ambitions for the game, but there was a lot of competition.
Revolution had a team which created some very successful adventures, but to move to the next level, they needed to bring the best from other creative industries.
Charles Cecil convinced a layout artist, Eoghan Cahill to join the project.
He and his friend Neil Breen, who had both worked at the Don Bluth studios in Dublin, drew all the backgrounds in pencil, and the team then digitally colored them in Photoshop.
The province had borders with Iyo and Awa Provinces.
C.
Objects denser than water still float when the object is nonwettable and its weight is small enough to be borne by the forces arising from surface tension.
For example, water striders use surface tension to walk on the surface of a pond.
The surface of the water behaves like an elastic film: the insect's feet cause indentations in the water's surface, increasing its surface area.
Buzen had borders with Bungo and Chikuzen Provinces.
It helped the career of many developers, including Westwood Studios (who developed Command & Conquer Series and the PC port of Resident Evil) and Synergistic.
Also, many workers for Shiny Entertainment, including David Perry, worked for Virgin before splitting off to create Earthworm Jim.
Linowitz helped negotiate the return of the Panama Canal to Panama under the direction of President Jimmy Carter.
Besides being a career diplomat, lawyer, and one time chairman of Xerox, he wrote two books, The Making of a Public Man: A Memoir, and The Betrayed Profession.
In the mid-1990s, the Gilman School started discussing the renovations of Carey Hall.
It was the school's main building and housed the Upper School students.
Carey Hall was named after Carey's grandmother.
It was built in 1910.
The building had remained the same until late 2006.
Carey gave $10million to the school's capital campaign fund.
This amount was twenty percent of the total amount of money raised for the renovation of Carey Hall.
On December 10, 2007, Carey Hall was re-opened.
École pour l'informatique et les techniques avancées, commonly named EPITA, is a French private, non-profit university.
It is in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre (close to Paris), Rennes, Lyon, Strasbourg, Toulouse and La Défense, France.
The school was created in 1984.
By convention, the direction of the vector area is given by the right hand grip rule (curling the fingers of one's right hand in the direction of the current around the loop, when the palm of the hand is touching the loop's outer edge, and the straight thumb indicates the direction of the vector area and thus of the magnetic moment).
Thomas Schaaf (born 30 April 1961 in Mannheim) is a former German football player.
Schaaf was a defender.
He is now coach of SV Werder Bremen in the German Bundesliga.
Wiener FC 1898 (Vienna Football Club 1898) was one of the first football clubs in Austrias capital Vienna.
The club existed from 1897 till 1903.
Richard W.
Lariviere was President of the University of Oregon (OU) from 2009 to 2011.
He is a Life Member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Lariviere has stated that he will remain at OU as a tenured faculty member.
His real name is Lelouch vi Britannia.
He is the eleventh prince of the empire of Britannia.
His mother, Marianne vi Britannia was murdered when he was child.
Then his younger sister Nunnally became blind and could not walk by herself.
She needed a wheelchair.
Therefore, he hated Britannia and decided to create the kind world where Nunnally can live safely.
He obtained Geass from C.C.
and leaded a group of terrorists he united as the Black Knights with his well-known identity as Zero towards his revenge against Britannia and to create a better world for Nunnally.
He latter wields the Knightmare Gawain with C.C.
and Shinkirō in R2.
She gives Lelouch the power of Geass.
She is immortal because she bears the code.
On January 3, 2006, Abramoff said he was guilty of three criminal felonies related to the defrauding of American Indian tribes and corruption of public officials in a Washington, D.C., federal court.
The four tribes Abramoff and his associates had been involved with included Michigan's Saginaw Chippewas, California's Agua Caliente, the Mississippi Choctaws, and the Louisiana Coushattas.
It was said that Abramoff defrauded the tribes of tens of millions of dollars.
The northern half is administratively part of Kagoshima Prefecture and Kyūshū.
Garroway's relaxed, informal style when on the air became part of his trademark.
In 1960, New York Times reviewer Richard F.
Shepard wrote, He does not crash into the home with the false jollity and thunderous witticisms of a backslapper.
He is pleasant, serious, scholarly looking and not obtrusively convivial.
On television, Garroway was known for his signoff, saying Peace with an upraised palm.
Gemma Christina Arterton (born 12 January 1986) is a British actress.
She was born and raised in Gravesend, Kent and lives in London.
The mechanical combination lock usually has three discs inside.
The last disc is connected directly to the dial, and a notch on this disc rotates the second disc.
A notch on the second disc in turn rotates the first disc.
The lock is usually opened by rotating the dial clockwise to the first number, counterclockwise past the first number and to the second number, and clockwise to the third number (some locks use the reverse directions, and most safe locks require a return to 0 after entering the combination).
This type of lock is popular on safes and padlocks.
It is available for entry doors, but is not popular due to the amount of time required to enter the combination.
The combination is usually set at the factory and can not be changed easily (if at all).
There are many forms of relativism.
While Saarinen was still working for his father, he took first prize in the 1948 competition for the design of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, St.
Louis.
His arch not completed until the 1960s.
The competition award was mistakenly sent to his father.
Saarinen's architectural firm was called Eero Saarinen and Associates.
He was the principal partner from 1950 until his death in 1961.
The firm was initially known as Saarinen, Swansen and Associates, headed by Eliel Saarinen and Robert Swansen from the late 1930s until Eliel's death in 1950.
The firm was located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan until 1961 when the practice was moved to Hamden, Connecticut.
Under Eero Saarinen, the firm carried out many of its most important works, including the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial (Gateway Arch) in St.
Louis, Missouri, the Miller House in Columbus, Indiana, the TWA Flight Center at John F.
Kennedy International Airport that he worked on with Charles J.
Parise, and the main terminal of Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C..
Many of these projects use catenary curves in their structural designs.
Saarinen designed one of the best-known thin-shell concrete structures in America, the Kresge Auditorium (MIT).
Another thin-shell structure that he created is the Ingalls Rink (Yale University), which has suspension cables connected to a single concrete backbone and is nicknamed the whale.
He is known for the TWA Flight Center, which represents the culmination of his previous designs and demonstrates his expressionism and the technical marvel in concrete shells.
A&E with Richard Guy Wilson, Ph.D.,(2000).
America's Castles: Newspaper Moguls, Pittock Mansion, Cranbrook House & Gardens, The American Swedish Institute.
A&E Television Network.
Snowstar is also building on their releases abroad, by working together with foreign labels.
Fallout: New Vegas is a role-playing video game.
It was made by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Bethesda Softworks.
It was made after Fallout 3 and is very similar to it, but it is a sequel to Fallout 2 (because Fallout 3 started a new story).
This is because some of the employees at Obsidian Entertainment used to work at Interplay Productions and Black Isle Studios, the companies that made Fallout 1 and Fallout 2.
It takes place in Nevada 204 years after nuclear bombs destroyed all the governments in the world.
The conjecture states that if n is positive, n will always reach one.
The most recent general election took place on 15 September 2011.
The Buddhist temple of Hisosan-ji was established in the province.
Inna was born as Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu on 16 October, 1986 in Neptun a town in Romania.
The town is next to the Black Sea and Inna knows to swim very well.
She was not the best student in highschool.
She loved music and Christina Aguilera or Rihanna.
In 2007/2008 she met Play & Win, three boys who write music.
They recorded some songs that are not successful.
She was in Eurovision Song Contest in 2008, but nobody knew her.
The name Inna comes from her grandfather.
He called her Inna but he died before she got famous.
She lives with her bichon Bobo.
She says she doesn't have a boyfriend.
It opened 4 September 1994, and the gross area is 1,068ha.
This airport has two runways.
One is 3500m×60m, and the other is 4000×60m.
Dulles has been used for many Washington based movies.
This started soon after it opened with the 1964 movie Seven Days in May.
The 1983 comedy D.C.
Cab, starring Mr.
T, Adam Baldwin and Gary Busey showed scenes outside of the main terminal at Dulles Airport.
The action movie takes place mainly at Dulles airport.
The plot of the movie deals with the takeover of the airport's tower and communication systems by terrorists.
The movie was not filmed at Dulles.
Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and the now-closed Stapleton International Airport in Denver were used.
Part of the thriller The Package (starring Gene Hackman and Tommy Lee Jones) took place at Dulles.
Again it was not filmed in Dulles.
Chicago's O'Hare International Airport was used in its place.
An airport terminal is a building at an airport.
It is where passengers are able to get on and off aircraft.
Inside the terminal, passengers can buy tickets, leave or pick up their luggage, and be checked by security staff.
The buildings that provide access to the airplanes through gates are usually called concourses.
However, the words terminal and concourse are sometimes used to mean the same thing.
Another unusual terminal design is the mobile lounge.
Passengers are taken from the gate to their aircraft in a large vehicle which docks directly to the terminal and the aircraft.
Washington Dulles International Airport, Mexico City International Airport, and Mirabel International Airport have used this design.
In 1956, Sendai Airport was returned to Japan.
The airport is marked by the design of its terminal.
The curving and waving roof imitates the mountainous landscape and undulating sea edge that surrounds it.
The building was finished in 1997.
It was designed by Gyo Obata of Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum (HOK).
According to HOK, the iconic form represents the aspirations of the region.
Sydney Airport's International terminal underwent a $500 million rebuild that was completed in mid 2010.
It included a new baggage system, an extra of space for shops and passenger waiting areas and other improvements.
The airport can be reached from the city by the Airport Link underground rail line.
The International railway station is under the International terminal, while the Domestic railway station is under the car park between the domestic terminals (Terminal 2 and Terminal 3).
While the stations are part of the Cityrail network, they are privately owned and operated by Airport Link.
Passengers have to pay a station fee or 'gate fee' of $11.80.
This fee is added to the price of the train ticket.
Yuvraj Raj Dhesi (born July 19, 1986 in Calgary, Alberta) is an Indian-Canadian professional wrestler.
He is currently working with the WWE for the Raw brand under the ring name Jinder Mahal.
He is a former WWE Champion, United States Champion and two-time 24/7 Champion.
He has also worked on the independent circuit under the ring name Tiger Raj Singh.
During his first WWE run from 2010 to 2014, Mahal was known for being part of the stable 3MB (three-man-band) along with Heath Slater and Drew McIntyre.
By the close of 1868, Mussorgsky had already started two operas, but never finished them These were Salammbô and Marriage, which was influenced by Alexander Dargomyzhsky's opera The Stone Guest.
Mussorgsky was breaking away from the Romantic style that many composers used at the time.
He had learned a lot by trying to write these operas and he used some of the musical ideas in Boris Godunov.
In the first scene of the prologue a large crowd has come to the courtyard of a monastery.
Chelkalov comes and talks to the crowd.
He tells them that Boris has not yet accepted the throne, but that they should pray that he will.
Because of Carroll's performances for Newcastle United, he was called up to the England squad for the friendly against France.
This was on 17 November 2010.
Carroll passed a late fitness test to start the match.
Guido Cavalcanti (1259 – August 1300) was an Italian poet from Florence.
He was the best friend of Dante Alighieri as well as an influence on his thinking.
Cavalcanti is one of the most important poets of Dolce stil novo, and he is widely regarded as the first major poet of Italian literature.
In the Edo period, the Tōkaidō road was the main route between the Imperial capital at Kyoto and the main city of the Tokugawa Shogunate.
The road passed through Suruga.
Whitman first tried writing in many different popular genres.
In 1850, he began writing Leaves of Grass, a collection of poetry which he would continue working on until his death.
Whitman wanted to write an epic that was clearly American, using free verse.
At the end of June 1855, Whitman surprised his brothers with the first copies of Leaves of Grass.
His brother George didn't think it worth reading.
The cultural influence of the Church has been vast.
Festivals like Easter and Christmas are marked globally as public holidays; Pope Gregory XIII's Gregorian Calendar has been adopted internationally.
Year numbering in the West is taken from the assumed date of the birth of the Church's founder, Jesus of Nazareth.
In the list of the 100 most influential people in human history there are 65 Christian figures from various fields.
The term fluffernutter has also been used to describe other foods that have peanut butter and marshmallow creme.
There are Fluffernutter cookies, Fluffernutter bars, and Fluffernutter cupcakes.
Durkee-Mower has a cookbook that has recipes for Fluffernutter bars, frostings, pies and a shakes.
In 2006, Brigham's Ice Cream and Durkee-Mower made a Fluffernutter ice cream flavor.
The flavor had peanut butter and Marshmallow Fluff in vanilla ice cream.
Fluffernutter was also the name of a candy made by the Boyer Brothers candy company starting in 1969.
The problem exists when stomach contents move backwards towards the mouth.
Food or liquid moves from the stomach into the tube between the mouth and the stomach.
That tube is called the oesophagus.
Ningbo is a city in Zhejiang Province.
It lies in east China, close to Shanghai.
Ningbo is known as an important port city in China.
International trade in Ningbo began in Tang dynasty.
Ricard Ricky Rubio i Vives (born October 21, 1990) is a Spanish basketball player.
Neuroethology is the study of animal behavior and its control by the nervous system.
Neuroethology explores how the brain links stimuli (e.g.
sights, sounds, or smells) to behavior.
For example, many bats and Odontoceti have a special ability called echolocation.
They use echolocation to find prey and to navigate.
Researchers study their auditory system to show how sounds can be changed into a neural representation of sound.
Neuroethologists are scientists who study neuroethology.
They try to discover how the nervous system works.
They often use animals with special behaviors in their research.
Maneki neko was a mascot of the silk industry, but now it is considered to be a mascot of business prosperity.
Scotland was the first country to consider hosting the 2014 Commonwealth Games in 2004, with Scottish cities being invited by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland to consider making a bid.
In September 2004, Glasgow was announced as the Scottish candidate city over Edinburgh (which hosted the Games in 1970 and 1986, and the inaugural Commonwealth Youth Games in 2000) following a cost-benefit analysis by the Commonwealth Games Council for Scotland.
The Scottish Executive under then First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell, with the support of the United Kingdom government and all main parties in the Scottish Parliament, formally announced Glasgow's intention to host the games on 16 August 2005.
Electrons are negatively charged.
If the two atoms share the electrons equally, then the negative charge is evenly spread out over the entire molecule, balanced out by the positive charges of the protons in the atoms' nuclei.
This makes the entire molecule neutral - a non-polar bond, making a non-polar molecule.
However, if one of the atoms is particularly greedy for electrons (called electronegativity), then its side of the bond will have more electrons.
Therefore, that side of the bond will have a slightly negative charge, and the other side will have a slightly positive charge.
Fromage frais is a creamy soft cheese.
It is made with whole or skimmed milk and cream.
It is like cream cheese, but with less fat (fewer calories and less cholesterol).
When people need fromage frais but cannot get it, they can use low fat cream cheese.
This sign for Gemini was made from two lines, representing the twins.
Estelle Fanta Swaray, known by her mononym Estelle (born 18 January 1980) is an British singer-songwriter, rapper and actress.
She was born in Hammersmith, London, England.
Hayley Nichole Williams (born December 27, 1988) is an American singer and songwriter.
She is the lead singer of the American rock band Paramore.
She has also been on the songs of R&B musicians and rappers.
In 2002, at the age of 13, Hayley moved from her hometown in Mississippi, to Tennessee, where she met two of her future band members Josh and Zac Farro at her new school.
The mission of the museum is to help increase visitors’ understanding of the history of Japanese money.
Pure gold oban are on display.
Pre-yen sen coins are also exhibited.
However, Harbaugh has sometimes been criticized for keeping unpopular offensive coordinator Cam Cameron, among some other things.
Shad was born in Kenya to Rwandan parents and was raised in London, Ontario.
He self-made his debut album, When This Is Over with a $17,500 cash prise that he won from 91.5 The Beat's Rhythm of the Future talent competition.
His album The Old Prince was nominated for a Juno Award for Rap Recording of the Year, and was also nominated for the 2008 Polaris Music Prize.
His third album, TSOL was nominated for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize, a 2011 MuchMusic Video Award, and won the Juno Award for Rap Recording of the Year at the 2011 Juno Awards.
It was originally called Enron Field.
After Enron dropped its naming rights, the ballpark was temporarily renamed Astros Field.
The park was renamed again when Minute Maid bought the naming rights.
Because the ballpark is small and cozy, it is sometimes called The Juice Box.
Tobunken is an Independent Administrative Institution (IAI).
Jose Carlos Araujo Nunes (born 1977 in Castelo de Paiva) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca.
Before he played in very important teams like: Maia (1997-2001), Salgueiros (2001-2002), Gil Vicente (2002-2004), Sporting de Braga (2004-2006).
In his history he won a lot of awards the best award is the Champions League in his career.
Nunes made his debut for the new club on the 29th septiembre, starting in a 0–3 home loss to FC Barcelona.
In mid-August 2011, Nunes suffered a serious knee injury during a friendly with S.S.C.
Napoli.
He palays with the best players in the world.
When he was nine years Portuguese call it a team to play tournament after tournament and call him a German team.
Maxi became famous in 2008 with the series Física o química.
Iglesias has appeared in the following series: Física o química, Hospital central, Amar en tiempos revueltos, Cuentame como paso, Los protegidos and Toledo.
Iglesias appeared in the following movies: La pistola de mi hermano (1997), 8 citas (2008), Mentiras y gordas (2009), After (2009), El diario de Carlota (2010), XP3D (2011) and El secreto de los 24 escalones (2012).
He is appearing in the new TV series Toledo, in the series he plays Martín.
The Murrinh-patha have a oneness of thought, belief, and expression without equal in Christianity.
They see all parts of their lives, thoughts and culture as being influenced by their Dreaming.
They do not see a difference between spiritual or material things.
There is no difference between things that are sacred and things that are not.
All life is 'sacred', all conduct has 'moral' results.
All life's meaning comes out of this eternal, everpresent Dreaming.
The meeting took place in Japan at on the northern island of Hokkaidō.
The international group of leaders met from July 7–9, 2008.
Only 18 commandos got near the German artillery battery.
They fired guns at the Germans.
Although unable to destroy the artillery, it caused problems for the German artillery troops.
RAF Flight Sergeant Jack Nissenthall, a radar specialist, was to attempt to enter the radar station and learn its secrets.
If he were about to be captured, the soldiers with him had to kill him.
He knew a lot of secrets about Allied radar.
He also carried a cyanide pill to take if he was captured.
was in the area of the islands of Kunashiri and Etorofu and the Kuril Islands.
Vertigo is a 1958 American psychological thriller mystery movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
It stars James Stewart and Kim Novak.
This movie is considered the best Alfred Hitchcock movie.
It is a classic example of Hitchcock as the master of suspense.
It has made several of the American Film Institute lists.
Some even say that it is the greatest film of all time.
Vertigo is part of the National Film Registry, because it is culturally significant.
The species was first described in 1790 by John Latham.
A previous description as Dendrocitta rufa is not valid.
It belongs to the Treepie genus Dendrocitta which is Southeast Asian in distribution.
According to ornithologist Derek Goodwin, the rufous treepie may be closely allied to the hooded treepie (D.
frontalis).
There are eight recognized subspecies.
The region includes the Greater Tokyo Area.
The Kantō covers seven prefectures: Gunma, Tochigi, Ibaraki, Saitama, Tokyo, Chiba, and Kanagawa.
The cavatina Se vuol ballare is an aria from The Marriage of Figaro by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
The lyrics are by Lorenzo Da Ponte.
It portrays Figaro's intent to foil Count Almaviva's womanizing, but can also be read as a political attack on the power-wielding nobility of the time.
The abbreviation BFG stands for Big Fucking Gun.
This is the name is was given in Tom Hall's first Doom design document.
In the Doom II user manual, BFG is said to stand for Big Fuckin Gun.
In the Doom movie, it is named the Bio Force Gun but Big Fucking Gun is said when the gun is first seen).
Artillery in Japan is recorded in the 13th century.
It was not used widely before the Sengoku period in the 16th century.
In the 1840s, the Tokugawa Shogunate began to anticipate that either British or French military might attack Japan.
Takashima Shuhan (1798-1866) submitted a petition to the shogun calling for the purchase of Western firearms.
In 1841, a demonstration of Western gunnery made a strong impression.
Powerful factions in the shogunate resisted change.
Before each race, each driver is allowed to perform a burnout by spinning the driving tires.
Burnouts heat the driving tires and lay rubber down at the beginning of the track to improve traction.
The drivers then line up at the starting line.
In the standard racing format, the losing car and driver are removed from the contest and the winner goes on to race other winners.
This continues until only one is left.
A common year is a year with 365 days, i.e.
not a leap year.
A common year is a year with 365 days, in other words, not a leap year.
At the age of 10, $kip performed for live audiences and clubs where people gave him credits for his act.
People also rated him performances.
One comment lead him to join a local competition and sang Benny And The Jets, but didn't he win.
Two days after the competition, a call from his old record label offered him to get signed.
In 2011, he rejected his label and was forced to move to another one.
Blackout is pop music singer Britney Spears' fifth studio album.
It was released in late 2007 by Jive Records.
From the 18th to the early 20th century, very heavy siege mortars were used.
These were very difficult to move around.
These had up to one metre calibre.
They were often made of cast iron.
Smaller designs that were easier to move around were brought in during the First World War.
Mortars are still used today.
Phobias are irrational fears of things and situations which can be a danger but most are not harmful.
There are many kinds of phobias.
Here are listed more than 200 of them.
The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval (Gribeauval 12-inch mortar) was a French mortar.
It was made using the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval.
It was part of the siege artillery.
The measurement of the mortar is given by the diameter of the ball.
It is measured using the French ancient system of measurement, in which 1 pouce (1 inch) is equal to 2.707 cm.
The Gribeauval system was a new way of making artillery as a single piece of metal and then drilling a bore hole.
This meant they could be made much lighter and more accurate.
The Mortier de 12 pouces Gribeauval was first used during the American Revolutionary War from 1780-82.
It was used during the Siege of Yorktown in 1781.
It was later used in by the French army during the wars that followed the French Revolution and during the Napoleonic Wars.
The engineering schools École spéciale de mécanique et électricité, École supérieure d'informatique, électronique, automatique and Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées are located at Ivry-sur-Seine.
The commune of Muret has a population, in 2014, of 24,975; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
The Danish People's Party is a Danish national conservative political party placed on the right wing.
The aim of the Danish People's Party is to assert Denmark's independence, to guarantee the freedom of the Danish people in their own country, and to preserve and promote representative government and the monarchy.
And later was selected to play the all-star at European level.
Jorje Lorenzo Guerrrero (born 4 May 1987) is a Spanish motorcyclist.
He was the world champion in MotoGP in 2010.
In 2008, Lorenzo signed a contract with the official Yamaha team.
He was the partner of seven-time world champion, Valentino Rossi.
In the Portugal championship, Lorenzo got his first victory in MotoGP.
Bellver Castle (bellver in Castilian means good view) is a castle that was built by order of King Jaime II for use as a residence of the kings of Mallorca.
The castle is built at above sea level.
Today it belongs to the City Council of Palma de Mallorca and it is the Museum of the History of the city of Palma.
It is open to the public.
Vilmantas Dilys (born October 6, 1987, Utena, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for Lietuvos Rytas.
The following ten songs were rated by Billboard as the best-selling and most-played songs in the US during the 1990s.
Giselle was revived in 1863 with new costumes by Lormier's assistant, Alfred Albert.
Albert's costumes are closer to those of modern productions than those of Lormier, and were in use at the opera until 1868.
The ballet was revived again in 1924 with scenery and costumes by Alexandre Benois.
He wanted to revive the costumes of the original production but dropped the idea, believing the critics would charge him with a lack of imaginative creativity.
Hopes that the ballet would be ready in May were dashed.
Opening night was postponed several times.
Grisi was absent for a few days and her return was delayed to protect her health.
Lighting, trapdoors, and scene changes needed further rehearsals.
Cuts were made in Grisi's role to spare the dancer's health.
Instead of returning to her tomb at the end of the ballet, it was decided Giselle would be placed on a bed of flowers and sink slowly into the earth.
This touch preserved the romantic mood of the Act 2 finale.
The ballet was staged by Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in 1911 at the Royal Opera, Covent Garden with Tamara Karsavina and Nijinsky as Giselle and Albrecht.
Anna Pavlova danced Giselle with her own company in 1913.
Alicia Markova danced the role with the Vic-Wells Ballet in 1934, and Margot Fonteyn took the role in 1937 when Markova left the company.
The English loved Giselle.
In 1942, for example, three different companies were dancing the ballet in London.
Nijinsky was going to dance Albrecht for the first time in St.
Petersburg in January 1911.
The Czar and his family would be present.
Diaghilev wanted Nijinsky to wear the Renaissance-style costume he had worn in Paris the same month.
It was easier to dance in than the thick pants of traditional Russian Albrechts, but his genitals (though covered) could be detected.
He was ordered not to wear it.
Nijinsky said that he only wanted to dance well.
According to Stravinsky, Nijinsky wore not much more than the tightest tights and a padded athletic supporter (jockstrap).
The next day, the angry director of the Imperial Theatres ordered Nijinsky to apologize.
Complaints about the dancer were collected here and there.
Nijinsky knew Diaghilev would give him work, so he resigned.
On 24 January 1911 he was officially dismissed from the Imperial Theatres.
IONIS School of Technology and Management (IONIS STM) is a French private graduate school in information technology, computer science, energy, biotechnology and management.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Turkey may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents.
Homosexuality is legal in the Republic of Turkey, but the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples.
But sexual reassignment surgery is allowed and legal sex change has been possible since 1988.
On the 9th of August in 1858, the Ottoman Caliph decriminalised homosexuality.
This affected many countries in the three continents of the Old World, respectively.
When Turkey became a solo nation in 1920, it didn’t see a need to change this law.
Omer Akpinar, who is with KAOS LG, which is one of the largest LGBT organizations in Turkish Republic, told Mashable that their organization was never censored.
Jack Scott, a British writer who moved to Turkey with his partner and who is the author of Perking the Pansies: Jack and Liam Move to Turkey, said his talking to the real estate company Quest Turkey.
Nabunken is an Independent Administrative Institution (IAI).
Sonny Bono (February 16, 1935 – January 5, 1998) was a recording artist, a producer, singer-songwriter, actor and politician.
He was married to Cher between 1964 and 1975, during which time they formed the duo Sonny & Cher.
Together, they had numerous hit records and singles.
They had several children, including Chastity Bono (who would later be renamed Chaz Bono).
Sonny was killed in a skiing accident.
There are four postal codes connected to Ghatkopar.
Since 1947, there have been 14 different prime ministers.
The first few decades after 1947 saw the Indian National Congress' (INC) almost complete domination over the political map of India.
India's first prime minister—Jawaharlal Nehru—took oath on 15 August 1947.
Nehru went on to serve as prime minister for 17 consecutive years, winning four general elections in the process.
His tenure ended in May 1964, on his death.
After the death of Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri—a former home minister and a leader of the Congress party—ascended to the position of prime minister.
Shastri's tenure saw the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.
Shashtri subsequently died of a reported heart attack in Tashkent, after signing the Tashkent Declaration.
After Shastri, Indira Gandhi—Nehru's daughter—was elected as the country's first woman prime minister.
Indira's first term in office lasted 11 years, in which she took steps such as nationalisation of banks; end of allowances and political posts, which were received by members of the royal families of the erstwhile princely states of British India.
In addition, events such as the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971; the establishment of a sovereign Bangladesh; accession of Sikkim to India, through a referendum in 1975; and India's first nuclear test in Pokhran occurred during Indira's first term.
In 1975, President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed—on Indira's advice—imposed a state of emergency, therefore, bestowing the government with the power to rule by decree, the period is known for human right violations.
After Indira, Rajiv—her eldest son and 40 years old at the time—was sworn in on the evening of 31 October 1984, becoming the youngest person ever to hold the office of prime minister.
Rajiv immediately called for a general election.
In the subsequent general election, the Congress secured an absolute majority, winning 401 of 552 seats in the Lok Sabha, the maximum number received by any party in the history of India.
Vishwanath Pratap Singh—first finance minister and then later defence minister in Gandhi's cabinet—uncovered irregularities, in what became known as the Bofors scandal, during his stint at the Ministry of Defence; Singh was subsequently expelled from Congress and formed the Janata Dal and—with the help of several anti-Congress parties—also formed the National Front, a coalition of many political parties.
In the general election of 1989, the National Front—with outside support from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Left Front—came to power.
V.
P.
Singh was elected prime minister.
During a tenure of less than a year, Singh and his government accepted the Mandal Commission's recommendations.
Singh's tenure came to an end after he ordered the arrest of BJP member Lal Krishna Advani, as a result, BJP withdrew its outside support to the government, V.
P.
Singh lost the subsequent vote-of-no-confidence 146–320 and had to resign.
After V.
P.
Singh's resignation, Chandra Shekhar along with 64 members of parliament (MPs) floated the Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya), and proved a majority in the Lok Sabha with support from Congress.
But Shekhar's premiership did not last long, Congress proceeded to withdraw its support; Shekhar's government fell as a result, and new elections were announced.
It was a monastery created by Saint Laurent in the sixth century.
There is a Château de Guilbault built at the time of the Directoire.
There is a park with an old bridge also.
Jonathan Soriano Casas (born 24 September 1985 in El Pont de Vilomara i Rocafort, Barcelona, Catalonia) is a former Spanish footballer.
He played as forward.
On 27 February 2017 he went to Beijing Guoan in China.
In two years in China, he made 31 appearances in the Chinese Super League, scoring 25 goals.
After the end of his contract he moved to al-Hilal in Saudi Arabia in January 2019.
In August 2019 he returned to Spain and joined second division club FC Girona.
On 24 September 2021 he ended his active career.
The Waltz of the Flowers (1892) is a piece of orchestral music from the second act of The Nutcracker, a ballet composed by Tchaikovsky.
Tchaikovsky told his fellow musicians he was working on a fantastic ballet called The Nutcracker: It's awfully fun to write a march for tin soldiers, a waltz of the flowers, etc.
The waltz is also the last number in his Nutcracker Suite.
The Waltz of the Flowers is very popular.
It has been arranged for various instruments and for various combinations of instruments.
Percy Grainger arranged the waltz for piano solo as Paraphrase on Tchaikovsky’s Flower Waltz.
Walt Disney Studios animated the waltz for the movie Fantasia.
British codebreakers called the teleprinter messages Fish.
The messages had been coded by an unknown German machine.
They called the machine and its coded messages Tunny.
Colossus imitated the machine and read the coded message from a punched tape.
It tried various possibilities of how two of the wheels had been set up.
When Colossus found likely settings for two wheels, the codebreaker designed further programs for Colossus until likely settings of other wheels were found.
Colossus did not perform all of the decoding process.
It just found likely settings of the machine.
The output from Colossus was then worked on by people who had a very good knowledge of the German language.
If the German operators always worked correctly, no two messages would have the same start position of the wheels.
However, mistakes were made.
They helped the British codebreakers.
On 30 August 1941 two versions of the same message, which was nearly 4,000 characters long, were sent with the same wheel start positions.
This mistake was very useful to the research codebreakers.
A codebreaker called John Tiltman was able to get the keystream from these messages.
Some mammals do seem to inherit emotional reactions.
Monkeys fearing snakes is an example.
Most of the behaviour of insects, reptiles and birds is inherited in some detail.
Mammals, however, show a greater ability for learning than other kinds of animals.
The syphon must touch the liquid in the (upper) reservoir (the source, where the liquid comes from) in order for it to work.
This allows atmospheric pressure to push the liquid up the tube.
The top of the tube is where the lowest pressure is, so the liquid will move towards that area in the same way as a barometer.
The top of a syphon is the same as the height of a barometer, because they work in the same way.
The lower pressure is caused by the liquid falling on the downhill side.
A syphon can raise water to a height of 25 feet above the source elevation.
New discoveries in Syphon Pump Metering allows for dispensing liquid above the source.
United States Patent #5,358,000 was the first to teach this method.
The first meeting of the new Constituent Assembly was conducted on 9th of December, 1946.
The next meeting conducted in 11th of December, 1946 under the chairmanship of Dr.
Rajendra Prasad.
Participants included Jawaharlal Nehru, Sardar Vallabhai Patel, Dr.
B.
R.
Ambedkar and Sarojini Naidu. Dr.
Ambedkar, chairman of the Drafting Committee, is often called the father of the Indian Constitution.
After the American Civil War, Alcott wrote fun and smart books under the name A.
M.
Barnard.
One of her books was A Long Fatal Love Chase.
Her protagonists for these books were strong and smart.
She also wrote books for children, and when they became popular, she did not go back to writing for adults.
Other books she wrote are the novelette A Modern Mephistopheles (1875), which people thought someone else wrote; and the Work (1873).
Gawain is also called Gauvain,Gualguanus, Gwalchmei, Walwein, etc.
is King Arthur's nephew and a Knight of the Round Table in the Arthurian legend.
Under the name Gwalchmei, he appears very early in the legend's development: he is mentioned in some of the earliest Welsh Arthurian sources.
In December 1997, Aardman and DreamWorks (later DreamWorks Animation) announced that their companies were teaming up to co-finance and distribute Chicken Run, Aardman's first feature film, which had already been in pre-production for a year.
On 27 October 1999, Aardman and DreamWorks signed a $250 million deal to make an additional four films that were estimated to be completed during the next 12 years.
Along with the deal their first project was announced, titled The Tortoise and the Hare.
Intended to be based on Aesop's fable and directed by Richard Goleszowski, it was paused two years later because of the script problems.
On 23 June 2000, Chicken Run was released to a great critical and financial success.
In 2005, after ten years of absence, Wallace and Gromit returned in Academy Award-winning The Curse of the Were-Rabbit.
The following year Flushed Away, Aardman's first computer-animated feature, was released.
The park is managed jointly (together) by the Aṉangu and Parks Australia.
Parks Australia is the government body that looks after national parks in Australia.
It is a part of the Department of the Environment.
The Aṉangu own the land, and lease it to the government.
The lease began in 1985 and lasts for 99 years.
Decisions are made by the Board of Management, a group of people.
Under the lease terms, the Aṉangu always hold a majority on the management board.
There are 12 people on the board.
Preservation Virginia took control of the older lighthouse in 1930.
Preservation Virginia was known as the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities at the time.
A brick lining and an iron stairway have been added to the lighthouse.
The lighthouse is open to the public.
It was made a National Historic Landmark on January 29, 1964.
In 2002 the American Society of Civil Engineers listed the lighthouse a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
This definition and understanding of cultivar has changed over time.
The show was originally aired on Fox, and has been released in many other countries.
Anatomical study led him to the conclusion that 'individual Africans differ as much, or even more, from other individual Africans as Europeans differ from Europeans'.
Furthermore he thought that Africans were not inferior to the rest of mankind 'concerning healthy faculties of understanding, excellent natural talents and mental capacities'.
Iwata is made of 5 communities merged together: kyu-Iwata (former Iwata), Toyoda-cho, Fukude-cho, Ryuyo-cho, Toyoka-mura.
There has been a settlement in the area of Iwata since ancient times.
The Kajima seaside industrial zone centering on the Kashima harbor is formed.
Linebackers are often called the original name.
Over the years, the French civil aviation administration gradually withdraw from its activities in the field of gliding and skydiving.
In 1959, the center of Saint-Yan welcomes the first course of airline pilot students (EPL, Elève Pilote de ligne, in English airline pilot student), ushering in a new mission of the SEFA : the training of airline pilots.
The national centers were attached to the service of the civil aviation administration in charge of training.
The creation of a single management structure was needed.
Like live action, machinima is recorded in real-time, and real people can act and control the camera.
Filmmakers are often encouraged to follow traditional cinematic conventions, such as avoiding wide fields of view, the overuse of slow motion, and errors in visual continuity.
Unlike live action, machinima involves less expensive, digital special effects and sets, possibly with a science-fiction or historical theme.
Explosions and stunts can be tried and repeated without monetary cost and risk of injury, and the host environment may allow unrealistic physical constraints.
University of Cambridge experiments in 2002 and 2003 attempted to use machinima to re-create a scene from the 1942 live-action film Casablanca.
Machinima filming differed from traditional cinematography in that character expression was limited, but camera movements were more flexible and improvised.
Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production.
The Man and the Biosphere Programme (MAB) is a division of UNESCO that tries to improve and encourage conservation and sustainability around the world.
It was created in 1971.
Its main focus is a network of biosphere reserves.
The programme acts as a kind of forum for exchanging ideas and experiences on sustainable development and management of these reserves.
Biosphere reserves are areas that are supposed to develop creative ideas, test them and share the results.
To date, there are 621 biosphere reserves in 117 countries.
Hard Candy was number one in several countries.
Madonna did The Sticky and Sweet Tour to promote the album.
Hard Candy has sold over four million copies around the world.
A second movie of Monsters, Inc.
had been planned since 2005.
Following disagreements between then-Disney CEO Michael Eisner and then-Pixar owner Steve Jobs, Disney (who at the time owned the rights to make sequels to all of Pixar's films until the movie Cars was released) announced that a sequel to Monsters, Inc.
would be made by Circle 7 Animation.
Circle 7 were also working on an early draft of Toy Story 3 at the time.
Screenwriters Rob Muir and Bob Hilgenberg were hired to write the script.
They storyboarded an early draft of the script.
Jason Witten was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the 3rd round (69 overall) by the Dallas Cowboys in the 2003 NFL Draft.
Witten has a successful career in Dallas.
He has been voted to seven Pro Bowls.
On November 28, 2008, Witten made his 400th catch in a Thanksgiving day game against the Seattle Seahawks.
Witten became the 3rd all-time catch leader for a tight end over Ozzie Newsome with his 663rd career catch.
Miles Jonathon Austin III (born June 30, 1984) is an American football player.
He plays as a wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys.
He was signed by the Cowboys in 2006.
Austin played college football for the Monmouth Hawks.
Austin's professional career was quiet at first, but Austin had a breakout year in 2009.
He also had a great season in 2010, but missed much of 2011 with an injury.
In his NFL career from 2006 to the present, Austin has 211 catches, 3,294 total receiving yards, and 28 total touchdowns.
He also has 11 attempts, 94 yards, and a touchdown rushing.
Aunou-le-Faucon is a Commune of the Orne department in north-western France.
There are 273 people living there.
There is a church called Eglise St-Cyr-et-Ste-Julitte.
The steeple dates from the 17th century.
There is a fortified house dated from the 15th century, this is the Tour aux Anglais.
On March 10, 2012, the Impact played their first MLS game, which ended in a 2-0 loss against Vancouver Whitecaps.
The Impact won the Canadian Championship in both 2013 and 2014.
Ward won the Super Bowl twice in Pittsburgh.
He was even the MVP of Super Bowl XL, in which Ward caught a touchdown from fellow wideout Antwaan Randle El.
Ward is known for, not only his great receiving skills, but his hard blocks (some call them illegal, Ward was even voted the NFL's Dirtiest Player) and signature toothy smile.
In fourteen seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Ward also became their all-time leading receiver.
Ward also served as a mentor to several younger Steelers wideouts, including Mike Wallace, Antonio Brown, and Santonio Holmes.
Toby Bourke (7 February 1965) is an Irish singer and songwriter.
He was brought up in London where he was a key figure in London’s Irish rock scene for twenty years.
Arizona's United States postal abbreviations is AZ and its FIPS code is 04.
Shue grew up in Bergen and Essex counties in New Jersey.
Her parents divorced when she was young.
Shue graduated from Columbia High School, in Maplewood, New Jersey.
She later studied at Wellesley College and Harvard University.
Shue left Harvard early because of her acting career.
She returned to Harvard to finish her degree in Government in 2000.
The line opened in 1849.
The construction of the line was delayed and could not be included in the original Parliamentary Act because of objections from the Provost of Eton College.
David, one of Marat's friends painted Marat's body.
The painting became famous.
The bridge is made of about 650 tonnes of stainless steel and 1000 tonnes of carbon steel.
The construction of the bridge was done by two local engineering and construction companies.
The Iowa Constitution of 1857, which is still in effect today, states that counties must have an area of at least .
No county can be reduced below that size by boundary changes.
Exceptions to this rule were granted, as ten counties have areas below this size.
The smallest county (Dickinson) has a land area of , while the largest (Kossuth) has an area 973sq mi (2,520 km²).
Polk County is the most densely populated county at 860 persons/sq mi, and contains the state's capital and largest city, Des Moines.
Computers greatly helped this task.
Before there were computers, numerical methods often depended on hand interpolation in large printed tables.
Since the mid 20th century, computers calculate the required functions instead.
These same interpolation formulas nevertheless continue to be used as part of the software algorithms for solving differential equations.
In Missouri, the county level of government level comes between those of the city and the state.
Its main responsibilities include maintaining roads, providing security, prosecuting criminals, and collecting taxes.
Elected officials at this level include a sheriff, prosecuting attorney, and assessor.
The bridge was officially opened by Professor George Darwin, son of Charles Darwin, and President of the British Association (now the Royal Society) on 12 September 1905.
The American Society of Civil Engineers lists the bridge as a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
Today one of the Victoria Falls Bridge's main attraction are historical guided tours about the construction of the bridge and which include a walking tour under the main deck.
On the Zambian side there is a small museum about the bridge which is free to enter and contains cafe selling refreshments.
Adachi is in northern Tokyo.
It borders Arakawa on the south.
Kita is on the ward's western border.
Saitama Prefecture is on the norther border.
Gérard Mestrallet (born 1 April 1949 in Paris) is the current CEO of GDF Suez.
Jichkar was born into a Marathi-Kunbi family of rich farmers in Aajangaon near Katol in Nagpur district, Maharashtra, India.
He died after a car accident at Dhamana Shivar, about 40 km from Nagpur.
T helpers are a kind of lymphocyte blood cell, produced in the thymus.
They do not kill or eat bacteria.
What they do is to help other immune cells target onto infecting bacteria.
They activate T-killer cells (cytotoxic T cells) and B cells to kill infecting bacteria or cells that are infected by viruses.
John Thaw CBE (3 January 1942 - 21 February 2002) was a British actor.
Arakawa is in east-central Tokyo.
It borders Taitō on the south.
Kita is on the ward's western border.
Adachi is on the norther border.
Nightmare disorder, also known as dream anxiety disorder, is a sleep disorder characterized by frequent nightmares.
The nightmares, which often portray the individual in a situation that jeopardizes their life or personal safety, usually occur during the second half of the sleeping process, called the REM stage.
Though such nightmares occur within many people, those with nightmare disorder experience them with a greater frequency.
The disorder's DSM-IV number is 307.47.
Cherokee County was formed by European Americans on January 9, 1836.
The county was created on territory of the Cherokee Nation.
She married musician Ben Gibbard on September 19, 2009.
The couple are separated; she filed for divorce on December 27, 2011.
It was finalized on December 12, 2012.
Cullman is a city in Cullman County, Alabama.
Cullman is along Interstate 65, about north of Birmingham, and about south of Huntsville.
According to the 2020 census, it has 18,213 people.
The channel was launched on 26 April 1982 in Norway and Finland as Satellite Television Ltd and was available to around 700,000 homes.
The channel offered premium programming not avaliable to other free channels.
Sky1 was renamed again in 2008.
A tribunal is a person or an institution with the authority and power to judge.
For example, a court of justice is a tribunal.
Hypothyroidism is a medical condition.
If a person has hypothyroidism, their thyroid gland does not make enough hormones.
It can be caused by many factors, but it is more common when a person has insufficient iodine.
Severe hypothyroidism in infants can result in cretinism.
The , also known as JAXA, is Japan's national space agency.
The following is movie industry specific terminology.
It is defined by Box Office Mojo.
In the Christian Bible, not only one person is actually called a saint: They envied Moses also in the camp, and Aaron the saint of the LORD.
() The apostle Paul called himself less than the least of all saints in .
She won an Academy Award for Best Actress for her role in the 1962 movie The Miracle Worker.
She also won three BAFTA Awards, an Emmy Award, two Golden Globe Awards and two Tony Awards.
She is best known for her role as Mrs Robinson in The Graduate.
Major Lance's second Okeh single was called The Monkey Time.
This song was also written by Mayfield.
Unlike his first Okeh single, Monkey Time was a success, becoming #2 on the Billboard R&B chart.
It was also the #8 pop hit in 1963.
The Monkey Time became Okeh's first hit single for 10 years.
He has been discredited by his Nobel peers because of the many fake and dangerous theories he tries to spread, such as or Papaya Cure for AIDS or Parkinson disease.
In 2009 he published two controversial research studies which, if true, would be the most significant experiments performed in the past 90 years, demanding re-evaluation of the whole conceptual framework of modern chemistry.
of mathematical statistics.
This is a list of the rivers in Honduras.
The most important river in Honduras is the Ulúa.
There are 316 rivers in Hokkaidō.
The following table is a list of rivers of Hokkaidō by length.
Hypochondriasis (more well known as hypochondria) is mental illness.
It in involves excess worries about having an illness.
This is often the result from having inaccurate perceptions of the human body or mental health.
People with hypochondria are often very worried about their health.
In fact there is nothing wrong with them.
They become unduly alarmed of even the slightest physical symptom in their very bodies.
The yellow-backed duiker (Cephalophus silvicultor) is a small antelope.
The French Academy of Sciences (French: Académie des sciences) is a learned society, founded in 1666 by Louis XIV.
Its aim was to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research.
It was involved with many of the important scientific developments in Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries.
In the Meiji period, the modern regional system was made by Imperial decree.
Japan was divided into regions (chihō ).
A regional council (chihō gyōsei kyōgisai) was headed by the governor of the most powerful prefecture in the regional grouping.
The council also included regional chiefs of central government ministries.
The Battle for Wesnoth (or just Wesnoth) is a strategy video game.
It is designed by David White and the first released was made in June 2003.
In his normal state, Mario can take one hit from an enemy and kill most of the monsters with a stomp.
By opening doors, the player can find power-ups, which grant different powers.
A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario, making Mario glow and have the strength to take two enemy hits.
If the player finds another mushroom while Mario is in the Super Mario form, the item turns into a Fire Flower.
When grabbing it, Mario becomes Fire Mario and can throw fireballs to kill enemies.
A 1-up mushroom known as Extra Mario Mushroom or Toad can only be found by Fire Mario.
Another way to earn an extra life is collecting 30 coins.
The player can also get a Star Man, which makes Mario temporarily able to knock any enemy off the screen by simply touching them.
Carolyn Mary Kleefeld is an American artist and poet.
She has had numerous exhibitions and gallery and museum awards between 1981 and today in the major cities of the United States.
Since 1981, Ms.
Kleefeld has created several paintings and drawings, ranging from romantic figurative to abstract.
Climates of the Mind, her first book, a collection of poetry and philosophical aphorisms, was published in 1979.
Michel Wachenheim, (born 16 January 1951 at Saint-Maur-des-Fossés) is a French ambassador and permanent representative of France at the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
Following 9/11, Mazar Sharif was the first Afghan city to fall to the Northern Alliance (United Front).
The Taliban's defeat in Mazar quickly turned into defeat from the rest of the north and west of Afghanistan.
On November 9, 2001 the city was captured by the Afghan Northern Alliance forces after the Battle of Mazar e Sharif with help from the United States Special Operations Forces and bombing by U.S.
Air Force aircraft.
As many as 2,000 Taliban fighters who surrendered were reportedly massacred by the Northern Alliance after the battle.
Reports also place U.S.
ground troops at the scene of the massacre.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol () is the Netherlands' main international airport, It is 20 minutes southwest of Amsterdam.
The airport's English name is Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
The airport had an IATA name of SPL, but is now AMS.
Alexey Arhipovsky (; May 15, 1967) – is a Russian balalaika virtuoso player.
The County of Vlorë is one of the 12 counties of Albania.
It has the districts Delvinë, Sarandë and Vlorë.
The capital is Vlorë.
There are about 211,773 people who live here.
Standish put Lieutenant William Holmes in charge of training the men.
He died in his home in 1656.
He was buried in Duxbury's Old Burying Ground, now known as the Myles Standish Burial Ground.
There are two monuments to Myles Standish.
One is placed over his grave at the Myles Standish Burial Ground.
The Albanian Dynasty House of Zogu, was founded by King Zog I of Albania.
Eight years after Harvey Dent's death and the defeat of the Joker, the Dent Act grants the Gotham City Police Department the ability to easily prosecute organized crime.
Feeling guilty for covering up Dent's crimes, Police Commissioner James Gordon writes a resignation speech telling the truth, but decides not to reveal the truth because it was not the right time.
Batman has disappeared, with Bruce Wayne becoming an outcast.
Cat burglar Selina Kyle steals Bruce's fingerprints from his home, kidnaps a congressman, then disappears.
Selina hands Bruce's fingerprints to Phillip Stryver, an assistant to Bruce's business rival John Daggett, in hope of having her criminal record erased.
Stryver double crosses Selina, but she uses the congressman's stolen phone to alert the police of their location.
Gordon and the police arrive to find the congressman, then chase the criminals into the sewers while Selina escapes.
A masked man called Bane who had escaped from a hijacked CIA Plane captures Gordon.
Gordon escapes, and is found by John Blake, a patrol officer who grew up as an orphan and has known Batman's true identity from their similar backgrounds.
Gordon promotes Blake to detective, with Blake reporting directly to him.
Wayne Enterprises is on the point of becoming bankrupt after Bruce wasted almost all of the companies money on a fusion reactor project when he learns that the core could be weaponized.
Later, Bane attacks the Gotham Stock Exchange, using Bruce's fingerprints to bankrupt Wayne Enterprises.
Alfred Pennyworth, concerned that Bruce has not moved on from being Batman, reveals to him that Rachel Dawes had intended to marry Dent before she died, and resigns in an attempt to dissuade him.
Fearing that Daggett, Bane's employer, would gain access to the reactor, Bruce and Lucius Fox asks board member Miranda Tate to take over his company.
Bane later kills Daggett.
After being promised to erase her records, Selina agrees to take Batman to Bane, but instead betrays him to a trap.
Bane appears and reveals that he intends to fulfill Ra's al Ghul's mission to destroy Gotham with the League of Shadows.
He breaks Batman's back and takes him to a foreign, well-like prison where escape is impossible.
The inmates tell Bruce the story of Ra's al Ghul's child, born in the prison and cared for by a fellow prisoner before escaping, the only prisoner to have ever done so; Bruce thinks the child is Bane.
Meanwhile, Bane had kidnapped Fox, Tate, and Fredricks in order to turn on the bomb.
While in the stadium, Bane triggers bombs under Gotham that causes the tunnels to collapse and traps most of the Gotham's police underground.
He kills Mayor Anthony Garcia and forces an abducted physicist, Dr.
Leonid Pavel, to convert the reactor core into a nuclear bomb before killing him.
Bane uses the bomb to hold the city hostage and isolate Gotham from the world.
Using Gordon's stolen speech, Bane reveals the cover-up of Dent's crimes and releases the prisoners of Blackgate Prison, causing a revolution.
The wealthy and powerful have their property destroyed or taken, are dragged from their homes, and given show trials presided over by Dr.
Jonathan Crane, where any sentence likely means death.
After months of recovery and re-training, Bruce escapes from the prison; thanks to the prison doctor, and enlists Selina, Blake, Tate, Gordon, and Fox to help stop the bomb's detonation.
While the police and Bane's forces fight at Gotham City Hall, Batman defeats Bane, but Tate later stabs Batman, revealing herself to be Talia, Ra's al Ghul's child, who escaped the prison thanks by her fellow prisoner, Bane.
She plans to complete her father's work by activating the bomb and destroying Gotham, but Gordon blocks her signal, which makes the remote of detonation useless.
Talia, then leaves to find the bomb.
Bane prepares to kill Batman, but Selina kills Bane using the Batpod.
Batman pursues Talia with the Bat, an aircraft created by Fox, to bring the bomb back to the reactor, where it can be stabilized.
Talia's truck crashes, but she remotely destroys the reactor before dying.
With no way to stop the detonation, Batman uses The Bat to haul the bomb over the bay, where it detonates.
Refining is the name for a number of processes that purify or concentrate a substance.
The name is used for natural resources, food and technical products.
The place where this is done, is often called a refinery.
Illizi is a province in the south-eastern corner of Algeria.
It is named after its capital Illizi.
Stonehenge and Avebury are groups of large stones called megaliths.
Both sites are circles of stones which are placed in a pattern.
In each, the placement of the stones and spaces between them may have astronomical meaning.
Avebury is to the north of Stonehenge.
It is Europe's largest prehistoric stone circle.
It has about 100 megaliths.
The parish had a population, in 2015, of 4,124 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
The parish had a population, in 2015, of 12,212 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
The parish had a population, in 2015, of 14,367 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
The parish had a population, in 2015, of 10,359 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
The parish had a population, in 2015 of 4,687 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
The parish had a population, in 2015 of 9,379 inhabitants, for a population density of persons/km².
For Protestants, Diligence (or hard work) is one of the ways to please God.
Max Weber (1864-1920) treats this in his work The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism.
In his work Anthropologie in pragmatischer Hinsicht, Immanuel Kant stated that of the capital sins sloth, cowardice and falsehood, the first one is the most despicable.
However, he also sees this as a measure of self-protection of the individual, as long phases of hard work will lead a person to become tired, and to make short pauses between intervals of work.
Without these pauses, the restless malice that is in the world would do a far greater amount of damage.
In 1846, Louis Blanc wrote about the right to work.
There was a financial crisis at the time, and many people were unemployed.
The crisis led to the French Revolution of 1848.
Edward Stratemeyer, founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate, came up with the idea of mystery-solving brothers in 1926.
Publishers Grosset & Dunlap approved the idea, and the name The Hardy Boys was chosen for the series.
The books were written under the pseudonym Franklin W.
Dixon, by ghostwriters who signed away their rights to authorship, pseudonyms, and future royalties.
The first three books were published in 1927, and were an instant success.
By mid-1929, over 115,000 books had been sold.
The Stratemeyer Syndicate received all royalties, and their offices handled all correspondence.
Public and school libraries agreed to keep the ghostwriters' names secret.
The Sudbury basin was formed by a strike from a bolide about in diameter.
It occurred 1.849 billion years ago in the Palaeoproterozoic era.
The Angolan Civil War was a major civil war in the African country of Angola.
It started in 1975 and continued until 2002.
The war began right after Angola became independent from Portugal in November 1975.
The Civil War was mostly a fight for power between two former liberation movements, the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) and the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA).
Other countries got involved in the war because they wanted their own ideologies to win.
This made the Angolan war part of the Cold War.
In 2002 the MPLA won.
The war destroyed a lot of buildings in Angola.
Jon Edward Ahlquist (born 27 July 1944, died 7 May 2020) is an American molecular biologist and ornithologist.
He has worked with Charles Sibley, mostly at Yale University.
Priapus was a minor fertility god in Greek mythology, who was also the protector of livestock, fruit plants, and male genitals.
He was depicted as having an oversized and permanent erection.
Sources differ as to who his parents were.
Some say he was the son of the god Dionysus and the goddess Aphrodite; Dionysus and Chione; Hermes and Aphrodite; Zeus and Aphrodite; or Pan and Aphrodite.
According to the myth, Hera cursed him while he was still in the womb of Aphrodite, because she was jealous that the Trojan prince Paris had picked Aphrodite as being the most beautiful of the goddesses and had given the Golden Apple of Eris to her.
Hera's curse made Priapus impotent, ugly and foul-minded.
The gods did not want Priapus to live with them on Olympus, and he was left on a hillside on Earth.
There, he was taken by shepherds who raised him.
Priapus later tried to rape the goddess Hestia, but was hit by a donkey, and this caused Priapus to lose his erection.
Billy Lee Tipton (December 29, 1914 – January 21, 1989) was an American jazz musician and bandleader.
Tipton had been assigned female gender at birth.
Il Canzoniere is a collection of 365 poems.
It was written by the Italian poet Petrarch between 1336 and 1373.
The Castle of Ribalonga was a fortress that probably began to be inhabited on the Iron Age and continued on the Ancient Rome.
The legend tells that in the year 2000, a man of the family Sampaio, whose descendants still live in the village, coming from the fair of Vilar de Maçada, brought with him some meat.
Suddenly, he was followed by a pack of wolves and he became very scared, because he realized that the wolves were very hungry.
When he arrived near the village, the wolves began to close the circle.
When he saw himself lost, he got off his horse and knelt and asked the Lord of the Afflicted to save him from the wolves.
At this moment, the dogs in the house of Mr.
Sampaio began barking anxiously and the wife of the man let them go.
They ran fast to the place where the man was and drove the wolves away.
In recognition, he built a cross where he asked the Lord to help.
A few days later, one of the dogs appeared, all hurt.
There is another legend of Ribalonga, referring to its place of St.
Ana.
There is a huge rock, rectangular, with three grooves at the top, the head, the torso and the limbs of a person.
The voice of the people, that same voice that describes the legends word by word, says that these signs were left there by St.
Ana when she was on pilgrimage to holy places.
Jean Robieux (15 October, 1925; Jugon-les-Lacs – 14 June 2012; Chatenay-Malabry) was a French physicist.
Graduate from École Polytechnique (1946-1949), École nationale de l'aviation civile (1949-1951), Doctor of Science from University of Paris and holder of a Master of Science from the California Institute of Technology, he is a leading French specialist in laser.
There were 4,923 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Simpson's paradox is a paradox from statistics.
It is named after Edward H.
Simpson, a British statistician who first described it in 1951.
The statistician Karl Pearson described a very similar effect in 1899.- Udny Yule's description dates from 1903.
Sometimes, it is called the Yule–Simpson effect.
When looking at the statistical scores of groups, these scores may change, depending on whether the groups are looked at one by one, or if they are combined into a larger group.
This case often occurs in social sciences and medical statistics.
It may confuse people, if frequency data is used to explain a causal relationship.
Other names for the paradox include reversal paradox and amalgamation paradox.
Boyacá had a population, in 2005, of 1,255,311, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
(P): Permanent; Are open all the year.
The commune was called Géovreissiat until October 2008.
Géovreissiat is the main village and the city hall is there.
The province of Santiago del Estero has a population, in 2010, of 874,006; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Romero was a prolific composer, creating a wide range of music, such as Caribbean, Jazz, Venezuelan waltzes, including works for orchestra, orchestra and soloist, orchestra and choir, chamber music, up to symphonic works of great dimensions.
In 1951 Romero signed contract with RCA Victor to record with a full orchestra, what was to be a very successful album in the Dinner In...
series, featuring popular Latin American music.
Under the RCA label he published his LP Dinner in Caracas, with which beat all sales records in South America until then.
Afterwards, recorded numerous LP albums in different countries.
In America, his ability as arranger/conductor led him to collaborate with popular orchestras and singers, such as Dean Martin, Jerry Lee Lewis, Stan Kenton, Machito and Tito Puente, among others.
He also toured extensively, performing in numerous countries: Mexico, Puerto Rico, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Spain, France, Greece, Switzerland, Sweden, Italy, Russia, Egypt and Japan.
North London Collegiate School is an independent school for girls between the ages of 4-18.
It is located in Harrow, London.
It was established by Frances Mary Buss in 1850.
Frances Mary Buss originally opened the school in her own home in Camden Town, London.
It later moved to Canons, Edgware in the 1930s.
It is thought to be the first girls' school in the United Kingdom, and the first to give girls the same chances to learn things as boys were given.
Since the database must be able to find an entity or a relationship, it must be able to identify it with a set of attributes that is unique.
This set of attributes is usually called primary key.
Even where it is suitable in principle, ER modeling is rarely used as a separate activity.
One reason for this is that there are many tools that allow diagramming and that have other design support directly on relational database management systems.
Limited omnibus editions have 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras.
The first volume is signed by Kirkman and Adlard.
There are 300 of this edition.
Later volumes were released with 3000 pieces each.
There is also a deluxe limited edition (signed by Kirkman/Adlard) with 300 pieces available.
Mickey is a song by US singer Toni Basil.
It was a top 5 hit when it was released in 1982.
It is was covered in 1999 by Lolly, who also had a top 5 hit with the song.
The top 10 2005 hit by Gwen Stefani - Hollaback Girl and 2012 top 40 hit by Madonna ft Nicki Minaj & MIA - Give Me All Your Luvin' also had musical influences from this song, Toni Basil's version was released by Radialchoice and Lolly's version was released by Polydor.
Jean is also a graduate from the Paris Diderot University in molecular biology, he started his career as assistant at the Collège de France in the year 1990.
In 1994, he became lecturer at the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.
In 2001, he was appointed as the head of training at the École pratique des hautes études before entering in 2006 as teacher at the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.
Alongside his teaching activities, he is a researcher at the Laboratory of Genetics and Cell Biology, responsible of the stress and cell death team.
Phytoremediation is fixing environmental problems through the use of plants.
The constitution of Argentina is one of the main sources of existing law in Argentina.
Its first version was written in 1853 by a Constitutional Assembly gathered in Santa Fe.
The basis was taken in part from the United States Constitution.
It was then changed in 1860, 1866, 1898, 1949, 1957.
The present version is the text of 1994.
After the death of Mithridates II of Parthia his son Gotarzes I succeeded him.
He reigned during a period coined in scholarship as the Parthian Dark Age, due to the lack of clear information on the events of this period in the empire, except a series of, apparently overlapping, reigns.
This system of split monarchy weakened Parthia, allowing Tigranes II of Armenia to annex Parthian territory in western Mesopotamia.
This land would not be restored to Parthia until the reign of Sinatruces (r.
c.
78–69 BC).
In 83 BC, after bloody strife for the throne of Syria, governed by the Seleucids, the Syrians decided to choose Tigranes as the protector of their kingdom and offered him the crown of Syria.
He then conquered Phoenicia and Cilicia, effectively putting an end to the last remnants of the Seleucid Empire, though a few holdout cities appear to have recognized the shadowy boy-king Seleucus VII Philometor as the legitimate king during his reign.
The southern border of his domain reached as far as Ptolemais.
Many of the inhabitants of conquered cities were sent to his new metropolis of Tigranocerta.
Approximately half a century after the collapse of the Artaxiad dynasty Armenia was under the rule of the Arshakunis, the Armenian branch of the Parthian Arsacids.
Next, in 314, under King Tiridates (Trdat) the Great and through the apostolate of St.
Gregory the Illuminator, Armenia, nearly simultaneously with the Roman empire, officially accepted Christianity, a turning point in its history.
An event of importance in the Arshakuni period was the invention, on the threshold of the fifth century, of the Armenian alphabet by St.
Mesrop.
With this Armenian became the language of the educated; it was introduced into the liturgy; and national literature was born (under Hellenistic and Syrian influences).
Armenia’s identity and individuality were thus saved and an absorption by either Byzantine or Iranian civilization was precluded.
UTC+04:00 makes clocks 4 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.
Ashtarak is an industrial city in Armenia.
It is on the left bank of Kasagh River.
It is the capital of Aragatsotn Province.
There are 21,600 people.
The Université du grand ouest parisien was created on 6 February 2012.
The BADGE program includes a number of elements: at least 200 hours of instruction, including theoretical and practical work, team projects and possibly distance learning, and a final validation test.
Kokoschka's first jobs were postcards and drawings for children.
In his early career he did portraits of Viennese celebrities.
He was in the Austrian army in World War I and was wounded.
At the hospital, the doctors said he was mentally unstable.
He traveled across Europe and painted the landscape.
Klöße are large dumplings, steamed or boiled in hot water, made of dough from grated raw or mashed potatoes, eggs and flour.
Similar semolina crack dumplings are made with semolina, egg and milk.
They are called Grießklößchen.
Tafelspitz is the name of the meat cut which is used.
It is usually from a young ox.
The meat for Tafelspitz is well-aged pieces of beef, a cut of beef from the bottom sirloin primal cut.
This cut is typically known in the United States as the tri-tip.
The opera is the first important German Romantic opera, especially in its national identity and stark emotionality.
Serafin R.
Cuevas was born on 25 June 1928 in Bacoor Cavite.
The Azerbaijani manat symbol, , is not easily typed on computers, so m or man.
can be used instead.
Consumers can get information about the conservation status of the seafood available to them.
Gary Arlen Kildall (May 19, 1942 – July 11, 1994) was a computer scientist and microcomputer entrepreneur.
Born to parents Joseph and Emma Kildal, Gary studied math at the University of Washington (UW) because he wanted to become a math teacher.
However, he began getting in computer technology.
Joseph was the creator of the CP/M operating system and the founder of Digital Research, Inc.
(DRI).
Kildall was one of the first people to see microprocessors as fully capable computers rather than equipment controllers and to organize a company around this concept.
Samukh () is a raion of Azerbaijan.
The term Samukh is from a Caucasian Albanian word for 'Forest Hunting Place'.
The church has Norman characteristics.
José Luís Peixoto (born 4 September 1974, in Galveias, Portalegre, Portugal), is a Portuguese writer.
Astara is a raion in southeastern Azerbaijan.
It was formed in 1930.
There are 95,300 people.
Astarachay and Tangarud rivers are in the raion.
A part of the Hirkan National Park is in Astara raion.
The old form of the name was Langarkanan.
In Persian, it means the place of pulling up the anchor(s).
Rose Hill was established on the Parramatta River on November 2, 1788.
It was developed by Governor Arthur Phillip and the First Fleet.
After Sydney Cove, this was the second settlement in Australia.
Staff with a jobs that normally requires a Diplôme universitaire de technologie (DUT) or a Brevet de technician supérieur (BTS) or end of undergraduate higher education.
The following is a list of current National Football League stadiums, sorted by how many people it holds, their locations, their first year of usage and home teams.
The NFL uses several other stadiums on a regular basis in addition to the teams' designated regular home sites.
The Jacksonville Jaguars currently have an agreement to play at least one regular-season home game per year at Wembley Stadium in London, England, as part of the NFL International Series through 2020.
Another London venue, Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, is also a regular International Series host.
A La Costa Sud (La Musique De La Côte D'Azur) is a compilation album imagined and produced by Italian musician and producer Pino Presti, published in May 2009 by Edizioni Musicali Curci.
Carcassonne Airport () is an airport serving Carcassonne and the south of Occitanie.
The airport is located on the western part of the city, from the city center, in the Aude department.
It is also known as Salvaza Airport, Carcassonne Salvaza Airport or Carcassonne Airport in Pays Cathare (Aéroport de Carcassonne en Pays Cathare).
The General Maritime Treaty of 1820 gave Bahrain protected status (not as a protectorate of the United Kingdom).
In 1932, the advisor to the Ruler, Charles Belgrave, designed a coat of arms for the Ruler, Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa.
The original heraldic achievement was red with a white chief dancetée of three ensigned by an heraldic ancient crown of eight points, with five being visible in renditions.
The heraldic device has been most recently altered in 2002, when the emirate was declared a kingdom by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa.
The shield remains red, but the white chief dancetée now includes five indentations to represent the five pillars of the Muslim faith, rather than the three as was originally assumed in 1932.
These three examples, and most other cases, use the part for the whole.
But an expression like The West might just mean the U.S.A.
It depends on context.
Al-Ahsa is part of the region known historically as Al-Bahrayn.
It includes the eastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula down to the borders of Oman.
It also includes the island of Awal (modern-day Bahrain).
Many Sunni Muslims fast during this day.
It is in the hadith that Musa (Moses) and his people had a victory over the Egyptian Pharaoh on the 10th day of Muharram.
The Islamic prophet Muhammad asked Muslims to fast on this day, and also a day extra either before or after.
Many Muslims cook something sweet like sweet rice and share with their family and circle of friends to eat when breaking their fast...
Rangpur Division became Bangladesh's seventh division on January 25, 2010.
Before that, it was the northern 8 districts of the Rajshahi Division.
The Rangpur division has eight districts: Rangpur, Dinajpur District, Kurigram, Gaibandha, Nilphamari, Panchagarh, Thakurgaon, and Lalmonirhat.
There are 58 subdistricts under these eight districts.
Rangpur is the northernmost division of Bangladesh.
There were 15,665,000 people at the 2011 Census.
The major cities of this new division are Rangpur and Dinajpur.
Rangpur has well-known schools, such as Carmichael College, Hajee Mohammad Danesh Science and Technology University, Rangpur Medical College, Rangpur Cadet College, and Begum Rokeya University.
The 37th G8 summit was held 26–27 May 2011 in the commune of Deauville in France.
Independence Day is commonly associated with parades, political speeches,fairs,concerts,and ceremonies to celebrate the history and traditions of Bangladesh.
Ektara (literally one-string, also called iktar, ', yaktaro gopichand) is a one-string instrument.
It is most often used in traditional music from Bangladesh, India , Egypt, and Pakistan.
She was a regular civilian, with considerable archery skills, who happened to cross paths with the Young Avengers on a mission, eventually inviting herself onto the team.
She became Barton's protégé and they both operates under Hawkeye name simultaneously.
Polycystic ovary syndrome is one of the most prevalent female endocrine health matters.
PCOS is a complex and heterogeneous problem of uncertain etiology, although there is major evidence that the PCOS can be classified as a genetic health problem.
This condition produces symptoms in between five percent to ten percent of females during the reproducing ages.
Problems include although are not limited to hormones resulting in acne, hirsutism, resistance to insulin (which then results in diabetes mellitus, in particular Type 2 diabetes or latent autoimmune diabetes of adults), overweight and (in some women) high cholesterol levels.
The symptoms and severity vary greatly among affected women.
Marc Houalla (born 10 February 1961 at Rueil-Malmaison) is a French aerospace engineer.
Louis Pailhas (2 March 1926 – 6 February 2021), was a French politician and aerospace engineer.
Asclepius (also spelled Aesculapius) was a demigod in Greek mythology.
He was the son of Apollo.
He was made god of medicine and healing.
There are two ways to reach the park by land: the Gordon River Road to the hydroelectricity township of Strathgordon and the Huon Highway to Cockle Creek.
The southern and western areas of the park can only be reached by foot, boat, or light aircraft.
The SBT is the second-largest network in the country, vying for leadership with Rede Record.
The CDT da Anhanguera is the second-largest television-production center in Brazil, behind Projac (owned by Rede Globo).
Over 5,000 employees work around the clock at the SBT's 110 TV stations.
In 2008 the network lost second place in the ratings to Record, but tied for second place the following year.
Suppose the goal is to find the answers to this system of linear equations.
The matrix is now in row-echelon form.
This is also called triangular form.
The pygmy antwren (Myrmotherula brachyura) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
The collared antshrike (Thamnophilus bernardi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
Aozora Bunko has digital copies of many out-of-copyright books.
Project Gutenberg is similar to Aozora Bunko.
The Olympic football team has been reformed, again run by the FA, for the 2012 Olympic Games, which are to be hosted in London.
The team's coach is Stuart Pearce who will be allowed to select players from across the UK.The SFA are worried that if Team GB field a team in the Olympics Great Britain will field a team in other international competitions.
21 has sold over 11.648 million copies in the United States alone and is the best-performing album in Billboard history.
Gérard Rozenknop (born 23 January 1950 in Paris 19e), is a French aerospace engineer.
Anting is a behavior in which birds rub insects (usually ants) on their feathers.
This releases liquids with chemicals such as formic acid onto the bird's feathers.
Instead of ants, birds can also use millipedes.
Over 200 species of bird have been known to ant.
On May 17, 1963, Bruno beat Buddy Rogers to become the second World Wide Wrestling Federation champion.
He held this title for over seven years, a record for professional wrestling world champions.
He had his first match in Japan in 1967.
He lost to Ivan Koloff on January 18, 1971.
On December 10, 1973, Sammartino beat Stan Stasiak to once again be the champion.
Billy Graham won the championship from Bruno on April 30, 1977 in Baltimore.
World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979.
Sammartino wrestled less often after but he did have classic feud with Larry Zbyszko that ended in a steel cage match at Shea Stadium in 1980.
He retired in 1987.
Between Rouen and the sea, ocean-going vessels of up to in length, and 150,000 tons in weight can travel the Seine.
This section of the river has a length of about .
Ships of a draft of up to can circulate.
Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line.
There are three bridges in this section.
They can be raised.
The maximum air draft (or height above the water line) of a ship is .
Because there are few briges, the river can be crossed by ferry, at different locations.
The port of Rouen is an important maritime port in France; it is the most important port in Europe for cereals, and the most important port in France for flour and fertilizers.
Even if the port of Le Havre is more important for petroleum, that of Rouen is still important.
About 25 million tons of produce is handled by the port of Rouen each year.
Bringing together of the Lithuanian lands began in the late 12th century.
Mindaugas, the first ruler of the Grand Duchy, was crowned as Catholic King of Lithuania in 1253.
The pagan state was targeted in the religious crusade by the Teutonic Knights and the Livonian Order.
When Gediminas began to rule, he allowed people to have different religions.
This grew under his son Algirdas.
In 1386 Jogaila changed the religion to Catholicism.
He also made a dynastic union between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland.
The early part of the state is sometimes known as the Rus Khaganate.
The history of Rus' proper begins in 882.
This is when the capital was moved from Novgorod to Kyiv.
This was after Varangians (Vikings), who were called Rus, freed this slavic city from the Khazars' tribute.
The state reached its most powerful in the mid 11th century.
Its lands went south to the Black Sea, east to the Volga, and west to the Kingdom of Poland and to the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
The Linear Pottery culture was an important culture in the Neolithic(later Stone Age) of Europe.
It was from 5500–4500 BC.
It is abbreviated as LBK and is also known as the Linear Band Ware, Linear Ware, Linear Ceramics or Incised Ware culture.
SMK Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam was founded on 5th January 1970.
At that time, it was known as Sekolah Menengah Rendah, Bukit Mertajam (the Lower Secondary School, Bukit Mertajam) with a total of 717 students and 29 teachers (including a religious teacher and a principal Mr.
A.
Gopala Krishnan).During that time, the official buildings were still under construction, so the students had to share facilities and spaces with Sekolah Tinggi Bukit Mertajam (Bukit Mertajam High School) in the afternoon session.
At the end of 1973, the new buildings (14 classrooms, 3 science labs, 2 domestic science rooms, industrial arts workshop and canteen) were completed on Jalan Damai, Bukit Mertajam.
On the 7th of January 1974, 602 students moved to the new buildings.
When important, respected, or admired guests arrive, they are given a loaf of bread placed on a rushnik (embroidered towel).
A salt holder or a salt cellar is placed on top of the bread loaf or secured in a hole on the top of the loaf.
Okróshka is a cold soup from Russia.
It is also found in Ukraine and Belarus.
The name is probably from kroshit' (крошить), which means to crumble into small pieces.
Drillech graduated from Lille University of Science and Technology with a Bachelor's degree in sociology.
He also graduated from Institut d'études politiques de Paris with a Master's degree.
He has a career in marketing.
The library was built in Ephesus, a Greek city in Asia Minor.
The existence of flat-topped mountains below the surface of the ocean was established in 1965.
Harry Hammond Hess used echo-sounding equipment to map the floor of the ocean.
The research revealed that some undersea mountains had flat tops.
The Norwegian coastal waters are the most important spawning ground of the herring populations of the North Atlantic, and the hatching occurs in March.
The eggs float to the surface and are washed off the coast by the northward current.
Whereas a small herring population remains in the fjords and along the northern Norwegian coast, the majority spends the summer in the Barents Sea, where it feeds on the rich plankton.
Upon reaching puberty, herring returns to the Norwegian Sea.
The herring stock varies greatly between years.
It increased in the 1920s owing to the milder climate and then collapsed in the following decades until 1970; the decrease was, however, at least partly caused by overfishing.
The biomass of young hatched herring declined from 11 million tonnes in 1956 to almost zero in 1970; that affected the ecosystem not only of the Norwegian Sea but also of the Barents Sea.
In October 1947, Kyoto Imperial University was renamed Kyoto University.
…on your left side when looking from Ochanomizu Station.
…in the middle of M&D Tower and Dental Building.
The nine-banded armadillo is spreading more far out in both the north and east of the United States.
It crossed the Rio Grande from Mexico in the late 19th century.
At the same time, it was introduced in Florida by humans.
By 1995, the species was found in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, and recently seen as far north as southern Nebraska, Illinois, and Indiana.
The main reason of this fast expansion is because the species have few or no natural predators in the United States.
It is also because Americans do not hunt or eat the armadillo.
In late 2009, the state of North Carolina considered a hunting season for armadillo to slow them down.
Nine-banded armadillos do not live in groups.
They are nocturnal, which means that they are lively at night instead of the day.
Through soil excavation, the nine-banded armadillo's ability to burrow underground helps the armadillo protect itself from predators and protect their young.
They are purposely positioned in a way, such as on a slope, where they have vegetation around, protective layers around, and easy access to nearby burrows.
The burrows they make are about wide, deep, and long.
The team joined the Central League as the Hiroshima Carp in 1949.
Tororo is also eaten with udon or soba.
In tororo udon/soba, it is often eaten with a raw egg or a yolk.
lego big morl is a Japanese rock band from Osaka, made up of four men: Takehiro Kanata(guitar & vocal), Hiroki Tanaka (guitar), Hiro Asakawa (drum), Shintarou Yamamoto (bass).
After Asakawa's band split up in March, he asked Kanata to form a band with him.
Tanaka, who was in the same band as Kanata joined the new band, followed by Yamamoto, who was a friend of Kanata from high school.
They held a first live tour in Tokyo, Yokohama, Ibaraki, and Gunma in March.
The year of getting people to know them.
...They released a ¥100 SINGLEmoonwalk for a week, which reached number four on the indies chart.
They also released a first mini album Tuesday and Thursday.
Starting from here, they attended many big music festivals and events.
These are necessary items for the alpine skiing competitions.
In slalom (SL), 165 cm for men, 155 cm for ladies.
In giant slalom (GS), 195 cm for men, 188 cm for ladies.
In Super G (SG), 210 cm for men, 205 cm for ladies.
Soft tennis is major sport in Japan.
It is usually played by two players with rackets.
It is similar to normal tennis, but the ball is soft.
The black-hooded antshrike (Thamnophilus bridgesi) is a species of bird in the Thamnophilidae family.
The goal of interior design is to create an environment for living that is functional, efficient and aesthetically pleasing for the occupants.
Before starting any old house renovation or construction of a new building, ensure proper planning for that.
Plan and select a budget for renovation first.
Then depending on your budget, choose some designs.
After selecting some designs, discuss with an expert.
These steps are crucial for you and the expert as well.
When the interior designer will know your planned budget for renovation, they will also prepare the steps as per your budget and requirement.
A hash table is a type of tool for storing information.
In computer science, these tools for keeping track of information, or data, are called data structures.
Some of these organisms are useful for humans.
However, most have no known effect.
They are just symbionts: they live with us.
Those which are expected to be present are members of the normal flora.
Under normal circumstances they do not cause disease, but may even help our health.
Studies in 2009 asked whether our health is damaged if we reduce this biota.
This is certainly the case with gut flora.
Hard Boiled took 123 days to shoot.
Zhironovsky was extremely racist and sexist.
Chatham is a town in the US state of Virginia.
At the 2020 census, 1,232 people lived there.
It is in the Danville, Virginia metropolitan statistical area.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Three classic moves in Greek wrestling were the flying mare, the body hold, and fancy foot trips.
In the flying mare, the wrestler would grip his opponent's arm, throw him over his shoulder, and send him to the ground flat on his back.
In the body hold, a wrestler would grip his opponent about the waist, lift him in the air, flip him, and drop him head first to the ground.
Elaborate foot trips would send a wrestler crashing to the ground, but old school wrestlers who relied on sheer strength scorned fancy foot trips.
Punching, kicking, and gouging soft body areas were not allowed.
A point was scored if a wrestler tapped out because of a submission hold.
It was possible for a match to last for five rounds.
Parkinsonian syndrome (also known as Parkinsonism, atypical Parkinson's or secondary Parkinson's) is a neurological syndrome characterized by tremor, hypokinesia, rigidity, and postural instability.
There are many conditions that lead to Parkinsonism, and diagnosis can be difficult.
While the neurodegenerative condition Parkinson's disease (PD) is the most common cause of parkinsonism, a wide range of other causes may lead to a similar set of symptoms, including some toxins, a few metabolic diseases, and a handful of neurological conditions unrelated to Parkinson's disease.
The , also referred to as the Imperial family, is made up of the extended family of the reigning Emperor of Japan.
The Emperor Emeritus was born at the Imperial Palace in Tokyo on 23 December 1933, the elder son and sixth child of the Shōwa Emperor and Empress Kōjun.
He was married on 10 April 1959 to Michiko Shōda.
Emperor Akihito succeeded his father as emperor on 7 January 1989.
The Empress Emerita, formerly Michiko Shōda, was born in Tokyo on 24 October 1934, the eldest daughter of Hidesaburo Shōda, president and honorary chairman of Nisshin Flour Milling Inc..
The Prince Hitachi was born on 28 November 1935, the second son and seventh child of the Emperor Shôwa and Empress Kojun.
His childhood title was Prince Yoshi.
By getting the title Prince Hitachi, he started a new branch of the imperial family on 1 October 1964, the day after his wedding.
The Princess Hitachi was born on 19 July 1940, the daughter of former Count Yoshitaka Tsugaru.
Prince and Princess Hitachi have no children.
The Permanent Committee on Geographical Names (PCGN) is an independent government agency in the United Kingdom.
Its function is to establish standard names for places outside the UK, but not including Antarctica.
The decisions about names are for the use of the British government.
It is one of the mountains of Chūbu-Sangaku National Park with the dominant peak of the Tateyama mountain range.
The Park was made on December 4, 1934.
Pumbaa is a good-hearted warthog in the movie.
He usually gossips with the other animals, but then flees with his tail held in the air when things get out of hand.
He was adopted into the immediate family of Pope Callixtus; and was known afterwards as Rodrigo Borgia.
They are also the fastest-moving reptiles.
The 1992 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records lists the leatherback turtle moving at in the water.
Fischer was the founder of the chemistry of primary natural products: carbohydrates, purines and nucleosides, peptides and proteins.
Amongst his many discoveries were the structure of carbohydrates, and he was the first to get synthetic peptides.
He studied the active principles of tea, coffee and cocoa, namely, caffeine and theobromine.
He was awarded B.A.
in economics from Yale University in 1974.
Aristarkh Lentulov (4 January 1882 15 April 1943) was a major Russian avant-garde artist who also worked on set designs for the theatre.
His work shows strong influences of fauvism and cubism.
In the Alps, there was little change.
The French invasion of Piedmont failed.
On the Spanish border, the French under General Dugommier came from their defensive positions at Bayonne and Perpignan, to move the Spanish out of Roussillon.
They invaded Catalonia.
Dugommier was killed in the Battle of the Black Mountain in November.
He studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, and during 1826 in Paris.
The Romantic movement with its new ideas about art and politics was happening in France.
Wappers was the first Belgian artist to use this form.
His first painting, The Devotion of the Burgomaster of Leiden, appeared at the right time.
It had much success in the Brussels Salon during 1830, the year of the Belgian Revolution.
He was the first person to say the Universe is growing.
Some people think it was Edwin Hubble, but that is not correct.
Lemaître was also the first to make the Hubble's law and the Hubble constant.
Giovanni Paisiello (9 May 1740 – 5 June 1816) was a composer from Italy.
He wrote more than 80 operas.
He also wrote music for churches and concerts.
The is a Japanese treasure house in the Tōdai-ji temple complex at Nara It is close to the building which houses the Great Buddha (Diabutsuden).
This is a list of incorporated cities in the U.S.
state of Alaska, including unified city-boroughs.
He was an important figure of the Russian avant-garde, helping develop suprematism with his mentor, Kazimir Malevich.
He designed exhibition displays and propaganda works for the former Soviet Union.
His work greatly influenced the Bauhaus and constructivist movements, and he experimented with techniques and ideas ine 20th-century graphic design.
The Teatro di San Carlo is a famous opera house in Naples, Italy.
It is sometimes called the Teatro San Carlo or simply the San Carlo.
Its name means Theatre of Saint Charles.
It was built in 1737.
When it was first built it was the biggest opera house in the world.
Today, it is still one of the biggest opera houses in Italy.
It is also the oldest opera house in Italy.
Many operas were first performed at the Teatro di San Carlo.
Seventeen of Donizetti's operas and eight of Rossini's operas were first performed there.
A cluster bomb, or cluster munition, is an explosive device.
It explodes in the air or on the ground, and releases many smaller bombs.
It is an anti-personnel weapon because it kills or maims people, not armoured vehicles.
The Labors of Herakles is a series of tasks performed by the Greek hero Herakles () as a penance for a terrible crime he committed.
These tasks required great strength and courage.
For the most part, they involved killing fierce animals and horrible monsters.
The Labors were said to have been devised by Hera, the goddess of marriage.
She hated Herakles because he was a bastard son of her husband Zeus.
She hoped these tasks would kill him.
Herakles however performed them with great success, and, in the process, became very famous.
The Labors of Herakles probably had their origin in the religious and magical practices of prehistoric man.
They are the subject of ancient and modern art.
He is perhaps best-known to the American public for whistling the melody in commercials for Old Spice cologne.
The State Bank of India was established on July 1, 1955.
The wedding of Anne Neville and Richard, Duke of Gloucester (later Richard III of England) took place on 12 July 1472, at Westminster Abbey.
They lived in Middleham Castle.
Upon her marriage, she was called Duchess of Gloucester.
They had only one child, Edward, born at Middleham around 1473.
Hilary Bradt MBE (born 17 July 1941) is a British writer.
He founded Bradt Travel Guides, a publisher of travel guide books, in the mid-1970s.
Front 242 was formed in 1981 in Aarschot, Belgium, by Daniel Bressanutti and Dirk Bergen.
Patrick Codenys and Jean-Luc De Meyer had also formed a group called Under Viewer at around the same time.
The two duos joined together in 1982.
In 1983, Dirk Bergen left the band and Richard Jonckheere, called Richard 23, joined as vocalist.
Like most Cnidaria, the West Coast sea nettle is carnivorous.
They catch their prey by using their Nematocyst-laden tentacles.
The toxin(poison) in their Nematocyst are effective against their prey and humans.
Since West Coast sea nettles can not chase their prey, they must eat as they drift, by spreading out their tentacles like a large net, the West Coast sea nettle is able to catch food as it passes by.
When a prey brushes against the tentacles, thousands of nematocysts are released, launching barbed stingers which release a paralyzing toxin, then the oral arms begin digestion as they push the prey into the West Coast sea nettle's mouth.
The stadium cost US$423 million.
A shopping mall and a hotel are planned to be built.
This will increase use of the stadium.
There was trouble attracting events, football and otherwise, after the Olympics.
Teito Klein is a slave who was captured from Raggs Kingdom.
Now he is an excellent student in the Barsburg Empire's military academy.
The school teaches students to use Zaiphon, a power like a kind of magic.
One day Teito finds that Chief of Staff Ayanami killed his father, the king of the Raggs Kingdom.
He wants to kill Ayanami and get revenge for his father.
But Ayanami is very strong, so Teito is put in prison.
And Mikage find that soon.
He wants to save his best friend's life, so he helps Teito run away.
To protect Mikage, Teito says that he hijacked Mikage as a hostage.
He escapes but his flying machine is shot up by Ayanami.
Three bishops of 7th District's church save him and hide him in the church.
Teito found that he brings the Eye of Mikhail, which is a powerful gem.
Ayanami wants that and tries to carry Teito.
So Teito and three bishops who are the members of 7 ghost begin to fight for peace and justice.
7 ghost was the patron saint of this world.
In the 2009-10 season, Pune was elevated to the first division of the Indian Football League.
The difference quotient is the slope of the secant line between two points.
Peter Ware Higgs CH FRS FRSE (born Newcastle upon Tyne, 29 May 1929) is an English theoretical physicist, and emeritus professor at the University of Edinburgh.
Roadrunners are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants.
They eat insects like grasshoppers, crickets, beetles, and caterpillars, small reptiles like lizards and snakes, rodents and other small mammals.
They also eat tarantulas and other spiders, scorpions, centipedes, snails, small birds and eggs.
The plants they eat are fruits and seeds like prickly pear cactus and sumac.
Roadrunners search on the ground to find food.
They usually run after their prey but also sometimes may leap to catch insects.
Because of its fast speed, the roadrunner is one of the few animals that preys upon the rattlesnake.
Plekocheilus distortus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amphibulimidae.
There are a number of famous attractions in and around the city.
The most famous attraction is Inuyama Castle on a 40m rise overlooking the Kiso river.
This Japanese castle is also known as Hakutei-jō (White Emperor Castle).
It was named by the Confucian scholar Ogyū Sorai during the Edo period.
It is a four-story structure with two underground levels, although it has only three roofs.
The castle was made a Japanese national treasure in 1935 and again in 1952.
It the oldest original wooden castle in Japan.
The club known as Cidade de Goa until the late 1990s.
Changes were made which were modeled after Sporting Clube de Portugal.
The Nimravidae is an extinct family in the Carnivora.
It is a type of cat-like mammal in the suborder Feliformia.
The Burmese python, like all types of snakes, are carnivorous.
They mainly eat birds and mammals like mice, rats, rabbits, pigs and goats.
Some have been seen eating larger animals like alligators and deer.
Burmese Pythons are mainly nocturnal.
Young Burmese Pythons usually live in trees and on ground but when they become older they live mainly on the ground.
They are excellent swimmers and can stay underwater for around half an hour.
Roasso Kumamoto is a Japanese professional football club in Kumamoto on the island of Kyushu.
At his adult ceremony, however, everything changes too quickly to predict.
The clock that remained silent in the church for 100 years suddenly rings.
Raven will do anything to protect his young master.
Alice is a chain, a being born from the Abyss.
It is also one of the most powerful because it happens to take human form.
His form of fighting is fighting a giant rabbit with a scythe: B-Rabbit.
Xerxes, more commonly known as Break, he is a member of Pandora and a servant of the Rainsworth family.
It is often seen with a doll on his shoulder he calls Emily.
He loves sweets and cakes and he hates a lot Vincent.
Outside, Breakapparaît like a carefree character, never serious and always smiling.
When necessary, however, Break can become very dangerous and evil.
He has a contract with Mad Hatter, a Chain.
No break is left eye.
He says that the will of the abyss took him and now is the chain that owns Cheshire.
Liam, a member of Pandora tells Oz that Break has not always been as it is today.
Before, after losing his eye, it was a bitter and angry person who never smiled.
However, thanks to the kindness of Shelly, Sharon's mother, he began to open.
He has sworn absolute loyalty to Shelly.
As of 2020, there are 38 WHS places in India.
The Red Diamond Rattlesnake lives mainly in deserts and on mountains in Southwestern California, U.S.A, northeastern Baja California, Mexico, and islands in the Gulf of California like Angel de la Guarda, San Macros and Monserrate.
The Gendarmenmarkt is a square in Berlin, and the site of the and the French Cathedral and German Cathedrals.
The centre of the Gendarmenmarkt is crowned by a statue of Germany's poet Friedrich Schiller.
The square was created by Johann Arnold Nering at the end of the seventeenth century as the Linden-Markt and reconstructed by Georg Christian Unger in 1773.
The Gendarmenmarkt is named after the Prussian regiment .
Turnips have glucosinolates -- plant-based chemicals that may help prevent all kinds of cancer, from breast to prostate.
Eye health.
Turnips are rich in the antioxidant lutein.
This keeps your eyes healthy and wards off problems like macular degeneration and cataracts.
Western diamondback rattlesnakes are one of the most aggressive rattlesnakes in North America, and usually coils and rattles when threatened.
Johann Arnold Nering or Nehring (13 January 1659 in Wesel – 21 October 1695 in Berlin) was a German architect active in the Electorate of Brandenburg.
The eastern diamondback rattlesnake is the heaviest venomous snake in the Americas, and the largest rattlesnake.
The heaviest eastern diamondback rattlesnake ever found weighed 15.4 kg (34 Ib), and was 7.8 ft (2.4 m) long.
This eastern diamondback rattlesnake however, was not the longest ever found, for there have been reports on seeing some which were 8 feet long.
An eastern diamondback rattlesnake's actual length is usually around 3 to 5 feet long.
They usually weigh 2.3 kg (5.1 Ib), but some that have been found can weigh 5.12 kg (11.3 Ib), or even 6.7 kg (15 Ib).
They usually are brown, brownish yellow, brownish gray, or olive ground in color.
There skin is covered with 24-35 dark brown or black diamond-shaped blotches, which have a lighter center.
The belly is yellow or cream in color.
The team which wins the most games in each year is the league champion or winner.
They eat fish, squid and krill (small shrimps) The Fiordland penguin’s main predator is seals.
After the Romans, composed names started to be more commonplace in the Middle Ages.
In the Americas, mononyms survived until the early 20th century.
Examples include Pocahontas (1595-1617) and Geronimo (1829-1909).
Pocahontas married and English settler, and took the name Rebecca Rolfe after her marriage.
The night adders have very big venom glands, which are around 10 centimeters long.
But even though the venom glands are big, the adders don't always use their venom on their prey.
The venom would kill the prey fast enough, but they usually seize their prey and swallow it.
The common night adder is a fairly fast species of snake; it can move at the speed of 3.3 km per hour.
They are usually found on the ground, but they can climb trees and can swim.
They are mainly nocturnal, but some have been seen basking in the early morning or late afternoon.
When disturbed they coil up, inflate their body (which makes the black blotches on them stand out), and start hissing loudly.
She won a gold medal on the balance beam at the 1954 World Gymnastics Championships.
She is the only Japanese woman to win a gold medal in this international competition.
For his work in Stuart he earned a nomination for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor.
He also played Freddie Jackson in Martina Cole's The Take.
That was a television movie based on Cole's novel of the same name.
He played Bane in Christopher Nolan's 2012 movie The Dark Knight Rises.
Hardy also played Max Rockatansky in and as Venom in the 2018 movie Venom.
The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II or simply as CN II, is one of twelve cranial nerves but is also considered to be part of the central nervous system.
It sends information from the retina (the outermost part of the eye) to the brain.
The brain forms a picture using the information so that you can see things.
The Didache (pronounced did ah kay) or The Teaching of the Twelve Apostles is an early Christian hand book.
It was written in the first or early second century AD.
Shaivism is a form of Hinduism, which sees Shiva as the most important deity.
In practice, there are different branches of Shaivism.
Shaivism is common in India, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
It can also be found in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.
Plummer was in Lovers and Madmen at the Opera House at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C.
in 1973.
He also appeared in Love and Master Will at the same place in 1975.
Plummer had the main role in Oedipus the King (1968) and The High Commissioner (1968).
He was later in Battle of Britain (1969) and Lock Up Your Daughters (1969).
That same year, he played Inca Emperor Atahualpa in The Royal Hunt of the Sun.
Plummer played the Duke of Wellington in Waterloo (1970) with Rod Steiger as Napoleon Bonaparte.
He played Rudyard Kipling in The Man Who Would Be King (1975).
He was also in the comedy The Return of the Pink Panther (1975), with Peter Sellers and The Silent Partner (1978).
He was in Aces High (1976), Starcrash (1978), and International Velvet (1978).
He played Sherlock Holmes in Murder by Decree (1979).
The first parts of the actual French Church were built from 1701 to 1705 for the Huguenot (Calvinist) community.
At that time, Huguenots made up about 25% of Berlin's population.
The French Church was modelled after the destroyed Huguenot temple in Charenton-Saint-Maurice, France.
The cane toad (Bufo marinus) is a species of toad.
They are also known as the marine toad or the giant neotropical toad.
In their native habitat, a number of fish and reptiles prey on the tadpoles and the adult toad.
Komatsu is a city in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan.
True acted in porn movies in Scandinavia in the 1960s.
By the end of the decade, she began appearing in American adult movies.
In the 1970s and 1980s, she acted in more than 50 hardcore porn movies in the early New York.
Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied the area around Cattaro (called Kotor since 1919) in April 1941.
Judd was married to Michael Ciminella from 1964 to 1972.
She married Larry Strickland in 1989.
Wm Morrison Supermarkets plc (Morrisons) () is the fourth biggest supermarket in the United Kingdom.
Its main offices are in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
The company is usually called Morrisons.
In 2008, Sir Ken Morrison left the company.
Oda's main event was triple jump, but he also competed in long jump and high jump.
The Government of the United Kingdom, formally referred to as His Majesty's Government, is the central government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
It is also commonly referred to as simply the British Government or the UK Government.
East Coast was a government-owned British train operating company.
It ran high-speed passenger trains on the East Coast Main Line between London, Yorkshire, the North East and Scotland, being forced to take over after National Express East Coast defaulted on their franchise.
It started operations on 14 November 2009.
It ended operations on 28 February 2015.
They had 45 locomotives and served 53 stations whilst operating 12 of them.
The franchise was re-let to Virgin Trains East Coast, ending the period of government ownership, despite contributing a lot of money to the Treasury and calls for the government to retain the franchise.
The process is completed by placing electrodes on the sides of the patient's head (on either both or just one side) and sending a small electric current through the brain.
This lasts for about half a second.
Ontiveros was born Guadalupe Moreno in El Paso, Texas, to Mexican immigrant parents.
The Khojaly Massacre was the murder of hundreds of ethnic Azerbaijani civilians from the town of Khojaly in Azerbaijan on 25–26 February 1992 by the Armenian armed forces with the help of Russian armed forces during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
In a traditional brickworks, clay is taken from the quarry, and then carried by workers to the yard After the forming or cutting, the bricks must be dried, in the open air, in drying sheds, When the bricks have been dried, they must then be fired or 'burnt' in a kiln, to give them their final hardness and appearance.
Low sexual desire.
You have diminished libido, or lack of sex drive.
Sexual arousal disorder.
Your desire for sex might be intact, but you have difficulty or are unable to become aroused or maintain arousal during sexual activity.
Orgasmic disorder.
You have persistent or recurrent difficulty in achieving orgasm after sufficient sexual arousal and ongoing stimulation.
Nicola (Antonio) Porpora (or Niccolò Porpora) (17 August 1686 – 3 March 1768) was a composer and a very famous singing teacher from Italy.
He composed more than 40 operas.
He also composed cantatas, oratorios, sonatas for violin, and church music.
Some of the famous people who studied singing and music with Porpora were the poet Pietro Metastasio, the composer Joseph Haydn, Princess Maria Antonia of Bavaria, and the castrato singers, Farinelli and Caffarelli.
Showa Women’s University has numerous programs to study abroad in the USA and around the world.
Showa Women’s University places a heavy emphasis on study-abroad programs because of the growing demand for global communications and business.
Many students are currently involved in these exchange programs.
Showa Boston Institute for Language and Culture in Massachusetts opened in 1988 and is a key campus in our study abroad program.
Because of Boston’s rich academic, culture and history, it helps in the cultural experience the students.
Over 700 students travel to the Boston campus to experience the school and its culture every year.
Showa was recognized by the Foreign Minister in 2010 for this ongoing effort.
The Japanese students learn English and about American culture while experiencing schooling in an American school environment.
English majors spend up to three (3) semesters there.
For Nutrition, Teaching Japanese and Early Elementary Education there is a specialized two-week program.
There is a 15-week program that focuses mainly on English.
Students can learn about American society and culture by experiencing their community learning and field work.
There is also a one-month Summer Session during their summer break that gives students one (1) choice out of seven (7) programs to choose from based on their interest.
To date, she has had four American Music Award nominations.
On March 17, 1995, Vega married Mitchell Froom, a musician and a record producer.
They have a daughter, Ruby Froom (born July 8, 1994).
The band Soul Coughing's Ruby Vroom album was named after her.
Recently Ruby sang with her mother.
Gabrielle Union (born October 29, 1972 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American movie actress.
She has starred in many movies.
She was in the 2003 movie Bad Boys II with Martin Lawrence and Will Smith.
She recently starred in the Netflix original The Perfect Find with Keith Powers.
On May 27, 1998, Brynn returned to home that night and had a big fight with her husband.
After the fight, Phil told her that if she ever used any drugs or abuse their children, then he would break up with her and take the children with him.
Spinal muscular atrophy is inherited from parents who might or might not have the disease themselves but both of whom have a fault (mutation) in their genes that predisposes to the disease.
Around one in 25 to one in 50 persons, depending on the country, carries a faulty gene of SMA.
Sportsmanship can be different depending on the game itself or the culture of the group.
For example, in the sport of cricket, a player will sometimes acknowledge that he is out by walking off the field, even though the umpires (game officials) had thought that he was not out.
In another example, a tennis player who sees a ball go in but is called out by the linesperson could concede the point or suggest the opponent make a challenge, as was the case with professional tennis player Jack Sock on at least two occasions.
These are some examples of Dominican Spanish.
«Note» some of these words or expressions/idioms are of African origin.
In the opening match at Cardiff between Brazil and Japan, the Brazilians were forced out of the tournament after losing to Japan 2-0.
In the 1950s, it was suggested that this excess was a large-scale galaxy-like structure, a Local Supercluster.
Debate went on during the 1960s and 1970s as to whether the Local Supercluster (LS) was actually a structure or a chance alignment of galaxies.
In 1982 R.
Brent Tully showed it consists of two components: a flattened disk with two-thirds of the supercluster's luminous galaxies, and a roughly spherical halo containing the remaining one-third.
Like other snakes of the genus Bothriechis, this species is arboreal, meaning it lives in trees.
The eyelash viper is nocturnal.
It is not known to be aggressive, but if annoyed or disturbed it doesn't hesitate to strike.
The Triangulum galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 3 million light years (ly) from Earth in the constellation Triangulum.
and SN 1991bg.
Izabal is one of the 22 departments of Guatemala.
Its coastal areas are part of the homeland of the Garifuna people.
Brown had one son (Bruce, from an earlier marriage) who died before him, and a half brother (Edward Fisher Brown Jr)..
The hyoid is a horseshoe-shaped bone in the front of the neck.
between the chin and the thyroid cartilage (Adam's apple).
At rest, it lies at the level of the mandible in the front and the third cervical vertebra behind.
Sendak died on May 8, 2012 in his home in Danbury, Connecticut from a stroke.
He was 83 years old.
This is a list of 52 species of molluscs that have been introduced into Venezuela, that are living in the wild, and that have been reported in the literature.
Many ancient and distinct Jewish languages, including Gruzinic (Jewish Georgian), Judeo-Arabic, Judeo-Berber, Krymchak (Jewish Uzbek) and Judeo-Malayalam (a kind of Indian language) have largely fallen out of use due the impact of the Holocaust on European Jewry, the Jewish exodus from Arab lands, the assimilation policies of Israel in its early days and other factors.
The fathom is a unit of length.
It is used especially when talking about operating ships, to measure the depth of water.
It is equal to two yards.
The distance between a man's outstreched arms is about a fathom.
By this definition, a statute mile is 880 fathoms long.
According to the directive 80/181/EWG, one fathom is 1,829 meters long.
The Memorial Hall opened on 30 April 2017.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Lesotho.
The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs.
It spends the day hiding.
It comes out at dusk.
It may travel some distance in the dark while hunting.
It is most active in wet weather.
By morning it has returned to its base.
It may live in the same place for several months.
It has a large appetite and eats woodlice, slugs, beetles, caterpillars, flies, worms and even small mice.
Small, fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue.
Larger items are grabbed with the jaws.
Having no teeth, it swallows food whole in a series of gulps.
It will try to eat any small, dark coloured, moving object it encounters at night.
A research study showed that it would snap at a moving piece of black paper as if it were prey.
It would ignore a larger moving piece.
On occasion, the common toad sheds its skin which comes away in tattered pieces.
The skin is then eaten.
He was born in Chennai on 6 May 1983 and his ancestors belonged to Samalkha in Panipat district in Haryana.
Gagan Narang is a gold medalist in the Afro Asian games, 2003 in Hyderabad on October 26, 2003 in Men's 10m air rifle competition.
Alger had his own room, a desk, and a bed at the Newsboys Lodging House.
He wandered about in slippers and an old sweater talking to the boys.
In this way, he gathered the material he needed for his stories.
In the introductions to his books, Alger asked his readers to give generously to such shelters.
Alger's publisher A.
K.
Loring of Boston, Massachusetts was a victim of this censorship effort.
The company had relied on Alger's stories to make them money, but Loring went bankrupt in 1881.
These efforts to get rid of Alger's books were defeated.
People started reading them again after his death.
People lost interest in Alger's books in the early 1920s.
His leading publisher stopped printing the books.
Anthony Bate (31 August 1927 – 19 June 2012) was an English actor.
He is possibly best known for his role as Oliver Lacon in the BBC television adaptations of the John le Carré novels Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People.
Yopparaisaba uses mackerel that was raised on sake lees.
Nanny McPhee is about a nanny called who had magic, and used it to help naughty children be good.
The family in this movie has seven children, and all of them are naughty.
Nanny McPhee taught them 5 lessons.
The first lesson was to ‘sleep when they should sleep’.
The second was to ‘get up when they are told’, the third lesson was ‘to get dress when they are told’, the fourth lesson was ‘to listen’ and the fifth and final lesson was to ‘completely obey parents' commands’.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov ( – ) was a Russian polymath, scientist and writer.
Lomonosov made important contributions to literature, education, and science.
Among his discoveries was the atmosphere of Venus.
A 4D movie is a combination of a 3D movie with things like smell and touch (physical effects).
These effects happen at the same time the movie is running.
(Note: 4D movies are not geometrically 4-dimensional).
Because these physical effects can cost a lot of money, 4D movies are usually shown only at special places, like theme parks and amusement parks.
However, in Thailand, Mexico, Hong Kong, Nepal, South Korea, India and the U.S., some movie theatres can also show 4D movies.
The movie Avatar was one of 10 movies that have been changed to 4D.
The first was Journey to the Center of the Earth.
Toon Lagoon contains mostly water rides and is themed after the cartoons found in the Sunday newspaper.
These rides include Popeye & Bluto's Bilge Rat Barges, a whitewater rapids ride, and Dudley Do-Right's Rip Saw Falls, a log flume with a 50 foot drop.
Also here is Me Ship, The Olive, a kids play area.
The Comic Strip Cafe and Wimpy's provide food here.
Anastasius was elected pope on November 24, 496.
Isaac Newton worked out that resultant force equals mass times acceleration, or in symbols, formula_1.
This can be re-arranged to give formula_2.
Pope Anastasius IV (; c.1073–3 December 1154), born Corrado di Suburra, was an Italian cleric of the Roman Catholic Church.
He was the 169th Pope from 1153 until his death in 1154.
Every pope since the 16th century is known by a different name than the one he was given at birth.
Byblos is a city located in Lebanon.
It is called Byblos by the Greeks.
The word Byblos appears in the Bible under the name Gebal.
Gebal means mountains.
The Greeks took the name of Byblos as their word for books, and from their word for books named the bible.
When he saw what a rich city Carthage was, Iarbus wanted to marry Dido.
He told her that if she did not marry him, he would make war on Carthage.
Dido did not want to marry Iarbus.
She still loved her husband .
Before her wedding to Iarbus, she built a large fire.
She told him that the fire was a ceremony to honor Acerbas.
She said that when the ceremony was finished, Iarbus would be her new husband.
Instead, she climbed onto the pyre where the fire was burning.
Then she killed herself with a sword.
After she died, the people of Carthage worshipped her as a goddess.
Carthage stayed a very rich and powerful city for 600 years.
It was destroyed by Rome in 146 BC.
Csiribpuszta's altitude is 150 meters.
A national museum is a museum that is kept by a nation.
Notepad++ is distributed as free software and licensed under the GNU General Public License.
In 1942, there was one Documentary category and four winners.
This is a list of the largest cities and towns in Papua New Guinea.
Spotted eagle rays prefer to swim in waters with the temperature of 24 to 27 °C (75 to 81 °F), and are more active during high tides.
They are shy animals and usually avoid humans, but they have been seen leaping out of the water onto boats and landing on people.
They search for their food by digging their snouts into the sand on the sea beds.
Groups of them are made up of around 6 members swimming in the same direction, at exactly the same speed.
This makes the useful alphabet 89+ letters.
These are the tone rules for vowels with different sounds.
It's like music where only the correct sound can come from the instrument.
It doesn't matter which instrument, as long as the sound follows the rules.
World #1 container port is Shanghai, China; #2 is Singapore, and #3 is Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Top U.S.
container port is South Louisiana at #9, just in front of Houston.
These rankings are by millions of tons.
He is also a mixed martial artist.
He made his MMA debut on November 5, 2016 and was knocked out by Lindsey Jones in 38 seconds.
the country.
She was the first woman president of South Korea, having taken office on February 25, 2013.
This list includes the films made by Walt Disney Animation Studios.
This does not include Disney's direct-to-video or television follow-up films produced by either Disney Television Animation or DisneyToon Studios.
Eric Anthony Roberts (born April 18, 1956) is an American movie, television, stage, and voice actor.
He is known for his roles in King of the Gypsies and Paul's Case.
He is also known for playing a Gotham Gangster Salvator Maroni in The Dark Knight.
He was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards and one Academy Award.
Lisa Roberts Gillan (born Lisa Roberts; January 1, 1965) is an American actress.
She is the sister of actors Eric Roberts and Julia Roberts, and the aunt of actress Emma Roberts.
Winters died May 11, 2013, in Montecito, California of natural causes, aged 93.
The table below is about the world Gini coefficient (not by single countries).
In 1990, Summerall vomited on an airplane after a Bears-Redskins matchup and was out for a long time.
He was replaced by Verne Lundquist who filled in for Summerall who was assigned to call the Tennis U.S.
Open.
Are You There, Chelsea?
was an NBC sitcom.
It was based on Handler's 2008 best-selling book Are You There, Vodka?It's Me, Chelsea.
The program aired from January 11 to March 28, 2012.
On May 11, 2012, the network canceled it.
Laura Prepon played the main character, Chelsea Newman, a cocktail waitress.
Handler was Chelsea's born-again Christian sister, Sloane.
Dianne Goldman Berman Feinstein ( ; born Dianne Emiel Goldman; June 22, 1933 – September 29, 2023) was an American politician.
She was the senior United States Senator from California.
She was a member of the U.S.
Democratic Party and was in Senate since November 4, 1992.
She was also the 38th Mayor in San Francisco from 1978 to 1988.
Nantz has been honored with the NSSA’s National Sportscaster of the Year award five times (1998, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009).
He does NFL games for Fox and also called NHL games for Fox.
He also called BCS games on Fox, mainly the Sugar Bowl and Orange Bowl and the 2011 Cotton Bowl Classic.
Albert also works on occasional Major League Baseball games on Fox and does the same role when MLB television was picked up by Fox Sports 1.
Criqui's duties include occasional television coverage of National Football League games, women's and men's college basketball, occasional college football and radio play-by-play of ISP Sports' coverage of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football.
Since 1995, he has been the voice of the New England Patriots pre-season football with Randy Cross.
Josh Lewin (born October 25, 1968) is an American sportscaster currently calling games for the New York Mets and formally with the Texas Rangers with Tom Grieve.
Bahadur Shah became the Mughal Emperor after his father's death on 28 September 1837.
Bahadur Shah ruled over a Mughal Empire that barely extended beyond Delhi's Red Fort.
The music was composed by Nadeem-Shravan.
Plannet Bollywood ranks the movie soundtracks at 56 in its all time top 100 Greatest Bollywood soundtracks.
The purpose of the Witenagemot was to give an opinion about the administration and the organisation of the kingdom.
They talked about how law should develop.
They elected or confirmed the king.
The Witenagemot also had the power to depose a king.
This happened when they deposed Sigeberht of Wessex in 755.
They also deposed Æthelwald Moll of Northumbria in 765.
Madhuri Dixit (born 15 May 1967) is an Indian actress who appear in Bollywood movies.
Sadretdinova was presenter of the television program Islam on the satellite channel AST from 1999 to 2001.
In 2002, she became the TV presenter of the television program Muslims on the Information and entertainment channels.
In March 2008, Sadretdinova was the guest of honor at the Al Jazeera International Documentary Film Festival in Qatar.
She has been the guest of honor and presenter of the Kazan International Festival of Muslim Cinema two times.
Sadretdinova has also be a part of the International Media Forum Interaction in the common interest in the Republic of Adygea.
In October 2010, she was a part of the All Russian female Islamic Conference Women will save the world in the Chechen Republic.
Geoffrey Bannister (born 1946, Manchester, England) was an English-American educator and geographer.
He is the fourth president of Hawai'i Pacific University.
His goals for the university were to expand the graduate program research as well as building connections with other universities around the world.
The town was founded in 1886.
It became the county seat one year later in 1887.
Only movies produced after January 1, 2011 will be accepted for the Competition programs, preference in Competition programs is given to the world and International premieres.
Ángel Maria Herrera (born December 3, 1859 - May 2, 1948), was an Panamanian educator.
Zavarce has also been featured in Nickelodeon's highly successful Julie e os Fantasmas series (2012).
González was born Sixto A.
González Edick in Bayamon, Puerto Rico.
Soon after his birth his family moved to the city of Yabucoa.
He went to school in Humacao.
As a child, he would take things apart and put them back together again.
From that he developed a curiosity about the world around him.
He graduated with honors (very good grades) from high school.
Beatrice Rosen, also credited as Béatrice Rosen and Béatrice Rosenblatt, (born November 29, 1977) is an American-French actress.
Martinez was part of the team that launched a rocket from White Sands, New Mexico to gather information on the Hale-Bopp Comet, a comet.
She is responsible for providing, giving electrical engineering support to Code 870 Space Experiment Module (SEM) program.
She is also responsible for the testing of ground and flight hardware.
Martinez works with students around the world, helping them with science experiments that will actually ride along on Space Shuttle missions and blast into space.
In addition to his science publications, Lopez co-wrote the book Storms from the Sun: The Emerging Science of Space Weather;.
He wrote the book with Michael J.
Carlowicz.
It was published in 2002.
Musburger's career began during the 1970s and later would announce formally with CBS until 1990.
He currently works for ABC Sports and ESPN.
Gil Santos (born April 19, 1940 – April 19, 2018) is a longtime sportscaster and is the current voice of the New England Patriots.
He was paired with Gino Cappeletti for every season except the 2001 season when he was hospitalized badly due to illness and replaced by Pete Brock for the first eight games.
Capalleti would retire after the 2011 NFL season and was replaced by Scott Zolak as color commentator.
He also called games for the Boston Celtics, Boston College Eagles football, Providence Friars basketball, Portland Breakers, and Penn State Nittany Lions football.
He is member of PDSR in 30 April 1996.
Howard David is a longtime sportscaster.
He was most recently with the NFL on Westwood One until 2012.
He called NBA games for the New Jersey Nets, Milwaukee Bucks, and the Boston Celtics.
David called NFL games for the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins.
He called football and basketball for the New York Cosmos and the Princeton Tigers.
He called college bowling, college football and college basketball for Mizlou Television.
For CBS Radio, he called play-by-play for the NFL on CBS Radio and MLB on CBS Radio.
He replaced Jack Buck as lead play-by-play for the NFL on Westwood One until 2002.
David returned to Westwood One until 2012.
David also called NBA games for ESPN Radio.
He is the play-by-play announcer for the UFL on CBS Sports Network and was the play-by-play voice for the NFL on Sports USA.
René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle, or Robert de La Salle (November 21, 1643 – March 19, 1687) was a French explorer.
He explored the Great Lakes region of the United States and Canada, the Mississippi River, and the Gulf of Mexico.
La Salle claimed the entire Mississippi River basin for France.
Gayle Gardner is a retired sportscaster who worked with ESPN and NBC.
Ages stated are at the time of the contest.
See Bear Mountain (Alaska) for 10 peaks in Alaska.
See Bear Mountain (California) for 14 peaks in California.
See Bear Mountain (Colorado) for 10 peaks in Colorado.
See Bear Mountain (Maine) for 11 peaks in Maine.
See Bear Mountain (New York) for 11 peaks in New York.
See Bear Mountain (Washington) for 9 peaks in Washington.
Thutmose I was buried in a tomb now called KV20 dug high into the cliffs of the Valley of the Kings.
His daughter Hatshepsut had the tomb made bigger, with a room big enough for both of their stone coffins (sarcophagus).
His grandson, Thutmose III had him reburied in KV38.
KV20 was rediscovered during the Napoleonic expedition of 1799.
In 1844, the Prussian scholar Karl Richard Lepsius had explored its upper passage.
However, many passageways were blocked by rocks, stones and other rubbish brought in during floods.
In 1903-1904 Howard Carter, after two years of hard work, was able to clear the passages and enter the double burial chamber.
He found broken pottery and shattered stone vessels from the burial chamber and lower passages.
He found parts of two vases made for Queen Ahmose Nefertari, which were part of the original funerary equipment of Thutmose I.
On one vase was written that Thutmose II [made it] as his monument to his father.
Other vessels which had the names and titles of Thutmose I had also been inscribed by his son and successor, Thutmose II.
There were parts of stone vessels made for Hatshepsut before she herself became king which had her royal name of 'Maatkare'.
Jasminum officinale is the common Jasmine.
It is in the family Oleaceae.
In development, embryonic stem cells can turn into any tissue.
Fibroblasts in the skin are one type of cell.
On October 7, 1914, she married Joseph P.
Kennedy, Sr..
Nansen studied zoology at the Royal Frederick University, and later worked as a curator at the Bergen Museum where his research on the central nervous system of lower marine creatures earned him a doctorate and helped establish modern theories of neurology.
After 1896 his main scientific interest switched to oceanography; in the course of his research he made many scientific cruises, mainly in the North Atlantic, and contributed to the development of modern oceanographic equipment.
As one of his country's leading citizens, in 1905 Nansen spoke out for the ending of Norway's union with Sweden, and was instrumental in persuading Prince Charles of Denmark to accept the throne of the newly independent Norway.
Between 1906 and 1908 he served as the Norwegian representative in London, where he helped negotiate the Integrity Treaty that guaranteed Norway's independent status.
In early 2021 Kardashian has been in a relationship with Travis Barker, a musician.
In hydrology, the Gumbel distribution is used to analyze such variables as monthly and annual maximum values of daily rainfall and river discharge volumes, and also to describe droughts.
Anomalocaris lived in the sea, like most of the plants (which were really small algae in the Cambrian) and animals during this time period.
The school sets out to provide a relaxed and constructive atmosphere, in which pupils are encouraged to develop their individual talents.
Since it is school, boys and girls are jointly involved in most aspects of school life.
We have no doubt that co-education is a fitting preparation for life.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis can occupy different environments.
However, they grow so slowly that their time exceeds 18 hours.
Surprisingly, mycobacterium leprae have the longest doubling time of all bacteria.
In comparison, bacteria E.
coli only takes as short as 20 minutes to double.
On March 11, 2011, the city was devastated by a tsunami caused by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.
At least 401 lives were lost.
In May 2012 David Trumble, an award-winning artist, made a cartoon of Yousafzai as a Disney princess as part of a drawing of other feminist icons that he had made into princesses that was in the Huffington Post.
A vaporizer or vapouriser is a device used to extract the active ingredients of plant material so that they can be breathed.
It is often used for cannabis, tobacco, or other herbs such as chamomile.
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking.
It doesn't make smoke or other cancer-causing by-products.
It does that by heating the material so that the active compounds boil into a vapor.
Nothing actually burns, so there is no smoke or taste of smoke.
Vapor ideally contains almost no particulate matter or tar, and much less noxious gas such as carbon monoxide.
The vapor can be collected in a jar or inflatable bag, or inhaled directly.
Anfinsen shared the 1972 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for his work on the structure of the enzyme ribonuclease A.
The dogma suggests that, in the conditions at which folding occurs, the native structure is a unique and stable state.
Vanessa Hessler (Rome, January 21, 1988) is an American-Italian model and actress.
The prize was shared with Howard Temin and David Baltimore.
Leopard geckos are around 7-9 inches (17.8-22.9 cm avg female)& (20-28 avg male) long, with large heads, big eyes with oval-shaped pupils, thin toes, and, unlike other reptiles, they have eyelids.
They have thick tails that narrow to a point and, like their bodies and heads, are slightly flattened from top to bottom.
Most of their scales are small and rough.
Spaced rows of larger, bumpy scales give them a knobby, rough look, but they are actually soft when touched.
The leopard gecko is found in dry rocky regions, dry grasslands and deserts of southern Central Asia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northwest India, and parts of Iran.
In the wild, leopard geckos feed mainly on insects, centipedes, spiders, snails, small lizards, birds, and bird eggs.
In captivity they feed on mealworms, crickets, and sometimes baby mice.
This is a table of the seventeen rare earth elements, their atomic number and symbol, the origin of their names, and some of their uses.
Some of the rare earths are named after the scientists who discovered them, and some are named based on where they were discovered.
Herman Bing (March 30, 1889 – January 9, 1947) was a German-American character actor and voice actor.
He was the brother of Gus Bing (1893–1967).
Khan Bahadur Captain (retd) Sardar Sir Sikandar Hayat Khan, KBE, (born 1892 - died 1942) was an important Punjabi statesman and popular leader.
He was Governor and then Premier of this province in British India.
Its fur color can change over time.
This is affected by its age and other factors.
Whatever their origins, the Ghebas continue to be among the biggest landowners of northern Punjab, in present-day Pakistan.
Popular villages of Gheba Sardars in Fateh jang are , Tajabara,Majia,jeendhar, Asthaal, Malal, Dhurnal, Dhari-Rai-Ditt and Shehr Rai-Sadullah-Khan ,khunda and Dehdar.
several other villages that Ghebas own as landlord ,the arians are living in those villages as a tenents.
The Jodhra are a North Punjabi Rajput tribe who are located in Punjab's district of Attock, they are densely populated in Tehsil Pindi Gheb.
Jodhra Rajputs are closely allied with the Ghebas,Khans of Makhad.
The Jodhra tribe converted to Islam in the hand of Mahmud of Ghazni, they came to Attock in the end 16th Century and got their hands on much of the land of north Punjab mainly the 'illaquas' of Sohan, Sill, Talagang and Chakwal.
The Jodhra were independent Chiefs keeping up a large body of armed retainers.
They saw their peak in the times of Malik Aulia Khan after which owing to family feuds and other causes the tribe has lost much of its original prosperity.
kamrial family has a long history dated centuries back to the times of mughal & british empire, known for their valour.
kamrial family comprises of people of kamrial mostly landlords businessmen and politicians their land ownership have a stretch of 13 villages which got squeezed after land reforms during ayub khan's martial law.
kamrial family is headed by its powerful leaders but in the political arena they are mainly headed by two brothers Malik ahmed khan and Malik lal khan, Both esteemed businessmen.
Malik lal also served in national assembly of pakistan twice and held the office as Parliamentary secretary, his son malik sohail khan is currently MNA from PML-N and ex vice chairman of district attock.
Elder son of malik ahmed, malik sajjad khan kamrial is also getting alot of traction in public as an emerging brave face of PTI in attock, younger brother of sajjad; Malik Shabbar khan is Malik Ahmed Khan's younger son who is currently the deputy Chief of 'Citizen Police Liaison Committee'.
Amir Ahmed Khan, Raja Sahib of Mahmudabad (5 November 1914 – 14 October 1973) was a prominent politician and leader of the All India Muslim League, during the Pakistan Movement.
He was against the partition of India.
When the Muslim League passed the resolution at Lahore for a separate Pakistan, he stood against it and formed All India Jamhur Muslim League to counter the move.
The first session of this party was held at Muzaffarpur, Bihar.
Raja Saheb was elected its President and Dr.
Maghfoor Ahmad Ajazi as General Secretary.
This book was copied in regnal year 33, month 4 of Akhet, under the majesty of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt, Awserre, given life, from an ancient copy made in the time of the King of Upper and Lower Egypt Nimaatre ()?.
The scribe Ahmose writes this copy.
An aldehyde () is an organic compound.
It contains a formyl group.
A formyl group is a part of a molecule with the structure R-CHO.
It is made of a carbon double bonded to oxygen.
The carbon is also bonded to hydrogen and an R group.
A side chain is the rest of the molecule.
When the tropical depression formed, it was in an area of weak steering currents.
This was located south of a ridge extending eastward from the Gulf of Mexico.
The system was in an area favorable for strengthening.
Late on October 22, a Hurricane Hunters flight found winds of in a rainband.
This made NHC to upgrade the depression to Tropical Storm Sandy.
Because of the moist atmosphere, the storm got better organized.
Early on October 24, an eye began to develop.
By that time, Sandy was moving slowly northward.
At 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC) on October 24, the NHC upgraded Sandy to hurricane status.
This was because the Hurricane Hunters found winds of .
At the time, Sandy was located about south of Kingston, Jamaica.
He continued to be a respected writer until his death, and had many friends in the world of literature, including another poet, Edmund Blunden, whom he had met during the 1920s.
In 1951, he was awarded the CBE and in 1957 the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry.
The very widespread genus Impatiens gets its common name, touch-me-not, from its seed capsules.
When the capsules mature, they explode when touched, shooting seeds several metres away.
In the early 1980s, Jim Henson also formed Jim Henson's Creature Shop.
It made characters for shows such as The Storyteller, Farscape, and Dinosaurs; and movies such as The Dark Crystal and Labyrinth.
St.
Luke's Church, Abbottabad is an Anglican church dedicated to St.
Luke, now under the jurisdiction of the Peshawar Diocese of the Church of Pakistan.
It was originally founded in the town of Abbottabad, British India, in 1864.
Two films were made of his life and work.
They are available on DVD called Andrés Segovia in Portrait.
His final RCA LP record (ARL1-1602), Reveries, was recorded in Madrid in June 1977.
The Pelecaniformes is a order of medium-sized and large waterbirds.
They are found worldwide.
As traditionally—but wrongly—defined, they include all birds that have feet with four toes which are all webbed.
Usa jingū was designated as the chief Shinto shrine (ichinomiya) for the old Buzen Province.
It serves today as one of the ichinomiya of Oita and Fukuoka Prefectures.
Reynolds starred as Detective Pikachu in the 2019 movie .
The traditional event that takes place every year is the Ameisai (school festival), the athletic meet, where the student of the executive committee plays a key role and administration is accomplished.
In Ameisai, a bell is rung in the early morning festival to be carried out after opening it to the public of the second day (general secrecy) and is carried out grandly.
The athletic meet is the large part of the event where each student’s creativity and student participation come into play.
These events consist of band and team dance, relay races, group competition (such as making unique headgear to use while competing in these relay races and dances).
While the club activities opposition game is carried out, there is a tradition such as wearing a class T-shirt on the occasion of a competition.
In addition to indicating the byte order, a BOM can also be used as a file signature to identify the encoding of a text file.
The UTF-8 file signature (commonly also referred to as a BOM) identifies the encoding format rather than the byte order of the document.
UTF-8 is a linear sequence of bytes (not a sequence of 2-byte or 4-byte units where the byte order is important as in UTF-16 and UTF-32).
The following table shows the byte-order marks for various encodings.
In 2007, The North Carolina government pass a law called NC House Bill 433 and now the festival is officially theOfficial Food Festival of the Piedmont Triad Region of the State of North Carolina.
Hazrat Sheikh Farīd-ud-dīn Mas'ūd Ganj Shakar (4 April, 1179 – 7 May, 1266), commonly known as Baba Farid Ganjshakar (Punjabi, lit: 'Treasury of Sugar/Sweetness'), was a renowned Sufi preacher, mystic poet and saint of the Chishti Order of South-central Asia.
A t-test is a statistical hypothesis test.
People use it when they want to compare a mean (average) of a measurement from one group A to some theoretical, expected value.
People also use it when they want to compare the mean (average) of a measurement of two groups A and B.
They want to decide if the mean in group A is different to the theoretical value or to the mean in group B.
For example, pretend there are two groups of people.
One group exercises a lot and the other doesn't.
Do the people who exercise tend to live longer than those who don't?Then the property of interest is the average life time.
Is the average life time of people who exercise different to the average life time of people who don't?A t-test can help answer this question.
The Maken are a caste, or clan of Jat origin and are claimed to ancest from Jats.
They are mostly settled in the Sargodha District of the Punjab (Pakistan).
Donald Allan Don Dunstan AC, QC (21 September 1926 – 6 February 1999) was a South Australian politician.
He was the leader of the state's Labor Party from 1967, and was Premier of South Australia between June 1967 and April 1968, and again between June 1970 and February 1979.
Kashan is a city in Iran.
It is near Isfahan, about from Tehran.
The city is known for its textiles.
In the Middle Ages, it was also known for ceramics.
As of 2012, about 275,000 people live in the city, about 317,000 in its metropolitan area.
The city is along the road from Qom to Kerman.
Kashan is located at the edge of a desert, along the first oasis.
The city has a desert climate, with hot summers, and cold winters.
There is a university in the city, which offers higher education in medicine.
Military science has some branches below.
BPVC is the most common cause of dizziness in children who do not have hearing loss or a diagnosed ear disease.
It is a common problem that happens to about 2.6% of children (26 out of 1,000 children).
Menstrual migraine attacks usually last longer than other migraine attacks, and short-term treatments do not work as well with menstrual migraine as they do in other kinds of migraine.
They are usually migraines without aura, but in 2012 a case of menstrual migraine with aura was reported, so it is possible.
Auras are a kind of condition which affect certain parts of the brain, usually the parts that control vision but they can also affect the parts of the brain which control the other senses like touch, motor control (moving parts of the body) and the parts of the brain that control speech.
In order to keep track of what time of the month the migraines happen it is helpful to use a headache diary.
A person uses the headache diary to write down information about their headaches, like when they started, what kind of symptoms they had and how bad the pain was etc.
Logue died in London, England on 12 April 1953, aged 73 from natural causes.
His funeral was held on 17 April 1953 in Holy Trinity, Brompton before his body was cremated.
Gabriel Contino better known as Gabriel o Pensador is a Brazilian rapper.
He was born in Rio de Janeiro (city), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on March 4, 1974.
The Euplerids are a clade.
They are descendents of ancestors which rafted over from Africa about 20 million years ago (mya).
They are closely related to mongooses.
The fossa and the Malagasy civet (Fossa fossana) are believed to be the most ancient surviving species in this group.
Keene died on February 24, 2019 in Tokyo from heart failure, aged 96.
Benque Viejo del Carmen (usually shortened to Benque) is a town in the country of Belize.
It is in the Cayo District.
The northern edge of the town is along the Mopan River.
The river also forms the border with Guatemala.
Benque Viejo is a growing town rich with culture and activities.
It is a short 5 minute walk to the famous Xunantunich ruins.
It also is home to Actun Chapat, a large underground cave system, popular with tourists.
An addition of a new Municipal market in Sept 6 2014 .
A new hotel the Benque Resort.
The addition of Tropic Air extending flights to Maya Flats, has increased the interest and visitors to Benque.
Benque is experiencing a growing expat population of retirees, as it was voted cleanest and safest town in Belize.
Kuki City absorbed the town known as Shobu on 23 March 2010.
Kuki City is formed by the Minami Saitama District and includes the towns of Kurihashi and Washiyama, both from the Kitakatsushika District.
There is one other form of tourism in Kuki, Saitama that is as popular as other parts of Japan.
That is visiting the various shrines in Kuki, Saitama to say your prayers to loved ones and family who have passed, ward off evil spirits, to wish for good luck in school, family, work and life in general.
There is one shrine in particular that has gained fame over the years from Japanese and foreign tourists alike.
This is the Washinomiya Shrine (formerly Washimiya Shrine).
The oldest known record of this shrine can be found in the Azuma Kagami, which is the official historical record for the Kamakura Shogun.
The Imperial family and even Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu had once occupied and helped make this shrine famous.
The Washinomiya Shrine also holds many folk-art and culture events, including the famous Saibara-Kagura Festival.
The traditional dance was handed down through generations and has been designated as a national folk-art and culture asset.
The shrine also houses several ancient relics which are on display all the time for the public to view.
Kuki has a famous festival that runs from July 12th - July 18th.
Seven floats are paid out from 7 towns and each one is decorated as a doll of the person who took a subject out of myths with too many things on a festival car and it is pulled a town and is turned in the daytime.
It changes quickly to the lantern festival car which a doll is removed, and displayed 500 lanterns on the all sides of the festival car at night.
The organisation was founded in 1964 as the River Niger Commission.
On 21 November 1980, it was refounded as the Niger Basin Authority.
The Fens include the churches and cathedrals of Ely, Ramsey, Crowland, Thorney and Peterborough.
In 1939, Funakoshi established the first Shotokan dojo.
To exercise you must wear a karate uniform and a belt that tells what your level of experience is.
Karate is beneficial to maintain good physical and mental shape.
First, this discipline allows us to maintain good muscle tone.
This is good for succeed as the strikes in karate take strength.
India census, Palin has a population of 11251.
The city has an estimated population of 153,392 (as of 1 June 2012) and the density of 1,270.8 people per km².
Borgou is one of the twelve departments of Benin.
Borgou borders the country of Nigeria.
The capital of Borgou is Parakou.
The total area is 25,310 km.².
A clay tablet is a more or less flat surface made of clay.
Using a stylus, symbols were pressed into the soft clay.
It is possible to correct errors on the tablet.
The tablet was then baked until dry and hard, either by leaving it out in the sun, or in a fire.
Sun-baked tablets could be moistened and recycled.
The ones that survived thousands of years were baked in fire.
The chessmen were probably made in Norway, perhaps by craftsmen in Trondheim, in the 12th century, although some scholars have suggested other sources in the Nordic countries.
Tent pegging (sometimes spelled 'tentpegging' or 'tent-pegging') is a cavalry or equestrian sport of ancient origin.
Leavenworth is in the northeastern part of Kansas.
U.S.
Route 73 and Kansas Highway 92 (K-92) intersect (cross) at the city.
It is about northwest of Kansas City, Missouri.
Omaha, Nebraska is to the northeast.
Wichita, Kansas is to the southwest.
Valonia ventricosa usually grow alone, but sometimes they grow in groups.
They appear in the littoral zones and continental shelf of tropical and subtropical areas, like the Caribbean, north to Florida, south to Brazil, and in the Indo-Pacific.
Overall, they inhabit most oceans in the world, often living in broken coral.
In Pakistan, the Warraich are mostly found in the districts of Gujrat and Gujranwala.
They also live in Lahore, Multan, Bahawalpur, Dunyapur Tehsil of Lodhran, Faisalabad , Chichawatni and Sargodha.
Mia Wasikowska (born 14 October 1989) is an Australian movie, television, and voice actress who is mostly known for her role as Alice in Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland.
She is also known for her television role as Sophie in In Treatment.
Fredrik Bajer (April 21, 1837 – January 22, 1922) was a Danish writer, teacher, and pacifist politician.
He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1908.
Bajer was born on April 21, 1837 in Vester Egede, Denmark.
He fought in the 1864 war against Prussia and Austria where he was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant.
He was discharged in 1865, and moved to Copenhagen where he became a teacher, translator and writer.
He entered the Danish Parliament in 1872 as a member of Folketinget and held a seat there for the following 23 years.
As a member of parliament, he worked for the use of international arbitration to solve conflicts among nations, and it is due to Bajer's efforts that foreign relations became part of the work of the Danish Parliament and that Denmark participated in the Inter-Parliamentary Union from the beginning and earned a distinguished position among its members.
In 1902, Gobat jointly received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1902 with Élie Ducommun for their leadership of the Permanent International Peace Bureau.
Élie Ducommun (19 February 1833 – 7 December 1906) was a Swiss peace activist.
He won the 1902 Nobel Peace Prize, which he shared with Charles Albert Gobat.
Ducommun was born in Geneva Switzerland on December 19, 1833.
Ducommun worked as a tutor, language teacher, journalist and a translator for the Swiss federal Chancellery (1869–1873).
In 1867, he helped to found the (League for Peace and Liberty), though he continued working at other positions, including secretary for the Jura-Simplon Steel Company from 1873 to 1891.
That year, he was appointed director of the newly formed (International Peace Office), the first non-governmental international peace organization, based in Bern.
He refused to accept a salary for the position, stating that he wished to serve in this capacity solely for reasons of idealism.
This is a brief summary displaying all the airdates by month for the entire Total Drama series throughout the years.
In almost every episode, there is an elimination.
The tables below display all the ranks and eliminations of all the contestants throughout the entire series.
Leahy was born in Montpelier, Vermont, the son of Alba (née Zambon) and Howard Francis Leahy, a printer.
His grandparents came to Vermont from Ireland and Italy during the 19th century to work at quarries.
Grenville took five ships to Roanoke: the Tiger, Roebuck, Red Lion, Elizabeth, and Dorothy.
They left from Plymouth on 9 April 1585.
There was a big storm that made the Tiger get separated from the other ships.
The captains of the ships had a plan that if the ships got separated, they would all go to Puerto Rico to meet up again.
The Tiger arrived at the Baye of Muskito (Guayanilla Bay) on 11 May 1585.
The Loop or Chicago Loop is one of 77 officially designated community areas in the City of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
It is the historic commercial center of downtown Chicago.
It is the seat of government for Chicago and Cook County, as well as the historic theater and shopping district.
As established in social research done by the University of Chicago in the 1920s, the Loop is a defined community area of Chicago.
The name comes from the eleveated train tracks that form a loop.
Chicago's central business district community area is bounded on the west and north by the Chicago River, on the east by Lake Michigan, and on the south by Roosevelt Road.
But the commercial core has grown into adjacent community areas.
The community area includes Grant Park and one of the largest art museums in the United States, the Art Institute of Chicago.
Other major cultural institutions here include the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Lyric Opera of Chicago, the Goodman Theatre, the Joffrey Ballet, the Cloud Gate, the Willis Tower, the Chicago Board of Trade Building, the central public Harold Washington Library, and the Chicago Cultural Center.
Jahangir was the eldest son of Mughal Emperor Akbar the Great.
He was married to Queen Nur Jahan ('Light of the World') and was much under her influence.
she handled court matters and coins were issued in her name.
He is especially well-known because of his memoirs, the Naam-i-Jahangiri (also called the Jahangir-name by some).
His eldest son was Shah Jahan.
Prince Khurram rebelled in the last years of his reign.
The efforts of Nur Jahan, Jahangir's wife, to marginalize him were unsuccessful.
Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Senator Edmund S.
Muskie of Maine, were nominated for president and vice president.
The convention was held during a year of violence, political turbulence, and civil unrest, particularly riots in more than 100 cities following the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr.
on April 4.
The convention also followed the assassination of Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Robert F.
Kennedy of New York, who had been murdered on June 5.
Both Kennedy and Senator Eugene McCarthy of Minnesota had been running against the eventual Democratic presidential nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey.
Another candidate was Senator of South Dakota George McGovern.
Clausey was born May 16, 1875 in San Francisco, California.
He joined the navy where he was stationed aboard the USS Bennington as a chief gunner's mate.
On July 21, 1905 one of the USS Bennington’s boilers exploded while it was in San Diego, California.
Because of his actions he received the Medal January 5, 1906.
If this method is used correctly, it is impossible to decrypt or break the encryption without the key.
Failure to make and share random keys has led to successful cryptanalysis, as in the Venona project.
The Golden everlasting had been introduced to farming in England by 1791.
German horticulturist Herren Ebritsch obtained material and developed it at his nursery in Arnstadt near Erfurt in Germany.
He bred and sold varieties of many colors from bronze to white to purple, which spread across Europe in the 1850s.
The bracts of these early forms tended to remain cupped around the flower head rather than flatten out like the native Australian forms.
These were also annual rather than perennial forms.
Many were given names such as 'atrococcineum' (dark scarlet flower heads), 'atrosanguineum' (dark blood-red flower heads), 'aureum' (golden yellow flower heads), 'bicolor' (red-tipped yellow flower heads), 'compositum' (large multicolored flower heads), 'macranthum' (large rose-edged white flower heads), and 'monstrosum' (flower heads with many bracts), although today they are generally sold in mixed seed for growing as annuals.
Some colored forms of South African Helichrysum are thought to have been introduced to the breeding program, which resulted in the huge array of colors.
The Golden everlasting was one of several species that became popular with European royalty and nobility from the early 19th century, yet were little noticed in Australia until the 1860s, when they became more prominent in Australian gardens.
Bracts subtend the cone scales in the seed cones of many conifers, and in some cases, such as Pseudotsuga, they extend beyond the cone scales.
is the Japanese term for the bows used in kyūdō.
People wear special clothes called Kyūdōgi when they practice kyudo or play a game.
Then in 2007, they formed the band again, but changed the name to Guckkasten, a German word for Chinese-style kaleidoscope.
A year later, in 2008, Kim Ki-bum joined the band.
Taw, tav, or taf is the twenty-second and last letter of the Semitic abjads, including Phoenician Tāw , Hebrew Tav , Aramaic Taw , Syriac Taw ܬ, and Arabic ت Tāʼ (22nd in abjadi order, 3rd in modern order).
In Arabic, it is also gives rise to the derived letter Ṯāʼ.
Its original sound value is .
Park Jong Chan who made this online community was elected the student president in 2011.
His well-known name because of making Ko-pas helped him to be elected.
Many students are so familiar in this homepage and it makes students remember his name easily.
Mihailo Mika Živanović - Žuti (Yellow) was born in Prota Mateja street in Belgrade in 1928.
He attended the Third Male Grammar School and Secondary Music School Stankovic, the piano department.
He then enrolled at the Faculty of Sciences in Belgrade, department of chemistry, and left it for the music before graduation.
At the age of eighteen, inspired by the music of Glenn Miller and Woody Herman Orchestra, he made a firm decision to devote his life to the clarinet and music and graduated the clarinet from Secondary Music School “Slavenski in the class of professor Franjo Partlić.
Mihailo Živanović was a great composer.
He wrote children’s and stage music, popular songs, pop songs, and concert music, as well as numerous compositions and arrangements for the Yugoslav radio and TV stations.
Until then, only foreign jazz music was played by Belgrade jazz orchestras.
Živanović was one of the first jazz musicians who began to compose modern domestic jazz, and which he engaged in with a great enthusiasm.
Živanović enriched Yugoslav light and jazz music with his activity.
His works have been recorded in the history of Yugoslav jazz culture.
At a time when engaged in the instrument, he was known as one of the most inventive and best soloist on the clarinet and baritone saxophone.
He performed in concerts at home and abroad with a great success (Germany, Austria, Romania, USA).
As a soloist, he represented his country at the Berlin concert in the series “Music knows no boundaries.
William Makepeace Thackeray (18 July 1811 – 24 December 1863) was an English writer.
He is most famous for his novel, Vanity Fair.
The title is from a place in Pilgrim's Progress.
Rebecca [ ri-bek-uh ] is a female name.
It is the name of Isaac's wife in the Book of Genesis.
(Chapter 24).
Rebecca is a moniker that has enjoyed widespread popularity for centuries and boasts a fascinating backstory and significance.
Its Hebrew roots give it the meaning of to tie, to bind, to snare, stemming from the term Ribqah, which signifies to bind firmly.
Additionally, the name is linked to the biblical figure of Rebecca, who was Isaac's spouse and the mother of Jacob and Esau.
It is a popular name for girls in English speaking countries.
Nicknames include Becky, Becca, Beck, And Bex/Becks.
Shizuya Hayashi (November 28, 1917-March 12, 2008) was a United States Army soldier.
He received the Medal of Honor because of his actions in World War II.
In the future days, which we seek to make secure, we look forward to a world founded upon four essential human freedoms.
Francis Cornwall Sherman (September 18, 1805 – November 7, 1870) served as Mayor of Chicago two terms (1841–1842, 1862–1865) for the Democratic Party.
Sherman was born on September 18, 1805 in Newton, Connecticut.
He was a brick manufacturer and made the bricks for Archibald Clybourne's mansion.
In July 1835, he was elected a village trustee.
In 1837, he opened the City Hotel, later the Sherman House.
He continued to work as a contractor and builder, eventually serving as mayor of Chicago three times.
Dabotap is well known for its feminine and sophisticated beauty.
Its height is 10.4m and it is representative of Korea's unique pagodas.
The Vibra-Slap was the first patent granted to the instrument manufacturing company Latin Percussion.
Each year, SIFE competitions are held worldwide, so called World Cup, with thousands of students and business leaders.
Teams present their projects to judges who evaluate those projects and determine which teams had the most impact improving the quality of life and standard of living for members of their community.
A hygrometer is a meteorological instrument that is used to measure the humidity of the air.
A common way these devices work is by using a material that attracts moisture.
This material changes depending on how hydrated it is.
The people applying must have at least one valid score among the various English competency tests: TOEIC, TEPS, TOEFL (PBT or IBT), G-TELP Level 2, FLEX.
The Department of Defense has set cut-off points for each of these tests, which have changed over time.
After the department finishes recruiting applicants, it randomly picks KATUSA soldiers for the next year who meet all the standards required.
It announces the names of applicants who got accepted to be KATUSA on November of the same year.
The circuit is useful in audio amplifiers or in a probe that measures very small current that goes through water.
The town had to recover from a very large fire in 1888.
Van Lennep was born in Amsterdam on 20 January 1915, as a son of Louis Henri van Lennep and Catharina Hildegonda Enschede.
He studied law from 1932 to 1937 at the Municipal University of Amsterdam.
This election occurred during the Watergate scandal, which ultimately caused Nixon to resign in 1974.
The Association of Canonical Administrators of Penola Catholic College is governed and conducted by the Parish Priests of the Member Parishes.
The grounds and facilities on both campuses have undergone significant transformations since the college was established in 1995.
Socrates says that virtue is more important than rhetoric.
Rhetoric should depend on philosophy.
Philosophy is an art, but rhetoric is just a skill.
A concert band can be divided into four groups; Professional bands, Military bands, School bands, and Community bands.
Except for the professional bands, others are named for the location where the performers play.
A concert band in the military is called a military band.
Because the repertoires are dynamic and active, concert bands usually perform in the army.
Not only the military bands but also marching bands with brass often used for marching there.
JYJ promoted their new album, The beginning, through the worldwide showcase tour in South Korea, Southes Asia, and the United States.
In the spring of 2011, JYJ performed their first Worldwide concert Tours that were held in Thailand, Taiwan, China, Canada, and the United States.
They finished their fist Worldwide concert tours with performing two special encore concerts in South Korea on June.
In September, JYJ released their first Korean studio album entitled In Heaven.
On February 23, JYJ released a 90-minute film titled The Day.
It is a documentary film featuring their daily lives and dreams and a kind of fan events.
Wakeboarding is a water sport that involves riding a wakeboard over the surface of a body of water.
The rider is usually towed behind a motorboat.
This sport, that appeared in the beginning of the eighties, has been inspired by surfing, water skiing and snowboarding.
CouchSurfing International Inc.
is a company based in San Francisco that provides hospitality social networking.
Travellers using the service stay at a host's house, where they sleep on a couch (sofa) or a mattress on the floor.
The service is intended to be free of charge; the host does not ask for money from the guest.
CouchSurfing is intended to be a cultural exchange program, where the host shows the visitor around their town or local place, and the guest delivers his or her own country's culture.
Ranking and consensus have been the subject of research for 200+ years.
Jääsjärvi is a large lake in Finland.
It covers .
It has many islands.
The largest ones are Vehkasalo, Hirtesalo, Kotisalo, Ohrasaari, Urrionsaari and Nautsalo.
The females are up to and the males .
They are between high.
At birth, they weigh from .
The Mongols under Kublai Khan attempted to invade Japan.
On 19 November 1274 (Bun'ei 11, 20th day of the 10th month), Kublai Khan's army landed near Fukuoka in Kyūshū.
The invaders retreated to Korea.
This was called Bun'ei War (Bunei no eki).
There was a second invasion attempt by Mongol forces in 1281 (Kōan 4).
This was called the Kōan War (Kōan no eki).
When he came back in 1945 he discovered that nothing had changed in the American society.
When he stepped out of his plane, the first sign he saw demanded ′Colored Troops to the Right, White Troops to the Left′.
Archer stayed in the army until 1970.
At that moment he was a Lieutenant Colonel.
Karimganj District () is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India.
The district headquarters are in Karimganj.
It is claimed by the peoples of Bangladesh as part of their Sylhet Division.
It was constructed in 1794.
It was later launched in 1797, Constitution was one of six original frigates authorized for construction by the Naval Act of 1794 and the third constructed.
Joshua Humphreys designed the frigates to be the young Navy's capital ships, and so Constitution and her sisters were larger and more heavily armed and built than standard frigates of the period.
Built in Boston, Massachusetts, at Edmund Hartt's shipyard, her first duties with the newly formed United States Navy were to provide protection for American merchant shipping during the Quasi-War with France and to defeat the Barbary pirates in the First Barbary War.
Coretta Scott King (April 27, 1927 – January 30, 2006) was an American author, activist, and civil rights leader.
She was the widow of Martin Luther King, Jr..
Scott King helped lead the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s.
In 1949, Vaughan was awarded the Albert Medal because she saved a Boy Scout and his leader from a rough sea off the coast of Cardiff.
The Albert Medal is now replaced with the George Cross.
In 1974 the Albert medal was exchanged before the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
Within 6 months at Llandaff Cathedral and Cardiff Castle.
On May 28th, 1949, a party of Scouts, aged between 11 and 15 years, visiting Sully Island were cut off by the rising tide from a causeway which led to the mainland.
Most of the boys got safely across, but two of them were forced off the causeway by the strong tide.
The leader of the party returned to help the elder boy but in the struggle he too became exhausted.
Margaret Vaughan (aged 14 years) saw from the beach the difficulties they were in.
She undressed and swam towards them over a distance of some 30 yards in cold, rough water and against strong currents due to the rising tide.
On reaching them she towed the boy to the shore while he supported himself by grasping the straps of her costume and his leader's coat.
At about ten feet from the shore a life belt was thrown in which the boy was placed by the other two and the three reached the shore safely.
Margaret Vaughan's action probably saved the life of the Scout leader as well as that of the elder boy.
With the desire of becoming an actor, he moved to the United States in 1982, where he did a variety of jobs and worked on several films, until he got his break as the lead in the martial arts film Bloodsport (1988).
The film introduced his trademark splits and spinning 360˚ heel kick to an American audience.
Van Damme became a popular action film star and followed up with commercially successful films such as Cyborg (1989), Kickboxer (1989), Lionheart (1990), Death Warrant (1990), Double Impact (1991), Universal Soldier (1992), Nowhere to Run (1993), Hard Target (1993), Timecop (1994), Street Fighter (1994), Sudden Death (1995), The Quest (1996), which marked his directorial debut, and Maximum Risk (1996).
At the height of his career, he was one of the biggest action movie stars in the world, and one of the most successful martial arts actors of the 1980s and 1990s, alongside Steven Seagal.
On 16 Aug 09, Staff Sergeant Hughes, a High Threat Improvised Explosive Device Disposal (IEDD) operator, along with a Royal Engineers Search Team (REST), was tasked to provide close support to the 2 RIFLES Battlegroup during an operation to clear a route, south west of Sangin.In preparation for the operation, elements of A Company deployed early to secure an Emergency Helicopter Landing Site and isolate compounds to the south of the route as part of the inner cordon.Whilst conducting these preliminary moves the point section initiated a Victim Operated IED (VOIED) resulting in a very serious casualty.During the casualty recovery that followed, the stretcher-bearers initiated a second VOIED that resulted in two personnel being killed outright and four other very serious casualties, one of whom later died from his wounds.The area was effectively an IED minefield, over-watched by the enemy and the section were stranded within it.
Hughes and his team were called into this harrowing and chaotic situation to extract the casualties and recover the bodies.
Juliet Mills (born 21 November 1941) is an English actress who has performed in movies, television and stage acts since 1942.
She played in the supernatural NBC soap opera Passions.
She also performed in other television shows.
The Eureka or Aha!effect refers to the moment of insight when a puzzling problem is suddenly solved.
It is named after the Greek polymath Archimedes.
Ron Gourlay has worked at Chelsea for 5 years.
He previously worked for Manchester United and Umbro.
In 2001, he directed his first Kannada movie Manasella Neene.
It was a remake of Telugu movie Manasanthaa Nuvve.
His son, Nagendra Prasad, played a lead role in the movie.
Their fossils were found in New York State.
It is not a silly thing at all to enjoy a stone in a tray.
I see the whole world in a tiny stone.
Some objects in this world are huge, and others are small, and they come in all shapes, but they are not that different when you look at their essence.
Language starts as a tool external to the child used for social interaction.
The child guides its behavior by using a kind of self-talk or thinking out loud.
Initially, self-talk is very much a tool of social interaction and this tapers to negligible levels when the child is alone.
Gradually, self-talk is used more as a tool for self-directed and self-regulating behavior.
Because it gets internalized, self-talk is no longer present when the child starts school.
Self-talk develops along a rising not a declining, curve; it goes through an evolution, not an involution.
In the end, it becomes inner speech.
Speaking has thus developed along two lines, the line of social communication and the line of inner speech, by which the child mediates and regulates their activity through their thoughts.
This is not to say that thinking cannot take place without language, but rather it is mediated by language, and so develops to a much higher level of sophistication.
Just as the birthday cake as a sign provides much deeper meaning than its physical properties allow, inner speech as a sign provides much deeper meaning than the lower psychological functions would otherwise allow.
Karl Duncker (Leipzig, 2 February 1903 23 February 1940) was a German psychologist.
Until 1935 he was a student and assistant of the founders of Gestalt psychology in Berlin: Max Wertheimer, Wolfgang Köhler and Kurt Koffka.
The dhol is a drum used during Punjabi wedding processions and parties.
Ronnenberg is a town in the region Hanover in Lower Saxony, Germany.
It has about 23,300 inhabitants.
After the question of tariffs had largely been settled, Reid looked around for another cause for his party.
He settled on opposition to socialism.
He criticised both the Australian Labor Party and the Protectionist Party, led by Alfred Deakin.
The Free Trade Party was renamed the Anti-Socialist Party (ASP) before the 1906 federal election.
The Labor Party and the FTP/ASP continued to grow in electoral strength.
Some Protectionists left the party to join Labor and the ASP.
The modern fracturing technique, called 'horizontal slickwater fracturing', was first used in 1998.
It made the extraction of shale gas economically practical.
The energy from the injection of a highly pressurized fluid creates new channels in the rock.
This increases the extraction rates and recovery of hydrocarbons, which are used for fuel.
In 2010 it was estimated that 60% of all new oil and gas wells worldwide were being hydraulically fractured.
As of the year 2012, 2.5 million hydraulic fracturing actions have been done on oil and gas wells worldwide, more than one million of them in the United States.
Windows Phone (formerly Windows Mobile) is a discontinued operating system from Microsoft for mobile phones.
It's still less popular than Android and iOS.
Sakato was born in Colton, California.
His parents were immigrants from Japan.
He was a Nisei, which means that he was a second generation Japanese-American.
Private George T.
Sakato distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 October 1944, on hill 617 in the vicinity of Biffontaine, France.
After his platoon had virtually destroyed two enemy defense lines, during which he personally killed five enemy soldiers and captured four, his unit was pinned down by heavy enemy fire.
Disregarding the enemy fire, Private Sakato made a one-man rush that encouraged his platoon to charge and destroy the enemy strongpoint.
While his platoon was reorganizing, he proved to be the inspiration of his squad in halting a counter-attack on the left flank during which his squad leader was killed.
Taking charge of the squad, he continued his relentless tactics, using an enemy rifle and P-38 pistol to stop an organized enemy attack.
During this entire action, he killed 12 and wounded two, personally captured four and assisted his platoon in taking 34 prisoners.
By continuously ignoring enemy fire, and by his gallant courage and fighting spirit, he turned impending defeat into victory and helped his platoon complete its mission.
Private Sakato's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.
Charles Pic moved from Marussia to Caterham.
Max Chilton took his place at Marussia.
Captain Linquist told San Juan that his landing gear down indicator lamps did not work.
This led to the discovery that his batteries were low on water and electrical charge.
While he ordered the refilling of the batteries with water, he ordered the reinstallation of the batteries on board the aircraft without recharging them.
The aircraft left with the batteries charged only enough to satisfy two-way radio communication with the tower, with the understanding that an in-flight flight plan would be filed before they left the vicinity of San Juan.
This was not done, and the plane continued on a course for Miami.
It was noted in the report that the plane's radio transmitter did not function properly due to the low battery charge.
The aircraft left San Juan with a cargo/passenger weight 118 lb (54 kg) over the allowable limit.
A message was sent to the plane concerning a change in wind direction that could have been strong enough to push the plane off course.
It was not known if the plane received the message.
The plane's electrical system was not functioning normally prior to departing San Juan.
Miami weather was clear, but the wind had moved from northwest to northeast.
The accident investigation report said that Miami transmitted the wind change information, but neither Miami nor New Orleans was able to contact the flight.
It is therefore unknown whether NC16002 received the information.
Without this knowledge the aircraft could have drifted 40–50 mi (64–80 km) off course, which widened the search area to include hills in Cuba, the Everglades and even Gulf of Mexico waters.
Since the institution of the Medal of Honor, at least 27 have been presented to American Jews.
Four received the medal posthumously.
The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War.
It is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces.
The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States.
Due to the nature of this medal it is commonly presented after the recipient has been killed (posthumously).
The first United States occupation of Haiti began on July 28, 1915 and ended in mid-August 1934.
The Vietnam War, also known as the Second Indochina War, and in Vietnam as the American War, occurred from 1959 to April 30, 1975.
The term Vietnam Conflict is often used to refer to events which took place between 1959 and April 30, 1975.
The war was fought between the Communist-supported Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam) and the United States supported Republic of Vietnam (South Vietnam).
Staff Sergeant (SSG) is the title of the E-6 rank in the U.S.
Army and United States Marine Corps.
It is just above Sergeant.
It is just below Sergeant First Class in the U.S.
Army or Gunnery Sergeant for the Marine Corps.
It is a non-commissioned officer.
The Gunner's Mate school is held at Naval Training Center Great Lakes, Illinois.
The school was originally very hands-on.
It is now primarily conducted through self-study computer-based training (CBT).
The training focuses on the operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of Naval guns, missile launchers, and torpedoes.
It has a strong emphasis on basic explosives, guidance and tracking systems, small arms, Naval ammunition classification, and safety.
Upon completion of this school enlisted members often continue on to a specialized school.
At the specialized school they learn a particular weapons system.
He was initially presented the Distinguished Service Cross.
It is the United States' second highest decoration for valor.
After an extensive review of awards in 2000, his medal was upgraded to the Medal of Honor.
-       Overt narcissism: likely to be outgoing, arrogant, competitive, and struggle with empathy.
-       Covert narcissism: likely to express low self esteem, introversion, avoidance, and a tendency to victimize themselves.
The first USS Buck (SP-1355) was later renamed to USS SP-1355.
It was a tender that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918.
A locksmith is a person who works with locks, keys and .
Locksmithing is the profession of a locksmith.
Locksmiths fix broken locks, make keys, and install security systems like alarms.
Mortise locks, commonly found on older buildings, are comprised of a pocket that is cut into the door (or other piece of furniture) to which the lock will be fitted.
These locks were used before the arrival of bored cylindrical locks.
A related idea is typographic ligature.
This is when two letters are formed so they fit together.
In traditional metal type printing, ligatures were formed from lead in certain pairs.
It is basically the same idea as kerning, but done automatically.
Barak valley had a population of 4,377,612 as per as 2021 census.
Hinduism have gone-down from 50% in 2011 to 47% in 2021 due to low fertility rate and large scale immigration of the community from the Valley to others parts of the region in search of jobs and livelihood.
The number of Hindu immigrants from Bangladesh into Barak Valley has varied estimates from year 1971-2014.
According to the Assam government, (1.3-1.5) lakhs such people residing in the Barak Valley are eligible for citizenship if the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 becomes a law.
Islam is the fastest growing religion in Barak valley, As per as 2011 census, Muslims were 48.1% in the valley and in 2021 census it have gone up to 51% due to high fertility rate and lower immigration of the community to others regions/parts of the country.
Louis Antoine Léon de Saint-Just (nicknamed the Angel of Death) was an important person in the French revolution and the Reign of Terror.
He worked closely with Robespierre.
Kepler is a space observatory launched by NASA to discover Earth-like planets orbiting other stars.
The spacecraft, named in honor of the 17th-century German astronomer Johannes Kepler, was launched on 7 March 2009.
It was active for as of 31, 2024.
The Kepler mission is specifically designed to survey a portion of our region of the Milky Way galaxy to discover dozens of Earth-size planets in or near the habitable zone and determine how many of the billions of stars in our galaxy have such planets.
It works by the occultation method.
A photometer continually monitors the brightness of over 145,000 main sequence stars in a fixed field of view.
This data is transmitted to Earth, then analyzed.
The aim is to find periodic dimming caused by extrasolar planets which cross in front of their host star.
As of January 2013, there are a total of 2,740 candidates.
Kepler is part of NASA's Discovery Program of relatively low-cost primary science missions.
The telescope's construction and initial operation were managed by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
To start with, the mission lifetime was 3.5 years.
In 2012, this was extended to 2016, partly due to difficulties in processing and analyzing the huge volume of data collected by the spacecraft.
With a population of 7025, Avallon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
He was born in Madrid, Spain on February 15, 1968.
His family had just left Cuba.
Then the family went to New York.
After that, they moved to Miami, Florida.
He grew up there.
With a population of 37,289, Montluçon is the largest city of the Allier department.
It has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Buchanan is the founder of a new Virginia school of political economy.
Buchanan is largely responsible for the rebirth of political economy in the second half of 20th century.
In 2001 Buchanan received an honorary doctoral degree from Universidad Francisco Marroquín, in Guatemala City, Guatemala, for his contribution to economics.
The Division of Warringah is a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
During the First World War, Broughton was used by the 185th Cape Breton Highlanders as training ground.
During this time the famous Broughton Arms Hotel burned to the ground in April 1916.
The Hotel is believed to have had North America's first revolving door.
Broughton was first settled at the turn of the 20th century as a mining town for the Cape Breton Coal, Iron & Railway Company, started by British mining engineer Thomas Lancaster and British businessman Col.
Horace Mayhew which intended to develop the coal seam at Cochrane's Lake (aka: Loon Lake).
The pair raised millions of dollars, mostly from English investors, and construction on the town was started, with streets laid out and a number of large official buildings constructed, including the Office Building, the Assistant Manager's House, the Broughton Arms Hotel and Crown Hotel.
Remains of these substantial buildings can still be seen today, the scale of which giving an impression of the town's lofty ambitions.
A railway was built connecting to the Sydney & Louisburg Railway at False Bay Head, continuing through Broughton Junction to Broughton, a distance of 4 ½ miles, construction beginning in 1905 and completed in 1906.
Seemingly too much money and effort was spent on the details and modern conveniences of the most up-to-date modern city, one of the first attempts at a planned community in Canada, and not enough attention to the actual mine operation.
The company went bankrupt in 1907 after it failed to secure rail transportation to get its coal to port.
It is said this was due to the opposition of the Dominion Coal Company, which would not allow its Sydney and Louisburg Railway to carry the coal produced by the mine.
1986, photographer: Mary Thomas, missing since June 13th, 1986.
The Division of East Sydney was a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
Straw man is a type of incorrect reasoning, in which a changed (usually exaggerated) version of someone else's argument is proved wrong, and it looks as if the real argument has been proved wrong.
Sometimes such an easy to disprove argument is simply invented.
Straw man can be understood also as the mentioned argument itself.
The name suggests a human figure made of straw that is easy to destroy.
Bob attacked the non-existing argument: .
And because such an argument is obviously false, Alice might start believing that she is wrong because what Bob said was clearly true.
But her real argument was not disproved, because she did not say anything about the temperature.
Aquarius is a constellation also known as the Water Bearer and was a servant to the gods.
He was also a human at one time.
He was the son of King Tors.
When he was human, his name was Ganymede.
Usually when you see him in the sky, you can see him pouring water into the mouth of a fish; or Pisces.
There is a story of Ganymede when he was watching over his father’s sheep, he was captured and held captive by the Goddess of the Dawn.
In another version of the story, Zeus is captured by Ganymede.
Than Zeus calls over his pet eagle to grab Ganymede and take him to the top of Mount Olympus and serve as a servant to the gods.
One man named Robert Graves thought that the origin of Aquarius was in Egypt.
He thought that Aquarius represented the Nile River.
He also thought that Aquarius was the God of the Nile.
The Nile is just a river, but Robert thought that the river was water pouring out of Aquarius’ jar to make the Nile.
The Coclé province had a population, in 2010, of 233,708, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
To win the first place, the rider and his horse must complete the course as quickly as possible without making any mistakes.
A fault or mistake occurs when the horse knocks down a fence or obstacle or if it disobeys; such as refusing to jump or makes a run-out.
In fact, if a fault occurs the rider receives a penalty and loses automatically four points per mistake.
Also, a rider can lose some points if he exceeds the given time; a penalty is deduced at each exceeding second.
Also, a rider can be eliminated because of a fall down or does not do the course correctly.
The course is established in advance by the course designer.
A designated judge decides whether the rider is eliminated or not and if he is, the judge decides when.
Pauline Gill is a writer from Quebec, member of .
She grew up in Bas-St-Laurent and lived in Longueil for thirty-three years.
She has been in Verchères since 2006.
She studied sociology, pedagogy, history and letters at university.
From 1996 to 2001, Pauline Gill was a linguistic reviser for the Collège Rosemont and some publishing houses.
She co-founded in 1988, so she wrote some chronicles in its newspaper by the years.
In 2001, she has been co-scenarist to produce a television series on her trilogy .
Pauline Gill has accomplished a lot of things in her life.
He is the only Family Guy character to have appeared in every episode of the series.
In a 2004 interview, Seth MacFarlane (the show's creator) revealed that Brian is his favorite character.
Filibuster, also known as talking out a bill, is a tactic of parliamentary procedure.
Filibustering occurs when a person addresses a parliament for a new law, and somebody disagrees with such law, so they start talking and don't stop until the parliament calls off for the day.
It is a method of stopping an unfavorable bill to the mind a parliament member from being passed.
Nova Scotia has three regional municipalities.
The Canary Current is a wind-driven surface current that is part of the North Atlantic Gyre.
This eastern boundary current branches south from the North Atlantic Current and flows southwest about as far as Senegal where it turns west and later joins the Atlantic North Equatorial Current.
The current is named after the Canary Islands.
The archipelago (group of islands) partially blocks the flow of the Canary Current (Gyory, 2007).
To be inducted into the Hall of Fame, somebody who used to drive in NASCAR had to have driven for at least 10 years.
This person must also have been retired for at least three years.
Karen is a female given name, and a Danish short version of Katherine.
The pronunciation of the name is [ kuh-ren ].
The name Karen is of Danish origin, and it means pure or chaste.
It ranked in the top 10 during 1950s and 1960s, peaking at the #3 in 1965.
There are multiple celebrities with the name.
In addition, the name is currently being used for Atlantic tropical cyclones.
The name Lucy [ loo-see ] is a French and English female given name.
It is feminine for the male name Lucius (which means as of light).
There are several celebrities with this name.
Fictional characters having the name include Lucy McClane from Die Hard.
Robert enters.
The nuns hide, but return to prevent his escape.
Robert stands terrified before a saint's tomb.
The Abbess lures him towards the talisman in the saint's hand.
Robert seizes it.
The nuns continue their dance,fluttering like white moths.
Their graves open and they sink into the earth.
Stone slabs slide into place, covering the dead.
A choir of demons is heard.
Act 1.
The 10th Ward is one of the city's Uptown wards, formerly the old Faubourg Lafayette annexed by New Orleans in 1850s.
The National Stadium of Costa Rica () is a multi-purpose stadium.
It is mostly used for football matches.
The stadium is in San José, Costa Rica.
It is the largest stadium in Costa Rica and one of the largest in Central America.
It holds about 35,000 people.
It is the home ground of the Costa Rica national football team.
With a population of 25,507, Sens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Thirteen VHS cassettes contaning 26 episodes of the series were released on Argentinina/Chile.
Eleven VHS cassettes containing 21 episodes of the series were released in Argentinina/Chile.
The average temperature for the year in Los Ángeles is .
The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of .
The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .
Five VHS cassettes contaning 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Five DVDs containing 35 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinina in Chilean.
Three VHS cassettes containing 11 episodes of the series were released on the Argentinian in Chilean.
Disney's House of Mouse is a animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation.
It was on television from 2000 to 2009.
In the television show Mickey Mouse and his friends have a dinner theater called the House of Mouse in downtown Toontown.
It features many different Disney characters together.
The Awty International School provides a challenging education, leading to either the International Baccalaureate or the French Baccalauréat.
Year 1023 (MXXIII) was a common year starting on Tuesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.
Italian General Vittorio Ambrosio conquered in a few days all the Dalmatian coast of Yugoslavia, and occupied in April 1941 the area of southern Dalmatia around Spalato (called officially Split only since 1919).
Because of the terrible living conditions in the camp, illness was very common and spread quickly.
Prisoners were also starving.
Because of this combination of illness and starvation, many prisoners were actually worked to death as the Nazis had planned.
However, many other inmates died from executions, experiments by Nazi doctors, and other causes.
Later that day, United States soldiers took over Langenstein, one of Buchenwald's smaller camps.
There, they freed over 21,000 prisoners.
They also ordered the mayor of Langenstein to send food and water to the camp, and rushed in medical supplies from an American field hospital.
Sirius is 20 times brighter than the sun.
The star Sirius is in Canis Major.
Sirius has a magnitude of -1.44, which means that it is the brightest star in the night sky.
It is sometimes called the dog star.
Also, Sirius is only 8.6 light years away from Earth, which is very close (compared to other stars).
At first Natore was a beel (a large water body) whose name was Chaivhanga.
In 1706 Raja Ramjibon Rai established his capital here by filling the beel.
Up until 1821 Natore was the central office of Rajshahi district.
In 1845 Natore Mahakuma was established.
Natore Municipality was established in 1869.
Natore became a fullfledged district in 1984.
“Indigo resistance movements took place in this district during 1859 and 1860.
The four Gospels each record an account of the sign of the dove.
Batman & Robin is a 1997 American action-adventure movie directed by Joel Schumacher.
It is based on the comic book character created by Bob Kane.
It stars George Clooney as Batman, Chris O'Donnell as Robin, Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl, Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr.
Freeze, and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy.
The movie is about Batman and Robin trying to prevent Mr.
Freeze, Poison Ivy, and Bane from covering Gotham City with ice and vegetation while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together.
It grossed over $230 million in the box office.
It got mixed reviews from the critics.
It was criticized for its gay innuendo.
MSF (Doctors without Borders),SHED (Society for Health Extension & Development), Brac, Pulse Bangladesh, Nacom, Muslim Aid, Uddipon, Rtm, Tai, Msf, Save the children, IOM, Mukti cox's Bazar, ACF, DRC, Ipsa, Codec, aid comilla etc.
Caritas Bangladesh, NRC.
Amalasuntha (c.
495 – 30 April 534/535) was a queen of the Ostrogoths, a branch of Goths, from 526 to 534.
She was a Gothic princess and daughter of the Italian king, Theodoric the Great.
Amalasuntha had been married to Eutharic, an unknown Gothic nobleman.
She gave birth to a son named Athalaric in 518.
Her husband later died, leaving Amalasuntha a widow to raise their young son.
Her accomplishments over her years of being a regent, were applauded by many people like the historian Procopius who spoke of her bravery and knowledge.
She pursued her goal of creating good connections between the Romans and the Goths, which had been torn down in the years of her father’s rule, mostly during the imprisonment of Theodoric and the killing of Boethius, a Roman political figure.
She gave Boethius back his captured estates and began to look for the Roman Senate and then sent a letter to the emperor of Constantinople, asking him to forgive her and gave a Roman education to her son.
All of this to get on the emperors good side.
There is huge rise in outsourcing of Medical Transcription to other companies.
In the United States this field of business is worth US$10 to $25 billion and growing 15 percent each year.
Tecophilaeaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Asparagales.
It includes 8 genera and about 25 species.
The 737-500 was supposed to be a replacement for the 737-200.
It was only made because customers wanted it.
The -500 is 1 ft 7 in (47 cm) longer than the 737-200.
It can carry up to 132 passengers.
Both modern and older cockpits could be installed on the 737-500.
Using the CFM56-3 engine burned a lot less fuel than the engines used on the 737-200s.
Irises is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh.
It was painted in 1889.
It measures 28 × 36.625 in (71.1 × 93 cm).
It hangs in the Getty Center.
Lautenberg was born on January 23, 1924 in Paterson, New Jersey to Jewish-Polish-Russian parents.
After graduating from Nutley High School in 1941, Lautenberg served overseas in the United States Army Signal Corps during World War II from 1942 to 1946.
Then, financed by the GI Bill, he attended and graduated from Columbia Business School in 1949 with a degree in economics.
Herman Melville wrote the famous novel Moby Dick, about a whaling in America.
Moby Dick is often called the greatest American novels.
Emily Dickinson is one of the greatest American poets.
Dickinson wrote many lyrical, religious, philosophical poems.
Walt Whitman wrote the epic poem Leaves of Grass.
Masterpieces of Gothic fiction include Nathaniel Hawthorn's Fall of the House of Usher and The Scarlet Letter).
Charlotte Perkins Gilman's feminist classic The Yellow Wallpaper is also Gothic fiction.
Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau wrote philosophical essays.
Their philosophical school of thought is called Transcendentalism.
There are many popular literary genres.
Humorist David Sedaris writes funny short stories about his personal life and odd things about strangers.
Tongs are gripping and lifting tools.
They are used in laboratories or in cooking are used to pick up hot objects.
People flying high in aircraft avoid decompression by being in a pressurized cabin.
In military aircraft the crew may breathe oxygen before the flight for a few hours so most of the nitrogen that is dissolved in their bodies can escape.
This is called oxygen prebreathing.
We don't know whether Norse people worshipped Váli as a god or whether he was only a character in the Poetic Edda.
The history of mathematics is how mathematics has developed over time.
Mamie Van Doren (born Joan Lucille Olander; February 6, 1931) is an American actress and model.
She acts primarily in movies.
She is also a singer.
Her many movies include Untamed Youth (1957).
Many times, she would play a bad girl within her movies.
Van Doren has been oftentimes compared against other blonde actresses, in particular, Marilyn Monroe.
Mamie was born in Rowena, South Dakota.
On 24 February 2014, she released her second EP, Who Needs The World?EP.
Tertullian (160-225) was an early Christian writer from Carthage.
Déborah François (born 24 May 1987) is an actress from Belgium.
She lives in Paris, France.
A lizard; an animal often-found in hot, dry climates.
This is why it is not unusual that the master of the gnomes, who happen to like hot weather, is a lizard.
Most reptiles are perceived as slimy, nasty creatures.
In this case, the Lizard is fair and considerate of all situations.
She rewards those who deserve it and prosecutes those who do not.
Just like everything else, not all is what it seems.
ANZAC Hall is on the upper level of the memorial, used for the display of large military equipment.
This includes a historic Lancaster bomber known as G for George, a Japanese Ko-hyoteki class midget submarine sunk during a raid on Sydney Harbour in 1942, German aircraft including the Me 262 and Me 163, and a restored Japanese A6M Zero, that was flown in combat over New Guinea.
The eastern side includes a World War I aircraft exhibition, which includes a Royal Aircraft Factory SE5a, Pzalz D.XII and Albatros D.Va.
Lok Sabha is the lower house of the Parliament of India.
As of 2019, there have been seventeen Lok Sabhas elected by the people of India.
The Constitution limits the Lok Sabha to a maximum of 552 members.
This includes no more than 20 members representing people from the Union Territories.
The Lok Sabha speaker is elected from its members.
The Lok Sabha members are elected for a team of five years.
The president may dissolve the Lok Sabha.
During an emergency the term may be extended for one year.
Lobatus gigas is native to the tropical Western Atlantic coasts of North and Central America.
It lives in the greater Caribbean tropical zone.
Méziane Idjerouidène was one of the board members of the association.
The Rajya Sabha or Council of States is the upper house of the Parliament of India.
The total number of members are 250.
Twelve of the members are nominated by the President of India for their contributions to art, literature, science, and social services.
The rest of the house is elected by the state and territorial legislatures.
Members sit for six-year terms, with one-third of the members retiring every two years.
The Quarrymen (also written as the Quarry Men) were a British skiffle and rock and roll band.
It was formed by John Lennon in Liverpool in 1956.
The band evolved into the Beatles in March 1960.
Originally, it consisted of Lennon and several of his friends from school.
The Quarrymen took their name from a line in the anthem of their high school, Quarry Bank High School.
Lennon's mother, Julia Lennon, taught her son to play the banjo and then showed Lennon and Eric Griffiths how to tune their guitars in a similar way to the banjo, and taught them simple chords and songs.
Musō Kokushi established a Buddhist temple named Eihō-ji in 1314.
The town grew up around the temple.
A fixed-gear bicycle (also called a fixie) is a bicycle that has no freewheel mechanism (allowing pedals to stay still while moving).
Lifestyle is the way of life of person, group, or culture.
Vortex is a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason, Ohio.
It was designed and built by Arrow Dynamics.
It cost $4 million.
The ride officially opened to the public on April 11, 1987.
When it opened, Vortex was the tallest, full-circuit roller coaster with the highest drop in the world.
It was also the first one where riders are upside down six times.
As total 6 Players in Bangladesh National Cricket Team got 5 wickets 1 time so in this list those are not counted.
The law is named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, who described the trend in his 1965 paper.
Lake Zarivar is located to the west of Marivan.
It has a length of 5 kilometres and a width of 1.6 kilometres.
The water of the lake is fresh and has a depth of 6 metres.
On April 2, 2011, a person named Christopher Torres put the moving picture, without the song, on his place in the internet.
The place is called LOL-comics, and the picture is still there.
Torres was making pictures, and two different people wanted him to make a cat and a piece of food.
He combined the two to make a picture, and then made it a moving picture a few days later.
The original moving picture that saraj00n put onto the internet was seen 90,000,000 times .
It's very well known, so other people made their own Nyan Cats.
People made songs for their phones, pictures for computers, and progress bars.
There are also things for iPhones, Android phones, Windows Phones, and HP webOS.
There is also a game about Nyan Cat called Nyan Cat Adventure.
Islam was a former garment worker and was president of the Ashulia and Savar Bangladesh Garment & Industrial Workers Federation.
Steric effects are the effects seen in molecules that come from the fact that atoms occupy space.
When atoms are put close to each other, this costs energy.
The electrons near the atoms want to stay away from each other.
This can change the way molecules want to react.
It can also change the shape (or conformation) of the molecule.
The amount of space that a group of atoms takes is called the steric bulk.
In 1582, the forces of Oda Nobunaga forced the Uesugi clan to give up control of Uozu Castle.
In the United States of America a sportsbook is a place where a player can bet money on many different sports, for example basketball, golf, football, hockey, baseball, soccer, horse racing, boxing and many more.
The Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act of 1992 allows only Nevada, Oregon, Montana, and Delaware to legally bet on sports.
A paid or incentivized survey is a type of survey where person for filling out the details will get some reward.
Most of Online Surveys that are real will not pay cash, but instead give vouchers or prizes.
This is a list of Bangladeshi Test cricketers.
This list is arranged to show the test cricketers of Bangladesh.
If more than one player won his first Test cap in the same Test match, then those players are listed alphabetically by surname.
More and more people worldwide have mobile phones and spend on them a lot of time so mobile advertising is very successful these days and the whole market is growing fast.
Lion Airlines cannot fly in European Union because they did not passed safety laws set by officials.
SA-330A, SA-330B, SA-330Ba, SA-330C, SA-330E, SA-330F, SA-330G, SA-330H, SA-330J, SA-330L, SA-330S, SA-330Z.
Puma HC Mk-1, Puma HC Mk-2.
Mitochondrial Eve lived later than Homo heidelbergensis and the emergence of Homo neanderthalensis, but earlier than the out of Africa migration.
The structured settlement factoring transaction can be really helpful for business in financial needs.
Free Studio is a free set of multimedia programs created by DVDVideoSoft.
The software is combination of multiple programs of different use combined in one.
You can download them as one in a package or separately.
Free Studio consists of 48 programs, grouped into eight sections: YouTube to MP3 converter, Audio, CD-DVD-BD, DVD & Video, Photo & Images, Mobiles, Apple Devices, 3D.
U-verse or at&t U-verse is a brand that provides internet connection, premium television channels and VoIP.
Launched in June 26, 2006 it is available in 22 US states.
Paulina's father, Enrique Rubio is of Spanish origin and her mother Susana Dosamantes is a Mexican.
Her breakthrough came with the group Timbiriche in Mexico.
She is the mother of Mexican pop diva Paulina Rubio, She has appeared in around 50 movies and TV series, including telenovelas.
International marketing (IM) or global marketing is a marketing done on international level.
The International Marketing is based on strategy created in home country of company and distributed to its other offices/affiliations.
In most cases it is international company level (company have offices in different countries) market identification and targeting.
International Marketing is very similar to Global marketing.
The main difference will be the fact that Global Marketing is focusing on intercontinental point of view.
The Diseases Database is based around a collection of concepts related to human medicine.
These concepts include diseases, drugs, symptoms, physical signs and abnormal laboratory results.
These are referred to as 'items'.
Shown below is an amino acid sequence alignment between two human zinc finger proteins.
Conserved amino acid sequences are marked by strings of formula_1 on the third line of the sequence alignment.
As can be seen from this alignment, these two proteins contain a number of conserved amino acid sequences (represented by identical letters aligned between the two sequences).
The game got great reception, getting over 120 awards and receiving the title of 2013's game of the year.
IGN rated the game 10 out of 10, along with many other national game raters, that all rated the game highest any game has ever received.
During the first week, the game sold over 3.4 million copies, second only to Grand Theft Auto in sales records.
Shōda married Crown Prince Akihito in 1959.
PlayStation Move is a motion-sensing game controller platform by Sony Computer Entertainment which supports the PlayStation 3 and the PlayStation 4.
The device uses a PlayStation Eye camera to record movements.
It was released on September 15, 2010 in Europe and on September 17, 2010 in North America.
Sony announced that the PlayStation Move had sold 15 million units.
Mehmed Orhan (11 July 1909 5/12 March 1994) was the 42nd head of the Ottoman dynasty.
He succeeded as head of the dynasty on 9 December 1983, after the death of Ali Vâsib.
If reigning, he would be Sultan Orhan VII.
He was born at Serencebey Palace or at Kisil Toprak, Turkey.
He was the son of HIH Prince Şehzade Mehmed Abdul Kadir Efendi, Captain of the Ottoman Army, by second wife HH Mihriban Hanımefendi.
The marriage was not recognised by the Imperial House.
On his 13 birthday he was ceremoniously circumcised in the Dolmabahce Palace.
San Pedro Sula, as most cities built under the Spanish colonial period, is divided in quadrants.
Avenues in the city run from north to south and streets run from east to west.
First Street and First Avenue mark the center of the city and effectively divide it into four major quadrants NW, NE, SW and SE.
Far to the north is Colonia Fesitranh.
Barrio Las Acacias is just to the north of center.
Nor-Este neighborhoods include Barrio San Cristobal, Villa Florencia, Colonia Ideal, Barrio Morazán, Colonia Modelo, and further out Colonia Bográn, Colonia El Carmen, and Colonia Los Laureles.
The Symphony No.
3 in E flat major (Eroica), Op.
55 is a work for orchestra.
It was written in 1803 by Ludwig van Beethoven.
It was completed in 1804, and premiered on 7 April 1805 at the Theater an der Wien.
Beethoven did not want the symphony to be about Napoleon, but he did want to dedicate it to him.
When Beethoven learned Napoleon had declared himself Emperor, he tore the dedication page in pieces.
The symphony was published in 1806 with the subtitle Eroica (Heroic).
The symphony has four movements (parts).
Amrapur is a small village in Jamnagar, Gujarat, India.
On 17 July 1517 the Sharif of Mecca gave away Ta'if to the Ottoman Sultan Selim I.
As a sign of this, he surrendered to him the keys of the Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina.
As part of the Hejaz, Ta'if was also given over to Ottoman control.
Bani Hareth is one of the Adnani Arabs tribes living around Taif in Saudi Arabia.
The tribe is one of the biggest tribes in the area and occupies the full area between Taif and Al Qunfuthah in Saudi.
Girls' day has been organized annually since 2001.
Columbia County is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Dodge County is a county in the U.S.
state of Wisconsin.
As of 2020, 89,396 lived there.
Juneau is the county seat of Dodge County.
Paris–Le Bourget Airport is an airport near Paris, France.
It was the international airport for Paris before the building of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and Orly Airport.
It is now an airport for all business class aircraft.
The Musée de l'Air et de l'Espace (the French aviation and space museum) is there.
The famous Paris Air Show happens here.
Grant County is a county in the U.S.
state of Wisconsin.
In 2020, 51,938 people lived there.
Its county seat is Lancaster.
Grant County also is in the tri-state area with Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
A stall is what happens when an aerofoil can not make enough lift to keep the aircraft in flight.
Stalling can be risky and dangerous when caused unintentionally or with lack of enough vertical distance for recovery.
When a molecule in the ground state (singlet) absorbs UV or visible radiations of the proper frequency, one electron passes into the vacant orbital present at a higher energy level.
, also spelled Chikugo, is a Japanese town in Fukuoka Prefecture on the island of Kyushu.
Daylily is the common name of a Hemerocallis.
Daylily flowers can have different colors and shapes.
The flowers are popular around gardener groups because they are easy to grow and can be easily mutated.
The name Hemerocallis comes from the Greek words ἡμέρα (hēmera) day and καλός (kalos) beautiful.
The name suggest that this flower will bloom only for one day, as in H.
fulva, also called ditch lily.
A general contractor is usually a person working on construction sites, management of venues, and communication and information.
The general contractor is employed by the company who pays him for completed work.
Miscegenation () is the mixing of different racial groups with marriage, relationship, sexual relations, and procreation.
Bergson convinced many thinkers that the processes of immediate experience and intuition are more significant than abstract rationalism and science for understanding reality.
His early childhood was spent mostly in London after his birth.
He learned the English language from his mother.
He returned to Paris when he was nine years old, and became a naturalized French citizen.
Makati is notable for its exceptionally multicultural lifestyle, as a significant center for intercontinental matters and for its reputation as a major entertainment center in the metropolis.
The New General Catalogue of Nebulae and Clusters of Stars<ref name=The NGC/IC Project></ref> is a list of stars, nebulae and galaxies.
It is abbreviated NGC, and is sometimes called just New General Catalogue.
It has 7,840 objects on it.
These objects are called NGC objects.
It was created by John Louis Emil Dreyer in 1888.
Like the older, smaller Messier catalog, it is a famous deep-sky catalogue for amateur astronomy.
Most of observations were rewarded by William Herschel and his son, and expanded by the known catalogue Index Catalogues I and II, adding about 5000 new objects.
Amresh Chandra Satapathy is an Indian -American scientist cum Author working for World science.
He is also the first IAS physics author in India from the field of science.
In 1837 he was sent more to west to the town of Krasnoyarsk, and later he became Governor of the region.
In Krasnioarsk, Turczaninov began to publish Flora Baikalensi-Dahurica in separate parts from 1842 to 1857 in the Bulletin de la Société impériale des naturalists de Moscow.
He wrote those articles in Latin.
Later all these articles were published in 2 volumes with the first part (introduction) written in French.
Hœnir is a warrior god in Norse mythology.
He is sometimes confused with Vili.
Hœnir is part of the Aesir.
Hœnir and Mimir were hostages in a war between the Aesir and Vanir gods.
He was also an original Aesir god himself.
Hœnir usually relied on Mimir.
Hœnir is the god of silence, spirituality, poetry and of passion.
The Banco Central de Costa Rica began issuing paper money in 1950, with notes for 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 colones.
The first notes were provisional issues produced from Banco Nacional notes (unsigned and undated).
The Central Bank printed on them the corresponding signatures and dates, and the legend BANCO CENTRAL DE COSTA RICA over BANCO NACIONAL DE COSTA RICA.
Regular issues of notes began in 1951, but a second provisional issue of 2 colon notes was made in 1967.
1000 colon notes were added in 1958, followed by 500 colones in 1973, 5000 colones in 1992, and 2000 and 10,000 colones in 1997.
The formula for the volume of a square pyramid is formula_1.
This means that one must find the volume by multiplying the base (B) by the height (h), then dividing the product by three.
A pyramid is a building is the shape of a pyramid.
The San José province had a population, in 2011, of 1,404,242 for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The canton of San José, with 288,054 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
South Road (route A13, B23) is a major north–south road in Adelaide, South Australia.
Also known as Main South Road, it is Adelaide's most important road.
The road attracts multiple factories, industrial centers and businesses like Castle Plaza Shopping Centre (supermarket) and Toyota Dealership.
Pope John Paul II appointed Bergoglio the Archbishop of Buenos Aires in 1998.
During the 2001 Consistory, Pope named Bergoglio as a Cardinal.
It is very rare for a Pope to bless people who are not Catholics.
By doing this, the Pope was showing that he accepted people who belonged to different religions.
On April 20, 2010, Bignone was sentenced to 25 years in prison for his involvement in the kidnapping, torture and murder of 56 people, including guerrilla fighters, at the extermination center in the Campo de Mayo military complex.
The Alajuela province had a population, in 2011, of 848,146, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The canton of Alajuela, with 254,886 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
The Limón province had a population, in 2011, of 386,862, of the population of the country.
Its population density was inhabitants/km.
The canton of Pococí, with 125,962 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Many helium-4 on Earth is produced from the alpha decay of heavy elements.
In the Sun and the whole universe, most helium-4 is made during the Big Bang, the event that created the universe.
This Big Bang helium-4 is known as the primordial helium.
Helium-4 is also made in nuclear fusion at the center of stars.
Primordial helium is not found on Earth due to it escaping because of the extremely high temperature of Earths creation.
The urinary system is linked to the sex organs of men and women.
Sex organs are called genitals.
Genitals and the urinary system make the genitourinary or urogenital system.
Its organs are male or female; internal (inside) or external (outside the body).
Sinéad Marie Bernadette O'Connor (8 December 1966 – 26 July 2023) was an Irish singer-songwriter.
She was perhaps most famous for performing the 1990 Prince song Nothing Compares 2 U which was nominated for three Grammy Awards.
In 1991, she refused her Grammy Award for Best Alternative Album.
On 11 June 1992 she met Craig Fraser at a bar in Tintagel, Cornwall.
They were an item until September 1992 when Fraser's alcohol abuse stripped away their relationship.
Chinchilla graduated from the University of Costa Rica.
She received her master's degree in public policy from Georgetown University.
Concerts for Diana took place shortly after her death.
The concerts involved Elton John and many others.
John released a new version of his song, Candle in the Wind, in memory of Diana.
Pope Gregory IV (; c.
795-25 January 844) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 102nd Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741.
The Guanacaste province had a population, in 2011, of 326,953 for a population density of inhabitants/km, the province with the lower density.
The canton of Liberia, with 62,987 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Both engines are bigger than the CFM56-7B engines on the Boeing 737 Next Generation.
The new engine will use 10–12% less fuel than the engines on the 737NG.
It has been said that Boeing are looking at parts of the plane that can be changed to make less drag and burn less fuel.
Starting his career in the youth teams of Virtus Bologna, Marco Belinelli made his professional debut in LegA in 2002.
In the following year, he switched to the rival Bologna club, Fortitudo Bologna, due to his former club's financial troubles.
He achieved an Italian championship with them in 2005.
In 2006, he represented Italy in the World Championships, with the team finishing in ninth place.
In 2007, he entered the NBA Draft, which took place on June 28, 2007, at Madison Square Garden in New York.
The Golden State Warriors selected him as the eighteenth overall pick.
On August 11, 2010, he was traded to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Julian Wright.
In 2011, he played in the playoffs as a starter for the New Orleans Hornets and had an impressive season.
During the 2011 European Championship, Italy managed to field its three NBA players: Marco Belinelli, Danilo Gallinari, and Andrea Bargnani.
Despite being placed in a challenging group in the initial round, which included France, Germany, Serbia, Israel, and Latvia, Italy finished the competition with only one victory.
In 2014, he achieved an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs, becoming the first Italian player to accomplish this feat.
On July 13, 2015, he signed with the Sacramento Kings.
On February 11, 2018, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
On July 1, 2018, he made a return to the San Antonio Spurs, signing a two-year contract worth twelve million dollars.
Italy, Sweden and the United Kingdom also voted in this semi-final.
The songs colored in orange qualified for the final.
The Boeing Model 200 Monomail was an American mail plane.
It was built in the 1930s by Boeing.
It flew for the first time on 6 May 1930.
These have spectral types F and G.
Not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit.
Sylvanians were origanally set in Japan in the 1950's most of the families are rural middle-class with many luxuries and local businesses.
They have many leisure activities such as horse riding, rowing and hosting garden parties.
The simple caravan means that they can enjoy short stays on holiday.
This means that they can be away from their house whether it is a small cottage or a multi-storey town house.
The U.
S.
Army gave the five C-75s back to TWA in 1944.
TWA sent them back to Boeing to be rebuilt.
Boeing replaced the wings and put in more powerful engines.
The electrics were replaced with electrics from the Boeing B-29 Superfortress.
After these changes, the 307 could carry 38 passengers.
TWA switched to the Lockheed Constellation, but the 307s were used until April, 1951.
RR Lyrae stars pulse in a manner similar to Cepheid variables, so the mechanism for the pulsation is thought to be similar.
The nature and histories of these stars is thought to be rather different.
This era of platform shoe was more popular with the platform boot style.
Some of the more well known brands are Demonia, Bordello, and Dolls kill.
With the rise of E-girl as a subculture in 2019 the sale of gothic style platform boots have gone up.
During the 2010 era clear shoes wear also popularized by Kim Kardashian West.
These clear platform shoes allow to to put trinkets in your shoe ranging from flowers, kids toys, and plastic fish to Halloween decorations, spiders, and baby doll heads.
Focal laser treatment stabilizes vision and reduces the risk of vision loss by 50 percent.
In a small number of cases, if vision is lost, it can be improved.
Viteroctomy is the surgical removal of the vitreous humur.
The vitreous humur is a clear, thick, gel-like fluid, that fills the inside of the eyeball and helps it to maintain its shape.
The plane made flew for the first time on June 7, 1938.
The test pilot found some things wrong with the plane.
Boeing fixed these and the plane was fine.
Justification means that God has forgiven all our sins.
This is based on Jesus having died in our place.
This becomes real for any person when they put their faith in Jesus.
Before salvation can take place, a person must become aware that they need it.
The Holy Spirit is God's instrument in this.
Tesfaye has won three Grammy Awards from eight nominations.
Deborah Jeane Palfrey (March 18, 1956 – May 1, 2008) was an American businesswoman and criminal.
She was best known by the name she was given by the media, the D.C.
Madam.
Palfrey operated an escort agency, Pamela Martin and Associates, in Washington D.C..
She was convicted on April 15, 2008 of racketeering, using the mail for illegal purposes, and money laundering.
Two weeks later, at age 52, she was found hanged in a garage.
Autopsy results and the police said her death was a suicide.
Belshazzar is a king of Babylonia in the Book of Daniel.
He is the son of Nebuchadnezzar and is killed by Darius the Mede.
The caste system of social insects is the division of labor between genetically identical individuals.
Polyphenism determines whether larvae develop into queens, workers, and in some cases soldiers.
In the case of the ant, P.
morrisi, an embryo must develop under certain temperature and photoperiod conditions in order to become a reproductively-active queen.
This allows for control of the mating season, but like sex determination, limits the spread of the species into certain climates.
In May 2014, a prototype version of Dragon V2 was shown to the public.
It could hold both cargo and astronauts.
Another feature of this upgraded version of Dragon - to protect the life of the crew in the event of a failure of Falcon 9 it was fitted with SuperDraco thrusters, which would push the capsule away from the rocket.
Because the brain can move a little during surgery, there is the possibility that the electrodes can move out of place.
This may cause more complications like personality changes.
Electrode movement is easy to find using a CT scan.
Wix.com is a freemium online platform that allows users to create websites and Facebook pages.
Wix was created in 2006 by Avishai Abrahami, Nadav Abrahami and Giora Kaplan.
The company is located in Tel Aviv, with offices in San Francisco, New York City and Dnepropetrovsk.
It is funded by investors Insight Venture Partners, Mangrove Capital Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners and Benchmark Capital.
Kandyan jewellery is handmade and was originally designed for the royal families.
It is a symbol of wealth, solidarity and strength.
It is worn by women of royal or noble births and not women of lower castes.
The magnetosphere is created by the magnetic field.
It is the area around the Earth that acts as a shield against the harmful particles in solar wind.
The magnetosphere has many different layers and structures, and solar wind shapes each of these layers.
The interaction of solar wind and the magnetosphere also causes the Northern and Southern Lights to appear.
The magnetosphere is very important in protecting the Earth against solar storms which increase solar wind activity.
Solar storms can cause geomagnetic storms which sometimes have serious affects on the Earth.
The combined area of sets A and B is called the union of A and B, denoted by .
The union in this case contains all living creatures that are either two-legged, or that can fly (or both).
Amanda and Michelle Babin are identical twins, however they were judged individually.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
Brandon Bollig (born January 31, 1987, in Saint Charles, Missouri) is an American retired professional ice hockey center.
He currently plays for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).
He has also played for the Chicago Blackhawks.
After Hyder Ali died in the year 1782, Tipu became the new ruler of Mysore.
He had already fought in two victorious wars – the First Anglo Mysore and the Second Anglo Mysore War, under the leadership of his father.
He knew that British forces were a great threat to his kingdom.
He therefore focused more on military advances especially Mysorean rockets which were successfully used by his father in the Second Anglo Mysore War against the British.
Horses and donkeys, domesticated about 5000 BCE, are feral in open grasslands worldwide (see feral horse).
In Portugal, feral horses are called Sorraia; in Australia, they are called Brumbies; in the American west, they are called Mustangs.
Other isolated feral populations exist, including the Chincoteague Pony and the Banker Horse.
They are often referred to as wild horses, but this is not correct.
There are truly wild horses that have never been tamed, most notably Przewalski's Horse.
While the horse was originally indigenous to North America, the wild ancestor died out at the end of the last Ice Age.
In both Australia and the Americas, modern wild horses have come from domesticated horses brought by European explorers and settlers that escaped, spread, and thrived.
Tutu is a common name of Māori origin for plants in the genus Coriaria (Coriariaceae) found in New Zealand.
For 36 years (until January 2003), he served alongside Republican Strom Thurmond, making them the longest-serving Senate duo ever.
This made him the longest-serving junior senator ever, even though he had more seniority than all but a few of his colleagues.
Thurmond and Hollings generally had a good relationship despite their sometimes sharp philosophical differences, and frequently collaborated on legislation and projects to benefit South Carolina.
Only Thurmond, Robert Byrd, Ted Kennedy, Daniel Inouye, Carl Hayden, John Stennis and Ted Stevens served longer in the Senate than Hollings.
The Cartful 車仔檔 , also known as portable stall and mobile stall, is a style of hawker stall originated from the street vendors selling inexpensive street food, like eggette, Tang Cong Bing 糖葱餅, and cart noodle, in the 1950s.This style of selling is part of Hong Kong traditional culture.
It reflects people’s way of living and their spirits.
In recent years, the operation of the cartful faces challenges due to the government policies and modernization.
There are mainly two types of owners which are the unemployed middle-aged and the unlicensed hawkers.
Both of them are the main support of their family while they cannot find a suitable job.
As a result, they choose to run the carful because it can help them make a decent living and avoid the high rent.
The carful of these kinds are operated by family units.
The cartful fully reveals Hong Kong spirits: diligence and fast paced lifestyle.
With a small amount of capital and time, owners can earn huge profit from the whole day sales by moving their cart around without paying high rent.
Short term memory is the ability to keep information in mind for a short amount of time.
Remembering a phone number long enough to find a piece of paper is an example.
The brain keeps information in its short term memory for a small period of time.
The amount of time the mind is able to do this is usually some seconds.
In computer science, a data type is the combination of a value range with permissible operations.
Data types in programming allow the programmer to perform operations on a datum.
In the Pascal programming language, the data 42 has the data type integer.
Data types are an abstract concept.
This concept primarily appears in high-level programming languages.
Virtually all high-level programming language explicitly include the notion of data type.
The notion of data types as presented above is unknown in assembly language, a low-level programming language.
All computers know integer number values.
Modern computers also know real numbers in binary.
But there is no rigid enforcement of proper “data type use.
Assembly language does not prevent using an integer as if it were a real number.
Yet, the processor’s machine code sets the limits.
Cannabis drug testing describes many drug testing methods for the use of cannabis in medicine, sport, and law.
Unlike alcohol, Cannabis testing is time consuming, expensive and cannot give accurate time of consuming and level of intoxication.
On Shabbat and important Jewish holidays, the Amidah prayer changes in two important ways.
The Mayo Clinic is a medical center in Rochester, Minnesota.
It was founded by the Mayo brothers, William James Mayo and Charles Horace Mayo.
Passes are synced between iOS devices using iCloud.
OS X 10.8.2 and newer also support opening passes to be sent to users' iOS devices.
• Established the Clarington Sports Hall of Fame in 2003.
• Newsmaker of the Year, 2006, Durham Region Metroland Newspapers.
The Australian Council of National Trusts (ACNT) is a national organization for community-based, non-government organisations that promote and conserve Australia's natural and historic heritage.
A lot of worm grunting is done in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Every year on June 21, thousands of fishermen show up for the annual worm grunting festival.
The Globe could seat 3000 people and 1000 standing in the yard.
It was destroyed by fire on 29 June 1613.
A second Globe Theatre was built on the same site by June 1614.
It was closed in June 1642, with other theatres, by order of the Puritan Long Parliament.
There are drawings of the outside of the theatre, but historians do not really know what the inside of the Globe looked like.
They have had to use written descriptions, details from the building contracts, drawings of other theatres, and clues in the plays written to be performed in the Globe.
In 1989 an archaeological dig at the site showed that the building was in the shape of a polygon, with 20 sides.
They also discovered the building was 100 feet (30 m) in diameter.
Slot machines include a currency detector that detects if coins and notes are real ones and what values they have.
The machine pays the winning or issue a coupon that will entitle to collecting reward in cash or prizes.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
1.
8.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
ITT Corporation is a global manufacturing company in the United States, in aerospace, transportation, energy and industrial markets.
They are in global markets including water and fluids management.
ITT originally stood for International Telephone and Telegraph; it was founded in 1920.
It was originally combined from other telephone companies.
Today's ITT Corporation was founded in 2006.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
1.
The story has been adapted to various media including a television program on Shelley Duval's Fairy Tale Theatre.
A popular musical play of the 1960s was based on the story called Once Upon a Mattress.
It starred comedienne Carol Burnett.
Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Hello, World!
Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park and El Nido Marine Reserve Park are in the region.
The church members decided to travel to Virginia Colony, a place where they would be allowed to practice their religion.
The most prominent leaders of pratapgarh who are raghuraj pratap singh(Raja bhaiya),former jail minister of Uttar pradesh,member of legislative assembly from kunda legislative assembly,Pramod tiwari,former foreign affair minister during congress government regime,sangam lal gupta,moti singh,Kumari ratna singh etc.
On his 21st birthday, Welk left the family's farm to start his career in music.
During the 1920s, he performed with the Luke Witkowski, Lincoln Boulds, and George T.
Kelly bands before he started his own orchestra.
He led big bands in North Dakota and eastern South Dakota.
These included the Hotsy Totsy Boys and later the Honolulu Fruit Gum Orchestra.
His band also played for radio station WNAX in Yankton, South Dakota.
In 1927, he graduated from the MacPhail School of Music in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
1.
12.
His second wife was Alice Southwarth in Plymouth.
They had three children.
She died in Plymouth in March 1670 and was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth near her husband.
Tanu and Koly finally have enough money to buy a room for more widows to live in.
Koly decorates the room with embroidered quilts.
In 2011 a new district named Sambhal district is formed with two sub districts of Moradabad district.
The club got the name FC Biel-Bienne in 1911.
Before they were called ‘Football-Club de Bienne’.
During World War I they didn’t play in the league but they did a lot of charity projects.
They moved to the First League in the season 1989/90.
This is the best League of Amateur-football in Switzerland.
They went to the Challenge League again in 2008.
The president of the FC Biel-Bienne is Jean-Marc Hofstetter.
He became president in 2013.
Before it was Jean-Pierre Senn.
The coach of the club is Phillipe Perret.
1.
There was a tram system in Biel, Switzerland, from 1877 to 1948.
As the idea of having trams was not popular, there was only one route from Bözingen to Nidau.
The tram was originally a horse carriage on rails.
There were only a few carriages from other tram systems.
Although it was very small there were summer and winter carriages.
After Biel City bought the system in 1901, it became electrical with more carriages and a bigger route.
The tram was not very popular and the owner did not earn much money.
This was the reason why only very few routes were built.
All the four routes started at the train station in Biel, today known as ‘Zentralplatz’.
The tram to Meinisberg went through Mett but because there was a big distance between Biel and Meinisberg, there were only a few stations.
Gennevilliers has an old church from 17th century called Saint Marie Madeleine.
1.-4.
10.
Their second album was called Heroes & Champions (2010).
For this album they got the Swiss Music Award in the category Best Newcomer National.
It includes the hits Listen To The Music, Come Down With Me and Easy.
In September they started their Human.Technology Tour, in February a second one.
The goal in flight school is to reach mama bird first.
If you are faster than the other birds you'll get the fattest fish.
To unlock the next island players must finish in 3rd, 2nd, or 1st place.
In 3rd place you'll get a small Blue fish, in 2nd place a medium-sized Cyan fish, and in 1st place you'll get the fattest Yellow fish.
When a set of islands is completed by a bird, its nest is upgraded.
This mode includes 2 new features: rubber flowers birds can bounce on, and water holes that slow down the birds.
The mama bird is dark green and is from the day trip mode.
Tiny Wings was first released with one mode (called Day Trip after version 2).
Version 2 was released as an update on July 12, 2012, and added a new mode, Flight School with of a race between 4 birds, one of which is used by the player.
The levels in Flight School are divided into islands, with 5 tracks in each.
There are 3 island tracks.
They are Clown islands, Koi islands, and Orga islands.
Also there will be more island tracks coming soon as updates.
Flight School includes 2 new features on the islands.
The July 2012 update also gives the ability to gift app.
1.
He has hosted multiple children's shows including Barne-tv, Julemorgen,Krem Nasjonal, and Superkviss, as well as Barnetimen for de minste on NRK P2.
Erik Solbakken hosted the prestigious Idrettsgallaen with Haddy N'Jie 2010 from Hamar.
1.
The Gripen is one of the first multi-role combat aircraft that can be used for fighter, attack and reconnaissance missions as well as switching between them during flight, hence the name of the JAS 39.
‘J’ stands for the initial of the Swedish language word for Hunting, meaning attack against air targets, attack to attack ground and sea targets, and ‘S’ stands for the Swedish word for reconnaissance, to take photos and films.
The name Gripen is the result of a contest held in the early 1980s, and means ‘griffin’.
When he was 15 years old, Falcao was discovered by River Plate in a match of selection in Colombia to footballers of maximum 17 years old.
Before signing a professional contract with River Plate in 2005, he began to study journalism at the Palermo University in Argentina.
When he was 19 years old, he scored two goals at his first match with River Plate.
He scored seven goals in seven games, which is a goal each game, before he injured his right knee ligaments at the end of the 2005 season.
After a long period of inactivity, he was injured again in January 2006.
The Tupolev Tu-124 (NATO code-named Cookpot) is a twin-turbojets airliner built in USSR between 1960 and 1965.
It was one of the first civil jet aircraft in the world.
It could accommodate between fifty and sixty passengers.
The Swineherd is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen.
It was first published 20  December 1841 by C.
A.
Reitzel in Copenhagen, Denmark in Fairy Tales Told for Children.
The fairy tale appears to be original with Andersen though similar tales about the humbling of a proud princess are known, such as King Thrushbeard by the Brothers Grimm.
The Swineherd has been adapted to various media including ballet and opera.
1.
1.
Christie is a strong supporter of the state granting tax credits to parents who send their children to private and parochial schools.
Zuffa, LLC () is an American sports promotion company of mixed martial arts.
It was founded in January 2001 in Las Vegas, Nevada by Station Casinos executives Frank Fertitta III and Lorenzo Fertitta to be the parent entity of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after they purchased it from the Semaphore Entertainment Group.
Lorenzo Fertitta is the company's CEO and Chairman while Dana White runs the day-to-day operations.
In chemistry, an additive is a substance that is added to a mixture or compound to change the properties of that mixture or compound.
Food additives are used to improve food.
Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-Alpine skiing designed to give equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical powers.
The system of ordering are grouped into three general condition of being unable sorts: stand, unable to see and being seated.
Group selection is done by International Paralympic Committee AlpineSkiing.
Prior to that, several groups dealt with this including the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA).
Some order systems are persons given government by bodies other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine skiing, such as the Special Olympics.
The sport is open to all competitors with a no seeing or physical condition of being unable stand.
It is not open to people with intellectual disabilities.
La Tempestad will break with the love story of Marina (Ximena Navarrete) and Damian (William Levy).
Mercedes Artigas (Daniela Romo), an elegant and mysterious woman, offers Marina economic and financial management of the company Neptune, opportunity has now accepted that job and that her mother needs to live in a quiet place.
Thus, Marina reaches the town of Our Lady of the Sea, where she meets Damian.
Mercedes actually is the biological mother of Marina.
In her youth she became pregnant and was at the mercy of Ernesto Contreras, who snatched her other twin daughter, Magdalena (Ximena Navarrete).
Mercedes forged a fortune, with which also gained the respect of those around her and the power to face their enemies.
Mercedes has dedicated her life to retrieve his daughters, for this has been that people involved with the underworld of white slavery, becoming Queen of the Night, whose personality has allowed her to save many young victims.
In their first meeting in the company El Neptuno Marine shows to Damian a haughty attitude, treating him as an employee more, for its part, Damian ignored and is filed Marina showing his authority with his crew of witnesses.
Marina is located in the village with Hernán Saldaña (Ivan Sanchez), a former classmate who is now a powerful businessman.
Hernán works with a mafia devoted to kidnapping and trafficking in persons, especially women who intended to prostitution.
The village mayor, Fulgencio (César Évora), is his ally.
Hernán ordered to destroy the factory and ship Damian, as that would rid obstacles.
Periyar was born in Erode, Madras Presidency in a rich family.
At a young age, he witnessed many incidents of racial, caste and gender discrimination.
Periyar married when he was 19 and had a daughter who lived for only 5 months.
His first wife, Nagammai, died in 1933.
He always protested against young women getting married to much older people.
Periyar, when he was 72, married for a second time, Maniammai who was 32 at the time in July 1948.
His second wife, Maniammai, continued Periyar's social work after his death in 1973, but Dravidar Kazhagam was still spreading his thoughts and ideas.
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC; ) is the largest bank in the world by profit and market capitalization.
It is one of China's 'Big Four' state-owned commercial banks.
The other three banks are Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, and China Construction Bank.
Peter Browne (ca.
1594 1633) was a passenger on the Mayflower and a signer of the Mayflower Compact.
In some records he was called Brown and others as Browne.
He was baptized on January 26, 1594/5 in Dorking, Surrey, England.
This was the same home town where William Mullins, another Mayflower passengers lived.
Browne was a son of William Brown of Dorking.
He had an older sister and four brothers.
Bennelong's health was probably ruined by drinking alcohol.
He died at Kissing Point (now known as Putney, in Sydney's North West) on 3 January 1813.
He was buried in the orchard of the brewer James Squire, a great friend to Bennelong and his clan.
On May 13, 1917, Lucia and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto, were herding sheep at a location known as Cova da Iria, near their hometown village, Fatima.
Lúcia described seeing a woman brighter than the sun, shedding rays of light clearer and stronger than a crystal ball filled with the most sparkling water and pierced by the burning rays of the sun.
Amazed, Lucia and her cousins ran back to their village and told everyone what they saw.
Further appearances of the Virgin Mary were reported on the thirteenth day of the month in June and July.
In these, the Virgin Mary asked the children to do acts of penance and Acts of Reparation as well as personal sacrifice to save sinners.
The children subsequently wore tight cords around their waists to cause themselves pain, performed self-flagellation using stinging nettles, abstained from drinking water on hot days, and performed other works of penance.
According to Lúcia's account, in the course of her appearances, the woman confided to the children three secrets, now known as the Three Secrets of Fátima.
As early as July 1917, it was claimed that the Virgin Mary promised a miracle for the last of her apparitions on October 13, so that all could believe.
What happened became known as The Miracle of the Sun.
A huge crowd with about 70,000 people came to witness this miracle.
People who witnessed this miracle said that they saw the Sun dance.
They also said that they could look at the sun without any problems.
As the crowd was looking at the sun, Lucio, Jacinta, and Fransisco said they saw lovely images of the Holy Family, Our Lady of Sorrows with Jesus Christ, and then Our Lady of Mount Carmel.
They said they saw Saint Joseph and Jesus bless the people.
Eight years after the Fátima events, Sister Lúcia was living in a Dorothean convent in Pontevedra, Spain.
She reported that on December 10, 1925 she experienced another apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
On this occasion, in Sister Lucia's own words, the Virgin returned as She had promised at Fatima to relate the specific requirements for the Communion of Reparation on the First Saturdays.
During this alleged apparition, the Child Jesus asked Sister Lúcia to have compassion on His Mother, referring to her as the heavenly mother of Sister Lúcia.
Later On February 15, 1926 Lucia reported to have seen the child Jesus when emptying a garbage can in the garden.
The child (Jesus) told Lucia to not do any more promoting for the first First Saturday's devotion.
At this point, the Virgin Mary is said to have set the parameters of the Five First Saturdays devotion.
If one fulfilled these conditions on the First Saturday of five consecutive months, the Virgin Mary promised special graces at the hour of death.
Buster started swimming as a very young boy.
He was 15 years old when he joined his school's swim team.
In his last year at school, he was captain of the team.
He graduated with four letters in varsity sports.
After high school, he competed in many swim meets and won many awards and titles.
He kept training and competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics at Los Angeles.
He won the gold medal in the 400-meter freestyle by a tenth of a second.
This was a new world record.
He was the only US male swimmer to win Gold at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He became a sports superstar known around the world.
The memorial is located next to the Garden of the Missing in Action in the National Military and Police Cemetery in Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.
The memorial was built with stone of exposed concrete in a shape of boat in a corner of a water pool.
The stone has the names of the 23 fighters, including the name of the British officer who was lost with them.
The memorial was built in 1951 by the architect Dr.
Asher Hirem who also planned the national military and police cemetery in Mount Herzl and many other memorials in Israel.
The female equivalent of this title may be styled marquess.
This rank may be held by the wife of a marquis or granted to a woman in her own right.
In 1949, Hadley is explaining that he is being taxed on an inheritance, and Andy offers to help him legal shelter some money to avoid penalization by the IRS.
Bogs and his henchmen attack Andy again, forcing him to the infirmary for a month.
Hadley savagely beats Bogs in retribution, paralyzing him and transferring him to a prison hospital upstate.
Andy is assigned to help out elderly inmate Brooks Halten in the prison's library, where he helps resolve financial matters by writing weekly letters to the state legislature requesting funds.
During the next roll call, the guards find Andy's cell vacant, prompting them to sound the alarm for Norton, who demands an explanation of Andy's whereabouts.
Irate and paranoid, Norton hurls some rocks, which one of them rips a poster, finding a big hole in the wall.
A flashback shows Andy using rope to escape through the tunnel and a sewage pipe, taking Norton's suit, shoes, and ledger, containing proof of the money laundering.
After his escape, Andy poses as Randall Stephens, withdraws the laundered money from several banks, and mails the ledger and other evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper.
FBI agents and state police storm Shawshank and arrest Hadley, while Norton dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to avoid his arrest.
An electric violin is a string instrument which is played with a bow, like a normal violin.
The strings are usually tuned to the notes G, D, A, and E, but it could have its pitches changed as it is electric.
It is held between the left collar bone (near the shoulder) and the chin.
Different notes are made by fingering with the left hand while bowing with the right.
It has no frets or other markers.
Players have to learn the exact place to put the fingers of the left hand and memorise them.
Luthiers tend to fix electric violins as well.
CIDCO planned and constructed all the railway stations in Navi Mumbai and developed nearby areas commercially.
The main event was the culmination of the rivalry between Georges St-Pierre and Nick Diaz, with the latter having expressed his desire to fight the current champion for nearly two years.
The Atari Lynx is a handheld video game console made by Atari.
It was released in September 1989.
Below, Revelation 20:11-15 is written to show the section of the Bible this judgment appears in.
Book of Life, and the dead were judged according to their works, which are the things recorded inside the books.
13 The sea gave up the dead which were in it, and Death and Hell gave up the dead which were in them: and they were each judged according to their works.
14 Then Death and Hell were cast into the Lake of Fire, which is the second death.
15 Anyone not found written in the Book of Life was cast into the Lake of Fire.
At the weigh-ins, Charles Oliveira failed to make weight by four tenths of pound on his first try.
1.
1.
After the mandate was approved by the League of Nations on July 24, 1922, the mandate became officially operative on September 29, 1923.
This led to an increase in Jewish immigration, as about 95,510 thousand Jews immigrated to Palestine from 1920-1926.
This was also due to the Balfour Declaration.
However the Balfour Declaration also had an impact on the Arab nationalists in Palestine.
There was a large increase in Palestinian nationalism, due to an increase in Zionist immigration and settlement.
Because of this, riots broke out in 1929 between Zionists and Palestinian nationalists.
This was in the form of mob violence in the cities, and in the form of assaults against settlers and sabotage of crops and land in the countryside.
As a result of these disturbances between the two groups, two commissions were established by the British.
One was the Shaw Commission(focused on finding the underlying conditions leading to the violence), and the other one was the Hope-Simpson Commission(whose goal was to create plans to deal with the problems found by the Shaw Commission).
The conclusions of these commissions were put into a British ‘White Paper’.
This White Paper included plans on how to in increase better economic conditions, and stressed that the British are to treat the Arabs and Jews equally.
In 1933 Arab Executive Committee published a manifesto that spoke out against British and Zionist collaboration.
In October 1933 the Arab Executive Committee wanted an anti-government demonstration in Jeruzalem, which caused an outburst of violence.
This led to Jewish and Arab leaders having several meetings in 1934 in an effort to decrease their differences.
However, this did not help, as rioting continued until 1936.
C.
myrtifolia is a shrub to 2–3 m tall without hairs and with shiny leaves like the leaves of the myrtle (myrtifolia means leaves like the leaves of the myrtle).
It produces small greenish flowers in spring (April to June) in racemes (a kind of inflorescence).
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010 was the eighth edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest.
It took place in Minsk, Belarus on 20 November 2010.
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011 was the ninth edition of the contest, and took place in Yerevan, Armenia at the recently renovated Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex.
It was the first time in history of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest that the contest was held in last year's winning country.
The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was the seventh edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest and took place in Kiev, Ukraine.
It was scheduled for 21 November.
13 countries were confirmed by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) to compete in the Contest.
Each country decided their votes through a 50% jury and 50% televoting system which decided their top ten songs using the points 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1.
In 2012, Chicago magazine named her one of the 100 most powerful Chicagoans.
In 2011 the Forbes 400 list of America's wealthiest showed her as the 263rd richest person in the U.S., estimated net worth of US $1.7 billion, and the world's 651st richest person.
The first DF4C was built in 1985 in Dalian.
The first two DF4Cs followed the appearance of DF4B Locomotive.
DF4C using the 16V240ZJC engine.
It took fifteen years to build all 845 locomotives of this type.
Stephen Hopkins died sometime between June 6, 1644 and July 17th of that year.
He made his will on June 6, 1644 and requested that he be buried next to his deceased wife, Elizabeth.
The inventory was taken on July 17, 1644 and besides his deceased wife, he mentions sons Giles and Caleb, daughter Constance, wife of Nicholas Snow, daughters Deborah, Damaris, Ruth and Elizabeth.
The supercontinent Rodinia began forming in this period.
Televote 12, 10, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 points.
La Soufrière (“The Sulfurer) or Soufrière Saint Vincent is an active volcano on the island of Saint Vincent in the Windward Islands of the Caribbean.
It is in the northern part of the island of Saint Vincent in the Saint David and Charlotte parishes.
The mountain is surrounded by the towns of Wallibou and Chateaubelair to the southwest, Fancy to the north, Orange Hill and Georgetown to the southeast and the Richmond Peak and Mount Brisbane to the south.
The Centralien Programme typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience.
Thus undergraduate studies + the Centralien Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
An Off-by-one error is a logic error that often occurs in Computer programming and that often involves the checking of boundary conditions.
In April 2010, radio astronomers at the Jodrell Bank Observatory of the University of Manchester reported an unknown object in M82.
The object started sending out radio waves, and the emission did not look like anything seen anywhere in the universe before.
Turks feared the permanent occupation and Hellenization of parts of Anatolia, with Ionia falling under direct Athenian governance, and separatism and revolt by Ottoman Greeks resulting in the establishment of Pontic state on the Black Sea.
This concerns increased drastically after Greek landing in Smyrna on 15th of May and became one of main reasons (and justifications) for final stage of the genocide.
In late May 1919, Kemal, having just arrived in Samsun, informed Constantinople that since the Armistice forty guerilla bands, in an organized program, were killing Turks in order to establish a Pontus state.
But the reality was different.
All this separatist hubbub resulted in almost no acts of organized rebellion and very little anti-Turk actions.
Most Ottoman Greeks, in the Pontus as elsewhere in Anatolia, remained unmoved by ethnic-nationalist appeals.
An American diplomat who toured the major Pontic cities in summer 1919 reported, many of the most influential and rational Greeks...
In Trebizond view this policy [of separatism] with disfavor..
The local Greek Archbishop, Chrysantonos, was also opposed.
Why Ottoman Greeks by and large distanced themselves from the pan-Hellenic national message, and certainly failed to act on it, is unclear.
Perhaps it was matter of poorly developed political consciousness; perhaps it was due to the centuries-long tradition of submissiveness to Islamic hegemony.
Also they feared massacre - as had just befallen Armenians.
Demographic realities assuredly contributed: Turks predominate in Pontus, as in Anatolia in general - and Pontic Greeks knew it, whatever their spokesmen sometimes said.
The Mayflower left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620.
There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew.
On 19 November 1620, the Mayflower spotted land.
The Mayflower was supposed to land in Virginia Colony, but the ship was damaged and they were forced to land at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.
They landed on 21 November.
They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.
Christopher Martin signed the Mayflower Compact.
His step-son and his servant were too young to sign.
After he took office, Bucaram tried to fix the state, which included trying to fix the stock process started by Osvaldo Hurtado (1980, Popular Democracy Party), and supported by the next three presidents: León Febres Cordero (1984, PSC), Rodrigo Borja Cevallos (1988, Democratic Left) and Sixto Durán Ballén (1992, ex-PSC).
Quail [pronounced Kwāl] is a collective name for several genera of mid-sized birds in the order Galliformes.
The birds in this group are often referred to as fowl.
Plymouth Colony lost over half of its population because of sickness, lack of proper food and the cold winter.
With the help of friendly Native Americans, they learned to grow food.
In 1621, Winslow and the others attended what would have the first Thanksgiving.
On February 21, 1621, William White died leaving a widow, Susanna, and two sons, Resolved and Peregrine.
Edward Winslow had lost his wife Elizabeth on March 24, 1621.
In 1621, Edward Winslow and Susanna White became the first couple to marry in Plymouth Colony.
They had 5 children: A (child) who died young, Edward Winslow, Josiah Winslow and Elizabeth.
Josiah became the 13th Governor of Plymouth Colony.
Behold!the angels said: O Mary!Allah hath chosen thee and purified thee- chosen thee above the women of all nations.
Indeed, in Rome the Pope promoted a huge art program (like the construction of St.
Peter Cathedral and the Sistine Chapel) that brought to the eternal city artists of the level of Michelangelo, Raphael, Cellini, and Bramante.
Seventy-five is a natural number.
It comes after seventy-four and before seventy-six.
25 * 3 is 75.
Heptathlon is an athletics event meaning 7 contests.
The male and female events are different.
It has been an Olympic event for women since 1984.
As of 2013, Jessica Ennis is the current Olympic Gold medalist in Heptathlon.
In September 1941 Benito Mussolini, ordered the military occupation of the entire Dalmatian coast and islands (like Ragusa, Lissa, and Pago) that belonged to fascist Croatia of Ante Pavelić: he tried to annex those areas to the Governorship of Dalmatia, but was temporarily stopped by the strong opposition of Pavelić, who retained nominal control of those areas.
The Governatorate of Dalmatia consisted of three provinces: Zara, Cattaro and Spalato.
The administrative capital was Zara.
After autumn 1941 also the Dalmatian islands of Pago and Lesina were annexed.
These islands were occupied militarily by the Italian army, along with an area of fascist Croatia that was off the coast of Segna to the center of Bosnia (near Sarajevo and Banja Luka).
Later reception of the album has been mostly positive.
Steve Huey of the online music database Allmusic scored the album four and a half stars calling it arguably Devo's strongest set of material, though several brilliant peaks can overshadow the remainder, and a seminal touchstone in the development of American new wave.
Q: Are We Not Men?A: We Are Devo!
is on best of lists, including Spin's 50 Most Essential Punk Records, Pitchfork Media's top 100 albums of 1970s and Rolling Stone<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
John Howland was born in Fenstanton, Huntingdon, England around 1591 and was the son of Margaret and Henry Howland, and the brother of Henry and Arthur Howland.
The brothers travelled later from England to Plymouth.
They had ten children.
Desire, John, Hope, Elizabeth, Lydia, Hannah, Joseph, Jabez, Ruth and Isaac.
In Binary and BCD -code, 101 means number 5.
The book continues directly from the events of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Willy Wonka has just given his factory to Charlie.
In a flying machine known as the Great Glass Elevator, they crash through the roof of Charlie's house and tell his family the good news.
The Libertarian Party has had a number of records, such as being the first party to get an electoral vote for a woman in a United States presidential election.
On May 5, 2012, Gary Johnson received the Libertarian Party's official nomination for President of the United States in the 2012 election.
In 2016, Johnson once again became the party's nominee with running mate William Weld.
In the United States presidential election, 2016 they won more popular votes than ever before.
In 2020, Jo Jorgensen became the Presidential nominee with the running mate Spike Cohen.
The village is the home of Édith Butler, who sings the song Paquetville.
The chromosome number is variable, n=10-21 or more.
Angelou became a poet and writer after a series of jobs as a young adult, including fry cook, sex worker, nightclub dancer and performer, cast member of Porgy and Bess, coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and journalist in Egypt and Ghana during the decolonization of Africa.
She was an actress, director, producer of plays, movies, and public television programs, and writer.
In 1982, she earned the first lifetime Reynolds Professorship of American Studies at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Angelou was active in the Civil Rights Movement and worked with Martin Luther King, Jr.
and Malcolm X.
Beginning in the 1990s, Angelou made around 80 appearances a year on the lecture circuit, something she continued into her eighties.
In 1993, Angelou recited her poem On the Pulse of Morning (1993) at Bill Clinton's inauguration, making her the first poet to make an inaugural recitation since Robert Frost at John F.
Kennedy's inauguration in 1961.
The region was explored in 1821 by Captain Roland, who was searching for farm land.
Land was granted to new settlers, and the town is now a major farming centre.
There are a large number of farms of all types in the area.
The Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), also called sunroot, sunchoke, earth apple or topinambour, is a species of sunflower native to eastern North America, and found from eastern Canada and Maine west to North Dakota, and south to northern Florida and Texas.
It is also cultivated widely across the temperate zone for its tuber, which is used as a root vegetable.
Rosacea is common chronic inflammatory skin disorder that is characterized by redness, erythema, telangiectasis, papules or pustules, hyperplasia, or a combination of these manifestations.
It gets worse if left untreated.
There are four types of rosacea, three involving human skin and the fourth affecting eyes.
In 1996, Ramirez married Doreen Lioy when he was in prison.
The 1968 Monaro came in 7 different models, ranging from a straight-six cylinder engine up to a V8 engine.
The Monaro had eight different models over two generations.
Dora Baltea is formed on the Mont Blanc by the confluence, near Entrèves, of two small rivers: Dora di Ferret, that comes from the Pré de Bar Glacier in Val Ferret; and Dora di Veny, that comes from the Miage Glacier in Val Veny.
In the following area local calls must be dialled using the area code from the date shown.
Rogers and his 18-year-old son, Joseph left Plymouth, England on 16 September 1620.
There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew.
On 19 November 1620, the Mayflower reached land at Cape Cod hook.
They landed on November 21.
They wrote the Mayflower Compact, which made rules on how they would live and treat each other.
Thomas Rogers signed the Mayflower Compact.
Billington and his family left Plymouth England on 16 September 1620.
There were 102 passengers and 30–40 crew.
On 19 November 1620, the Mayflower saw land.
They were supposed to land in the Colony of Virginia, but the ship was damaged so they landed at Cape Cod now called Provincetown Harbor.
A movie based on the comic strip was released in 1946.
It was by Comet Productions.
The 56-minute movie stars Jo Ann Marlowe as Little Iodine, Hobart Cavanaugh as her father Henry, and Irene Ryan as her mother Cora.
Resolved White married Judith Vassall, the daughter of William Vassall.
Elizabeth Chase Olsen was born on February 16, 1989, in Sherman Oaks, California.
Her mother, Jarnie, is a former dancer, while her father, Dave, is a real estate agent.
She is the younger sister of twins Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who became television and film actresses as children.
Olsen also has an older brother, a younger half-brother, and a younger half-sister.
Her parents divorced in 1996.
Olsen has been an atheist since the age of 13 because she believed that religion should be about community and having a place to go in prayer, not something that should determine women's freedoms.
She is an ambassador for the company Bobbi Brown Cosmetics.
She and actor Boyd Holbrook were in a relationship from 2011 to 2014.
16.
WRESTLING, b.
--- ; m.
Mary --- .
He married Sarah Collier at Plymouth, Plymouth Colony in 1634, and sired four children upon her.
He was active in the community, and died at Duxbury, north of Plymouth, about 1651.
The term femicide refers to killing women.
Feminist Diana Russell is one of the many early pioneers of the term; she defines the word as referring to killing women because of their gender.
The term was first used around 1801 in England to represent the killing of women.
The term has created controversy, and other feminists differ on what the word femicide really means.
Two days per year there is a race, 24 hours race Bois de la Cambre that is played by the young scouts other activities are also organized for the young scouts.
In 2013 the 24 hours race was canceled because of the cold, wind and rain.
Other smaller events are also organized in the park.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a novel written by John Boyne.
Bruno's father is a commandant in World War II and the family moves house to Out-With so that he can work closer to concentration camps under the Fury's orders.
After staying there for some time, Bruno makes friends with a Jewish boy named Shmuel on the other side of the fence.
They meet up on their side of the fence whenever they can.
On the day where Bruno is meant to move back to Berlin, he accidentally enters a gas chamber while attempting to look for Shmuel's father and dies while holding hands with the Jewish boy.
The female is smaller than the male, somewhat duller in plumage and more heavily marked, with reduced red facial skin, a shorter crest and lacking the male’s .
Surveys in 1981 and 2003 in the Dhorpatan area of western Nepal found that there were 70 places where the birds were heard, suggesting that many birds exist in this area (approximately 200 birds).
In another survey in 2010, Cheer pheasant was detected in 21 calling sites in Kullu district of Himachal Pradesh.
The silvertip shark may be confused with the grey reef shark (Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos), but the grey reef shark has dark tips on the pectoral fins and trailing edge of the caudal fin.
Also, the whitetip reef shark (Triaenodon obesus) is similar in appearance to the silvertip shark.
Although both shark species have white markings on the dorsal and caudal fins, the whitetip reef shark doesn't have these markings on the tips of the pectoral fins.
The whitetip reef shark also has a more square-shaped snout.
Silvertip sharks are somewhat dangerous.
According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), there have been four unprovoked attacks by this species on humans, with no deaths.
Arguably, humans are much more dangerous to the shark.
Silvertips are caught by commercial and artisan fisheries across their range using longlines, gillnets, and trawls, both intentionally and as bycatch.
Their fins are highly valued for shark-fin soup and are sold on the export market, along with their skin and cartilage.
George's ancestors include William Nutt (1698–1751), a weaver of English ancestry.
William left Londonderry, Ulster, Northern Ireland for North America in the early 18th century.
He started a family in colonial New England.
A part of Manchester was called Nutfield in the early days of settlement.
A pond and a road near the pond were named for early Nutt settlers.
Salaries started at US$12 per week with increases every year.
The two brothers would each get $30 per week in the fifth and last year of their contract.
They would also get 10% from the sales of their souvenir books and photographs, with at least $240 the first year and $440 the last year.
At the end of the fifth year, they would receive a carriage and a pair of ponies from Barnum.
The four little ones left the United States on 21 June 1869.
They travelled 60,000 miles around the world, visited 587 cities and towns, and gave 1,471 performances of songs, speeches, and military drills.
They returned to America in 1872.
Nutt and Barnum argued after the tour.
Nutt quit.
He joined Harry Deakin's Lilliputian Comic Opera Company.
This company toured America in an operetta called Jack, the Giant Killer.
After his failures on the West Coast, Nutt went back to New York City.
He bought a saloon.
One day, he was caught selling liquor without a license.
The New York City courts closed his saloon.
Nutt was in charge of an amusement area called Rockaway Pier for a time.
He returned to performing with an act called Tally-Ho.
The game has inspired more games by Disney Mobile, “Where’s My Perry?
and “Where’s My Mickey?
were released on June 20, 2013.
A follow-up to the game, called Where's My Water?2 was released on September 2013.
The Blacknose shark is grey to greenish grey with black tips on the second dorsal fin and dorsal caudal lobe.
The black spot under the tip of the snout makes this shark easy to differ from other shark species which are found in the same region.
The upper jaw of the Blacknose shark has 12-13 rows of teeth on each side with 11-12 rows on the lower jaw.
Teeth on the upper jaw are quite narrow and triangular with slanting cusps along with rough serrations along the bases than the tips.
The lower jaw also has cusped serrated teeth with broad bases.
There is one symphysial tooth in the upper jaw and one or two in the lower jaw.
Blacknose sharks are viviparous, and mate in late May and early June and have a 10-11 month gestation period.
Currently, Blacknose sharks seem to have two different reproductive cycles in the Northwestern Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico.
Studies have shown that female Blacknose sharks in the Gulf of Mexico reproduce every year, while females in the Atlantic reproduce once every two years.
The Juvenile Miscellany was a 19th-century American bimonthly children's magazine published in Boston, Massachusetts between 1826 and 1836.
It was founded by Lydia Maria Child.
Publishers varied over the years, but the original publisher was John Putnam.
Sarah Josepha Hale edited the magazine as a monthly between September 1834 and April 1836.
Muskie graduated from Bates College in 1936.
He graduated from Cornell University Law School in 1939.
He enlisted in the U.S.
Navy during World War II.
He served in the Atlantic and Asiatic-Pacific Theaters from 1942 to 1945.
Sir Henry de Bohun (died 23 June 1314) was an English knight, the nephew of Humphrey de Bohun, Earl of Hereford.
He was killed on the first day of the Battle of Bannockburn by King Robert the Bruce.
Axes designed for warfare ranged in weight from just over 0.5 kg to 3 kg (1 to 6 pounds), and in length from just over 30 cm to upwards of 1.5 m (1 to 5 feet), as in the case of the Danish axe or the sparth axe.
Cleaving weapons longer than 1.5 m would arguably fall into the category of polearms.
Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
Rest of their bones, and soul's delivery.
And better than thy stroke; why swell'st thou then?
And death shall be no more, death, thou shalt die.
In bacteria, antibacterial sulfonamides inhibit the enzyme DHPS.
The enzyme makes folic acid, a B vitamin.
The microorganism is starved of folate and dies.
A pike is a kind of polearm.
It is a very long heavy thrusting spear formerly used by infantry.
A pike is not intended to be thrown.
Pikes were used regularly in European warfare starting in the early Middle Ages.
Until around 1700 pikes were used by foot soldiers in close order formations.
The pike was a long weapon that got longer over time.
It could be as long as 20 feet (6 m).
It had a wooden shaft with an iron or steel .
It had metal along the sides for three feet (1m) behind the tip so it would not be cut off by a sword or axe.
The Times Square Ball is a time ball (a ball dropped at a certain time) at the top of the One Times Square building in Times Square in New York City.
It is used as part of the New Year's Eve celebration held yearly in Times Square.
Danielle was born in Brooklyn, New York.
He came to England in 1922 with a small dance band that was led by the drummer, Ed Krick.
Kunz liked London so well that he did not want to leave, so that band returned without him to Pennsylvania.
In England, he soon became such a popular pianist that he gave up his own orchestra to just work at his piano playing.
He played at ballroom and nightclub venues and also on the BBC radio.
Two of Britain's most famous female vocalists were with his band in the 1930s; Vera Lynn and Welsh songstress Dorothy Squires.
His best known singer was George Barclay, who was known as a crooner, a popular singing style at that time.
The House of Tusculum were a powerful noble family of Latium, Italy.
They were the Counts of Tusculum between the 10th and 12th centuries.
Several popes and an antipope during the 11th century came from their family.
The counts of Tusculum were influential figures in Roman politics and religion for more than a century.
Elizabeth Anne Lizzy Caplan (born June 30, 1982) is an American television and movie actress.
She has played many roles.
She played Janis Ian in Mean Girls, Marlena Diamond in Cloverfield and Gena in Bachelorette.
She also played Amy Burley in the show True Blood.
Since 2013 she has played Virginia E.
Johnson in Masters of Sex.
The parasitoid wasps include some very large groups.
Some estimates suggest the Chalcidoidea has 500,000 species, the Ichneumonidae 100,000 species, and the Braconidae up to 50,000 species.
In 1864 the westernizing Ottoman sultan Abdülaziz imported 90 mares and two stallions from Count Branickis studs in Bialocerkiew/Poland.
The dynasty was named after its second king, Agis.
The dynasty is named after its third king Eurypon.
Not shown is Lycurgus, who served for a short time as regent either for the minor Charilaus (780–750 BC) or for Labotas (870–840 BC) the Agiad.
In order to secure the American copyright, the operetta premiered in New York City at the Fifth Avenue Theatre on 31 December 1879.
Sullivan conducted.
The painting was first shown in 1932.
It has been in the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City since 1934.
The painting typifies what critics call surrealism.
Both species are large and stocky, have a wide, blunt snout, and have two large dorsal fins of similar size.
They are both yellowish-brown on their dorsal surface, and have a white belly.
McLuhan is known for coining the expressions the medium is the message and the global village.
All songs written by Robbie Robertson except where noted.
Manuel Garnica Roldan (born August 25, 1978 in Granada, Spain) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain.
He is blind, and has retinitis pigmentosa.
This means his eye sight gets worse over time.
Garnica competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics and finished sixth in the T12 marathon.
He did not finish in the 10,000 meter race.
He competed in other races, most in Spain.
2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch in the marathon where he finished fourth.
Routledge was born in Tranmere, Cheshire, England.
She has never been married and has no children.
She has lived in Chichester, West Sussex since 2000, and regularly worships at Chichester Cathedral.
Shaun T (born May 2, 1978), is an American motivational speaker, fitness trainer, fitness motivator, businessman, television personality and choreographer.
He is best known for his home fitness programs for adults and children which include T25, Insanity and Hip-Hop Abs.
The movie was released in North American theaters on August 3, 2001.
The movie peaked at number three in the box office.
The movie was very successful.
It grossed $165,335,153 worldwide.
A sequel, The Princess Diaries 2, was released in August 2004.
There were 29 tornadoes reported in the U.S.
in January.
Of these, 16 were confirmed.
A deadly series of tornado continued though the early hours of January 1.
Seven tornadoes formed in Mississippi over three hours.
The strongest of these was rated EF3.
It had winds of , and caused major damage along Mississippi Highway 19.
Overall damage in the state from the tornadoes totalled US$10.4 million.
Three people were injured.
There were 68 tornadoes confirmed in the U.S.
in February.
There were 75 tornadoes confirmed in the U.S.
in March.
One confirmed EF0 tornado hit the town of Crowley, Louisiana on March 5.
An EF2 tornado struck Rayne, Louisiana early that afternoon.
It killed a mother while she protected her daughter.
At least 12 others were injured.
Two EF0 tornadoes were also confirmed in the eastern part of North Carolina.
Several tornadoes formed on March 8 in northern Texas.
They moved eastward to the Florida Panhandle.
Louisiana was hit the worst.
The most destructive tornadoes, rated EF2, formed just north of New Orleans.
Two tornadoes were reported in Kentucky during the early afternoon on April 4.
Both were rated EF2 and caused several injuries.
Many buildings were reported to be destroyed, trapping people under the wreckage.
One person was killed by an EF2 tornado in Dodge County, Georgia.
Nearly 100,000 and 147,000 residences lost power in Tennessee and Georgia respectively.
On May 3, a series of thunderstorms hit the far north of New Zealand.
Around 3:00 pm NZST, a tornado formed in the suburb Albany in Auckland.
Winds were estimated at .
The tornado ranked as a high-end EF2.
It caused bad damage to much of the area.
A total of 50 homes were damaged along the tornado's path.
One person was killed and at least 20 others were injured.
On May 9, two tornadoes formed in South Dakota.
They were rated EF1 and EF2.
Continuing into May 10, the system slowly moved eastward to Minnesota.
Thunderstorms in the state produced large hail.
One EF1 tornado formed.
There were 156 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in June.
A tornado watch was issued on June 1 for parts of Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.
That afternoon, an EF3 tornado formed in downtown Springfield, Massachusetts and continued east for 39 miles.
It caused major damage to many towns, and many injuries were reported.
The tornado in Springfield was the first tornado in Massachusetts to kill somebody since 1995.
On August 1, an F2 tornado struck the city of Blagoveshchensk, in Russia.
It stayed on the ground for 13 minutes.
The storm damaged over 100 homes and 150 cars.
One person was killed and 28 were injured.
Damage from the tornado were estimated to cost €1.2 to 2 million ($1.8 to 2.9 million).
There were 59 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in August.
Early on August 10, a strong tornado hit Oklahoma near Locust Grove.
The tornado destroyed a mobile home, killing one person and injuring two others.
The tornado was rated as an EF2.
A tornado formed in Wausaukee, Wisconsin on August 19.
It was rated EF1, with winds up to .
It killed one person.
Two tornadoes formed in South Africa on October 2.
One was in the Free State and one in the East Rand, Gauteng.
Several homes were destroyed and there were 2 people killed in the township of Duduza.
There were 23 tornadoes confirmed in the United States in October.
Several tornadoes formed in central Virginia on October 13.
The worst damage was in New Kent County.
One other tornado formed near Dumfries, Virginia.
In total, five tornadoes were confirmed on this day.
A series of tornadoes formed across the south-central U.S.
on November 7 and 8.
It was focused around Texas and Oklahoma.
A total of 20 tornadoes were reported across the region.
One of the tornadoes was rated as an EF4, and was the first F4 or EF4 tornado in Oklahoma in the month of November since records began in 1950.
Most of the tornadoes, however, stayed in very rural areas.
A long series of tornadoes formed across a large part of the U.S.
starting on November 14.
They continued into November 15 and 16.
Two EF2 tornadoes formed in southwestern New York.
Farther south, more tornadoes formed late on November 15 into early on November 16 across Mississippi into Alabama.
Several of the tornadoes caused very bad damage and several injuries.
The activity spread into the Carolinas that afternoon.
An EF2 tornado just south of Rock Hill, South Carolina caused the deaths of three people.
Another EF2 tornado south of Thomasville killed two people, and caused very bad damage.
Another person was killed in Forsyth County in Georgia.
The King and I is a two-act musical.
It is based on the novel, Anna and the King of Siam by Margaret Landon.
Oscar Hammerstein II wrote the musical's book and lyrics.
Richard Rodgers wrote the music.
The musical received the 1952 Tony Award for Best Musical.
Payment cards that use chips have been in use since the early 1990s.
Beforehand, each card issuer had their own protocol.
With EMV, the protocol has been standardised.
The first version of EMV was published in 1995, and there have been different versions since then.
It was adopted in Europe before the United States, which required all new cards from 2015 on to have EMV chips.
Campoy was born on 28 October 1958 in Terrassa, Catalonia, Spain.
She was raised in Ibiza, Spain.
Campoy was divorced two times.
Her first marriage was with Jaime Roig.
She was also married to Lorenzo Díaz.
Campoy had an affair with movie producer Andrés Vicente Gómez.
She had two children.
Campoy died on 10 July 2013 in Valencia, Spain from liver failure caused by leukemia, aged 54.
Kiss Me, Kate is a musical.
The libretto was written by Samuel and Bella Spewack.
The lyrics and music were written by Cole Porter.
It is based on Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew.
It opened on Broadway in 1948.
It starred Alfred Drake and Patricia Morison.
It won the first Tony Award for Best Musical in 1949.
The musical opened in the West End in 1951.
In 1740, John Newbery worked as a printer in Reading, England.
One of the first books he printed was called The Whole Duty of Man.
It was written by Richard Allestree.
In 1743, John Newbery went to London to work as a printer there.
He gave his printing shop in Reading to John Carnan.
John Carnan was the oldest son of Jordan Mary and William Carnan.
John Newbery did not just sell books.
He sold many things.
One thing he sold was a patent medicine.
It may not have been a good medicine, but John Newbery wrote about it in the books that he sold, and so people knew its name and bought it when they were sick.
Charles Boardman Hawes (January 24, 1889 – July 16, 1923) was an American writer.
He wrote stories about the sea.
Some of the stories were true and some were not true.
His best-known stories are not true; they are fictional.
He died when he was 34 years old.
He was the third person who won the Newbery Medal, and he was the first winner who was born in the United States.
Hendrik Willem van Loon was born in the Netherlands and Hugh Lofting was born in England.
The New York Times said his books were like books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Richard Henry Dana, Jr., and Herman Melville.
Charles Boardman Hawes wrote two more books before he died.
One was called Gloucester, by Land and Sea.
It was a true story about Gloucester, Massachusetts, which was the town where Hawes lived.
This book was published two days after he died.
The other book was called The Dark Frigate, Wherein is told the story of Philip Marsham who lived in the time of King Charles and was bred a sailor but came home to England after many hazards by sea and land and fought for the King at Newbury and lost a great inheritance and departed for Barbados by the same ship, by curious chance, in which he had long before adventured with the pirates.
That book won the Newbery Medal for 1924.
In 1962 The Dark Frigate also won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award.
Bernard Gay Marshall (August 23, 1875 - December 14, 1945) was an American writer.
He wrote long stories about people who lived in the past.
His stories were for children and young adults.
One of his stories, Cedric the Forester, was a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
Bernard Gay Marshall was born in North Easton, Massachusetts.
His father was named Francis F.
Marshall.
His mother was named Helen F.
Doten Marshall.
He lived in North Easton until he grew up.
He always wanted to be a writer who made up stories.
He did not think he could earn much money by making up stories, so he worked at other jobs.
Some of those jobs were playing music, writing down the words that people said when they talked about the law, and writing to tell people about how machines worked or about things that they could buy.
During World War I he worked at making ships.
In July 1903, Bernard Gay Marshall married Ida M.
Conklin.
They had one daughter.
Her name was Harriet C.
Marshall.
Bernard Gay Marshall wrote five adventure stories for children and young adults.
He also wrote a lot of short stories and nonfiction articles for magazines.
Some of these magazines were Sunset, Boys' Life, St Nicholas, Munsey's Magazine, The American Magazine, and The American Boy.
His first book, Cedric the Forester, was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
Some people said that Bernard Marshall's books were as good as Sir Walter Scott's books, but other people said they were not quite that good.
A lot of people said that his books were so good that grown-ups and children should all read them.
The Old Tobacco Shop: A True Account of What Befell a Little Boy in Search of Adventure is a book for children by William Bowen.
It is a fantasy story.
It was published by Macmillan in 1921.
Reginald Birch drew the pictures.
It was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles is a children's book.
It was written by Padraic Colum.
Willy Pogany drew the pictures.
This book uses English words to tell a lot of stories that were told in the Greek language before.
The stories are very old.
This book was published in 1921.
In 1922, it was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book.
In 1912, Padraic Colum and Mary Gunning Maguire got married.
Mary worked at a school which Padraig Pearse started.
Padraig Pearse was a member of the Gaelic League.
He was a friend of Padraic and Mary.
Padraig Pearse's school was called Scoil Éanna.
It was in Rathfarnam, County Dublin.
Padraic and Mary lived in Donnybrook.
Donnybrook is part of Dublin.
Every Tuesday, Padraic and Mary asked lots of good writers to come to their house and talk to each other about writing.
Later, Padraic and Mary moved to Howth.
Howth was a very small town or village near Dublin.
Most of the people who lived in Howth worked at catching fish.
In 1914, Padraic and Mary moved to the United States of America.
They thought they would stay for two or three months.
They stayed in the United States for eight years.
Mary and Padraic Colum started writing a book that they called Our Friend James Joyce.
In 1957, before the book was done, Mary Colum died.
Padraic finished the book by himself.
It was published in 1958.
When he was an old man, Padraic did not live in one place.
He lived in the United States for part of the time and in Ireland for part of the time.
In 1961 he got a Regina Medal from the Catholic Library Association.
This medal meant that Padraic had written a lot of books for children.
It also meant that the people who gave him the medal liked Padraic's books.
Padraic Colum died in Enfield, Connecticut, when he was 90 years old.
He was buried in Ireland, in St Fintan's Cemetery, Sutton.
Sutton is a part of Dublin.
The list of game consoles to be released in 2013 in North America.
The Japanese breed generally weighs between 40 and 60 kg, while the non-Japanese breeders have focused on dogs that weigh from 55 to 95 kg and stand 24.5 to 31 inches (62 to 80 cm) at the withers.
An opera Eugene Onegin by Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky has been composed based upon the book.
The Eurocopter AS-532 Cougar is the military variant of the AS-332 Super Puma helicopter.
It is built by Eurocopter.
It is used by countries such as Albania, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, France, Germany, Malawi, Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Slovenia, Spain, Turkey, Venezuela, and Zimbabwe.
After gaining independence in 1991 with the end of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan made the long and difficult change from a command economy to a market economy.
The government has largely completed privatization of agricultural lands and small, medium and large stateowned companies.
Azerbaijan is still making economic reforms.
With independence, Azerbaijan became a member of the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Islamic Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank.
Azerbaijan's currency is the Azerbaijani manat which is divided into 100 qəpik.
It became the national currency in 1992 and replaced the old Soviet ruble.
The Central Bank of Azerbaijan was created in 1992 as Azerbaijan's central bank.
It is responsible for printing and distributing the national currency, the Azerbaijani manat, and controlling all commercial banks.
Going forward, the right foot ends up to the left of the left foot and somewhat behind it.
Going backwards, the left foot ends up to the right of the right foot and slightly in front of it.
DC motors can be considered using two general categories, stepper motors and servo motors.
Servo motors needs a continuous feedback of position to control the state of the motor in order to give the motor specific or desired speed or position.
These types of stepper motor are usually more expensive because they required additional circuitry to acquire this constant positional feedback.
The other type of generalized motor is called a stepper motor.
This stepper motor is commonly used for simple experiments because it is inexpensive.
It doesn't require the position of the motor to be known, hence it won't require additional circuitry.
A stepper motor turns to a specific positions in using a constant sequence.
This sequence can be achieved in multiple ways.
Afrikan tähti is a popular Finnish board game.
It was designed by Kari Mannerla.
It has been produced since 1951.
In 1993, Thomas won the Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Journalism.
As you may know, a computer is really powerful.
But it lacks the power to think and learn.
As a result, a computer has to be fed each and every instruction for a task you may want done.
But it is not practical to type in each and every instruction again and again for a task, especially if you tend to use it a lot.
As a solution to this, header files are used.
For example, consider the word cout which is used by C++ to display outputs on the screen.
The computer, however, does not know what cout is.
So, it checks if cout exists in a dictionary file (i.e.
the header file) that has been mentioned by the programmer.
If it finds what to do when someone says cout, the program will be compiled properly.
Otherwise, it will simply result in an error that so-and-so word has not been understood by the compiler.
The story is about three protagonists: retired bank robber Michael De Santa, street gangster Franklin Clinton, and drug dealer and gunrunner Trevor Philips.
They attempts to commit robberies while under pressure from a corrupt government agency and powerful criminals.
The Carolingians called Maine pagis cenomannicus after the Cenomani tribe that Julius Caesar had defeated.
Pepin the Short gave the duchy of Maine to his half-brother Grifo.
Urban design is a subject of urban planning focusing on design of cities or other urban areas.
Whereas architecture focuses on individual buildings, urban design is about the design of whole neighbourhoods and entire cities.
It is about making them functional and attractive.
Both the valley of the Tech and its mouth are part of Natura 2000, an ecological network of protected areas in the European Union.
Vanuatu has diplomatic relations with more than 65 countries.
It has a very small network of embassies.
Only Australia, France, New Zealand, and the People's Republic of China have embassies, high commissions, or missions in Port Vila.
The British High Commission closed in 2005, after having been there for almost 100 years.
The government's main concern has been to improve the economy.
It has a strong need for foreign aid, so Vanuatu has joined the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Since 1980, Australia, France, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand have provided most of Vanuatu's development aid.
Vanuatu's foreign policy is fairly neutral.
It stayed neutral during the Cold War.
They have been a member of the Non-Aligned Movement since 1983.
However, it has always given strong support for self-determination and decolonisation, especially throughout Melanesia.
Vanuatu became independent from France and the United Kingdom in 1980.
The first government recognised the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in November of the same year.
It recognised the State of Palestine in August 1989.
Later governments recognised Kosovo in 2010 and Abkhazia in 2011.
Vanuatu has also supported the independence of New Caledonia and East Timor, and it strongly supports the Free Papua Movement in western New Guinea.
Its relations with Indonesia have suffered because of this.
Relations with Australia and New Zealand are a major focus of Vanuatu's foreign policy.
The New South Wales Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the parliament of New South Wales in Australia.
The upper house is the Legislative Council.
Both sit at Parliament House in the state capital, Sydney.
The Assembly has 93 members, each elected to a single-member constituency, known as seats.
Voting is by the optional preferential system.
Members of the Legislative Assembly have the acronym MP after their names.
Religious separatist groups and sects want to withdraw from some larger religious groups.
William married first (960)to Emma, daughter of Hugh The Great of France.
They were promised to each other when both were very young.
She died after 19 March 968, before they had any children.
Richard was known to have had several other concubines and had children with many of them.
The Magi were wise men from the east who came to Jerusalem during the reign of Herod: 'saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews?' ( Gospel of Matthew chapter 2 verse 1) Their visit to Jesus, guided by the Star of Bethlehem is celebrated every year at Epiphany on January 6, just after Christmas.
Hugh's second wife was Eadhild, daughter of Edward the Elder, king of the Anglo-Saxons.
They married in 926 and she died in 938, childless.
Richard II died 28 Aug 1026.
The Hawker Sea Hawk is a British military jet aircraft.
It was designed and built as a fighter aircraft for the Royal Navy.
It was designed and built for operations from the British aircraft carriers.
Foreign operators were Germany, India, and Netherlands.
The Hawker Siddeley HS-748 is a British civilian aircraft.
Designed and built as an airliner it was also used by militaries as cargo aircraft and for aerial test support.
The Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk is a US military jet aircraft.
It was the first stealth aircraft to be declared operational.
It was only used by US Air Force until 2003.
It was used in the Gulf War.
It was also used by NATO air attacks in Kosovo in 1999.
Some Jewish holidays have special rituals, like the Seder of Passover or the sukkah, lulav and etrog of Sukkot.
In the Torah, there are no rituals like that for Shemini Atzeret.
But starting at the time of the Talmud, Shemini Atzeret became the holiday for finishing the annual reading of the Torah in the synagogue.
The celebration of that—called Simchat Torah— has become the main feature of the holiday.
In synagogues, one section of the Torah is read on every Shabbat of the year.
The last section, from Deuteronomy, is read on the holiday of Shemini Atzeret.
Over the last 1000 years, the reading of the last section has become a big celebration called Simchat Torah, or Rejoicing of the Torah.
This celebration is so important that the whole day of the celebration is called Simchat Torah.
In Israel, this celebration happens on the single day of the holiday, 22 Tishrei.
Outside of Israel, it happens on the second of the two days, 23 Tishrei.
Simchat Torah evening is a wikt:festive and child-friendly holiday.
After the regular holiday evening prayers, all the Torahs are taken from the wikt:ark.
Members of the synagogue march or dance around the synagogue seven times with the Torahs.
Each time around the synagogue, the people pray Save us!Answer us on the day we call!
Sometimes the dancing moves from the synagogue to the street outside.
Sometimes the dancing can go late into the evening, with extra songs and prayers added.
One very common custom is for people—especially children—to march or dance with flags, sometimes with candles or apples on top.
At the end of the dancing in most synagogues, a piece of the last Torah portion in Deuteronomy is read in public.
In Orthodox and Conservative synagogues, the very end of Deuteronomy is not read at night.
But in Reform synagogues, it sometimes is.
The Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star is an American fighter jet.
It made a few flyovers of Germany in the last weeks of the World War II.
After this war it was used in Korean War.
From 1948 its designation was changed to F-80 Shooting Star.
Robert was the second son of Richard II of Normandy and Judith.
He was probably born between 1005 and 1010.
But after negotiations by Archbishop Herveus of Reims the king was released.
The Yakovlev Yak-3 is a Soviet single-engine fighter aircraft.
It was one of the main military aircraft used in USSR for World War II.
The first flight was in 1941.
It started being used in 1943.
Some were used by French pilots of the Groupe Normandie-Niemen.
The group of three peaks runs north-northwest to southeast along the Spanish–French border.
Todmorden is a town and civil parish in Calderdale, West Yorkshire, England.
In 2011 there were 15481 people living in Todmorden.
The town hall is found in the middle of the settlement overlooking the main market area.
The market attracts many visitors.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday are the main days to find traders on the outdoor stalls.
However, the indoor market is open six days a week.
Vestris was born in Paris, the son of Gaetano Vestris and his mistress, the dancer Marie Allard.
He was taught by his father, and made his debut in 1772 in the divertissement La Cinquantaine.
He scored his first great success the following year as Amor in his father's ballet Endymion.
There are currently 3 UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Azerbaijan.
Sometimes, it is too time-consuming to wait for the land to rise.
In that case, it is possible to pump out the water in the enclosed area.
This was done in the Netherlands, where many areas are below sea level.
The problem with this approach is that it needs to be repeated, for example in the case of heavy rainfall.
The females lay two to three groups of eggs annually.
And some individuals could live to 16 years or more.
A lateral vent (the opening of a volcano from which lava flows) erupted in 1995.
The only deadly eruption was in 1847 when earthquakes produced in all the island claimed several lives.
Volcanic lava has reached the eastern coast of the island in historical times.
Isherwood was born on 26 August 1904 in Wyberslegh Hall, High Lane, Cheshire, England.
He studied at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and King's College London.
Luis Benjamín Cordero y Crespo (6 April 1833 – 30 January 1912) was President of Ecuador 1 July 1892 to 16 April 1895.
His parents were Gregorio Cordero and Josefa Crespo.
After his term ended, he served as ambassador to US from 1889 to 1890.
One can obtain an AAS, BA, BFA, BCA, MFA or an MPhil / PhD in graphic design.
Degree programs available vary depending upon the institution.
Although typical U.S.
graphic design jobs may require at least some form of degree.
Files going to press are generally printed at 300 dots per inch.
As a result, the file size can become very large, depending upon the photos and graphics used in it.
By using a layout program and linking these graphics and images (but not saving all of them in the file itself), the working file is a fraction of the file size.
When the designer is ready to go to press, s/he will either create a press-ready PDF; or use the Package function in InDesign, or the Collect For Output function in QuarkXpress or CorelDRAW (which gathers the layout document, plus all fonts and images used therein, and saves them in one folder which can be provided to a commercial printing company for final output).
InDesign, CorelDRAW, or QuarkXPress make it possible to work with large multiple page layouts, such as catalogs and booklets.
Since InDesign, CorelDRAW, and QuarkXPress the original file, linking to the graphics and images, the designer can change the original file and it will update all instances throughout the document to save time.
A web designer should understand how to work with XML, HTML, and basic web programming scripts.
A print designer should understand the processes involved in printing (including, notably, offset printing) to be able to produce press-ready artwork.
Designers should be able to solve visual communication problems or challenges.
In doing so, the designer must identify the communications issue, gather and analyze information related to the issue, and generate potential approaches aimed at solving the problem.
Iterative prototyping and user testing can be used to determine the success or failure of a visual solution.
Approaches to a communications problem are developed in the context of an audience and a media channel.
Graphic designers must understand the social and cultural norms of that audience in order to develop visual solutions that are perceived as relevant, understandable and effective.
Saintonge () is a small region and historical province on the Atlantic coast of France.
It is within the département Charente-Maritime, west and south of Charente in the administrative region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine.
The flowers, which are white or lilac coloured, are in groups (inflorescences) at the end of the stems.
The fruits are very narrow and stand upright.
In June 2013, the Defense of Marriage Act was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court.
Sims was not allowed to make a speech supporting the decision in the Pennsylvania House.
House Speaker Daryl Metcalfe, a Republican, said that allowing him to speak would be a violation of God's law.
Nickelodeon is an Italian television channel.
It launched on 1 November 2004 on Sky Italia.
Gerard Manley Hopkins, one of the romantic poets, was very keen on bluebells, as his poem May Magnificat shows.
Auguste Jean Baptiste Chevalier was a French botanist, and explorer of tropical Africa, especially of French Africa and Côte d'Ivoire.
1.
Lull'd by the moonlight have all pass'd away!
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
2.
Waiting to fade at the bright coming morn.
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
Terms that are related to kaiju include kaijū eiga, movies with several large monsters or a single monster, kaijin, movies with a human-like monster, and daikaiju, movies with very large monsters.
other films like Yongary, Monster from the deep, Goliathon, Pulgasari, Yonggary, Thunder of Gigantic Serpent, etc.
Getting the oil sands off the ground often destroys large areas of land.
Much water is used to separate the oil from the sand and then left polluted.
Carbon dioxide and other emissions from the extraction process are polluting the air.
350.org wants colleges and universities, as well as cities, religious institutions, and pension funds to withdraw their investments from fossil fuel companies.
They propose the money should rather be invested in sustainable companies.
In 1116 Louis IV raided into Normandy again.
Louis had supported Henry I's nephew, William Clito as the Duke of Normandy.
By 1117 King Louis IV of France, Count Baldwin VII of Flanders and Fulk V of Anjou were all supporting William Clito against Henry I of England.
The next summer Henry I returned to Normandy and the war began.
Fulk V defeated Henry I at La Motte-Gautier on the border of Maine.
In October 1118 Fulk V again defeated Henry I at Alençon.
Finally, after a series of defeats Henry I made peace with Fulk V.
They sealed their truce by allowing the marriage of Fulk's daughter Matilda with Henry's son William William Adelin.
Fulk V gave Maine as a dowry for his daughter Matilda.
In 1120 Fulk V then made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
He spent a year at Jerusalem.
According to Orderic Vitalis he joined the Knights Templar.
When he returned to Anjou Fulk left 100 knights behind for a year to help defend the Kingdom.
He continued to pay the Templars a substantial yearly donation for the rest of his life.
Cannock Chase is a woodland and mixed area of countryside in the county of Staffordshire, England.
The area has been designated as the Cannock Chase Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The Chase gives its name to the local government district.
Cannock Chase is between Cannock, Lichfield, Rugeley and Stafford.
It is a mixture of natural deciduous woodland, coniferous plantations, open heathland and the remains of early industry, such as coal mining.
Since 2006, the forest has been used as an open-air music venue as part of the Forestry Commission nationwide Forest Tour, with acts such as The Zutons, The Feeling, Status Quo and Jools Holland playing in a forest clearing.
The name Stafford means ford by a staithe (a landing place).
The town is famous for the Stafford knot, sometimes called the Staffordshire knot.
It is a distinctive three-looped knot that is the traditional symbol of Staffordshire and Stafford itself.
It is used by many local organisations on logos and buildings and also gives its name to a pub.
The town has a busy railway station on the West Coast Main Line.
The station provides direct local trains to Crewe, Liverpool, Stoke-on-Trent, Wolverhampton and Manchester, longer-distance trains to London, Carlisle, Glasgow and Edinburgh, and cross-country trains to Manchester and Bristol.
Tamworth is a large market town and borough in Staffordshire, England.
It is 14 miles (23 km) north-east of Birmingham.
A 2019 census estimated that around 77,000 people live in the town.
It was the capital of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Mercia.
Barnard Castle is a town and civil parish in County Durham, England.
In 2011 there were 5495 people living in Barnard Castle.
Barnard Castle is a market town in Teesdale, County Durham, England.
It is named after the castle around which it was built.
It is the main settlement in the Teesdale area, and is a popular tourist destination.
The Bowes Museum has the best collection of European fine and decorative arts in the North of England, housed in a magnificent 19th century French-style chateau.
Its most famous exhibit is the 18th century Silver Swan automaton, though art includes work by Goya and El Greco.
Barnard Castle sits on the north bank of the River Tees, opposite Startforth and 21 miles (34 km) south-west of the county town of Durham.
Nearby towns include Bishop Auckland to the north-east, Darlington to the east and Richmond in North Yorkshire to the south-east.
Fantastic Voyage is a 1966 science fiction movie directed by Richard Fleischer.
It stars Stephen Boyd, Raquel Welch, Donald Pleasence, and Edmond O'Brien.
PewDiePie was the first individual creator ever to pass 100 million subscribers on YouTube as of August 2019, though he did lose the position of being the first channel ever to reach that milestone by the Indian music channel T-Series in months earlier.
PewDiePie lives in Japan.
One of the books that Cornelia Meigs wrote won the Newbery Medal in 1934.
That book was called Invincible Louisa.
It told about the life of Louisa May Alcott.
Three other books that Cornelia Meigs wrote were made Newbery Honor Books.
That meant that the people who chose the Newbery Medal winner each year thought that those were very good books.
Mario Party: Island Tour is a party video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console.
It is the 13th game in the Mario Party series.
It has seven boards and 81 minigames.
It was released on November 22, 2013.
By the time Arnulf reached his in 976, Flanders had lost some of the southern acquired by Arnulf I.
His grandfather had given some parts of Picardy to King Lothar of France to help make sure his grandson, Arnulf II would succeed him.
Arnulf I also Boulogne as a fief to his nephew, Arnulf II, Count of Boulogne.
Then early in Arnulf's minority King Lothar had taken Ponthieu and given it to Hugh Capet, and the first counts of Guînes had established themselves there.
Arnulf died on 30 March, 987, just 26 years old.
Mozart did not write cadenzas for the concerto.
His son, Franz Xavier Wolfgang Mozart, was a pianist-composer who had the concerto in his repertory, and wrote cadenzas for it.
Ableism or ablecentrism is prejudice towards disabled people.
The first known use of the word was in 1981, which makes it relatively new.
However, the concept of ableism existed before this.
'Disablism' can be used to mean the same thing.
The Xhosa (Xhosa: amaXhosa) are an ethnic group living in South Africa.
About 22% of people in South Africa are Xhosa.
The Xhosa language, called , is a Bantu language of the Nguni subgroup, like Zulus.
However, so far, nobody has found a good enough solution to the fact that oil (lubricant) has to be burnt along with the fuel.
This causes pollution issues, besides wasting oil.
This is why most vehicles still use piston engines.
The first stone bridge over the Eder River at Altenbrunslar was built in 1885.
Before this there was a wooden bridge in summer and a ferryman with a boat in winter.
The Galapagos shark is a large shark with a slim, fusiform body, and a low inter-dorsal ridge between the first and second dorsal fin.
The first dorsal fin is tall and nearly straight.
The long pelvic fins are straight, each with a pointed tip.
The snout of the Galapagos shark is widely rounded.
The combined Mughal forces numbered about 40,000 men, Monroe's forces numbered about 10,000 men, of whom 7,000 were regular British Army men seconded to the East India Company.
Reports of the battle say that lack of co-ordination between the various Mughal forces was the main reason for their defeat.
As originally established, the Registration Department was not directly subordinate to the General Staff [of] the Red Army...
In 1921...
it was elevated in status to become the Second (Intelligence) Directorate of the Red Army Staff.
The Kellogg–Briand Pact (also called the General Treaty for the Renunciation of War or the World Peace Act) was an agreement on peace signed on August 27, 1928, by several countries.
Some of these countries were the United States, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, and Germany.
It was named after its authors, Frank B.
Kellogg and Aristide Briand.
The organization started in Norway in 1910.
It was first named the International Ski Commission.
It changed its name to the Fédération Internationale de Ski in February 1924.
When it changed its name, it became the world organization for skiing.
Crystallinity can be measured using x-ray diffraction, but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used.
Viqueque is on the south coast of Timor, on the Timor Sea.
It has an area of .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a 2015 American erotic romance-drama movie set in Washington (U.S.
state).
The story is about BDSM, sexual relations, seduction and romance.
An MPAA rating has not been decided, but the screenwriter, Kelly Marcel, has hinted at the possibility of this movie being marked NC-17.
It is based on the best-selling novel of the same name by E.L.
James.
The director is Sam Taylor-Wood.
Dakota Johnson plays Anastasia Steele and Jamie Dornan plays Christian Grey.
The climate of Dili is typical of the north coast of East Timor.
In the dry season, the temperature could get up to about ; at night, the temperature is around .
In the rainy season the temperature is around .
The annual average is .
Rain falls almost exclusively during the rainy season from late November to April.
The average annual rainfall is .
It is divided in six administrative posts:Baucau, Laga, and Vemasse with a coastal plain, while Venilale, Quelicai, and Baguia are located inland.
Michael J.
Madigan (born April 19, 1942) is an American politician.
He was the Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives and Chairman of the Democratic Party of Illinois.
A Democrat, he has held the position of Speaker of the House for all but two years since 1983—those two years being a brief interregnum of Republican majority and is the longest serving Speaker.
In Omdurman, on 2 September 1898, the Sudanese leader, now known as the Khalifa, committed his 52,000-man army to a frontal assault against the Anglo-Egyptian force, which was massed on the plain outside the town.
The outcome never was in doubt, largely because of superior British firepower.
During the five-hour battle, about 11,000 Mahdists died, whereas Anglo-Egyptian losses amounted to 48 dead and fewer than 400 wounded.
The island, of volcanic nature and subject to activity, presents many mountains, mainly in the interior, dominated by the Pico da Vara; those mountains are cut by valleys, gullies and streams - the only waterways because there are not rivers.
The opening concert was performed by the Folkestone Municipal Orchestra.
One thousand people attended.
Facts about the natural world have been described since classical antiquity.
Ancient Greece is perhaps most famous for its contributions to astronomy and mathematics.
Aristarchus of Samos came up with the idea of the Sun at the centre of what we now call the Solar system many centuries before Galileo.
Al-Shabaab is an Islamist militant group based in Somalia.
It seeks to eliminate Sufism from Somalia and has opposed various Sufi groups.
It was recognised as a cell of al-Qaeda in 2012.
The official name of the group is Harakat al-Shabaab al-Mujahideen ().
It is now an affiliate of ISIL.
Its name is Arabic for the Youth.
The Inheritors is the 1955 second novel by the British author William Golding, who is best known for Lord of the Flies.
It was his personal favourite, and concerns the extinction of one of the last remaining tribes of Neanderthals at the hands of the more sophisticated (and malevolent) Homo sapiens.
Bird cages should be at least 18x18x18 inches when it comes to small birds.
For bigger species an aviary can be the best option.
Moscow, 1924.
In 1881, King Kalākaua left Hawaii on a trip around the world.
He went to study immigration and to improve foreign relations.
He also wanted to study how other rulers ruled.
In his absence, his sister and heir, Princess Liliuokalani, ruled as regent.
(Prince Leleiohoku, the former heir, had died in 1877).
The King received a royal welcome in San Francisco.
In the Empire of Japan, he met with the Meiji Emperor.
He continued through Qing Dynasty China, Siam under King Chulalongkorn (Rama V), Burma, British Raj India, Egypt, Italy, Belgium, the German Empire, Austria-Hungary, the French Third Republic, Spain, Portugal, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and back through the United States.
During this trip, he met with many other heads of state, including Pope Leo XIII, Umberto I of Italy, Tewfik, Viceroy of Egypt, William II of Germany, Rama V of Siam, President Chester Arthur, and Victoria of the United Kingdom.
In this, he became the first king to travel around the world.
Maracaibo is a city in northwestern Venezuela.
It is the second-largest city in the country and the capital of Zulia State.
The population of the city is approximately 1,495,200 with the metropolitan area at 2,108,404 as of 2010.
Soros was married to Annaliese Witschak from 1960 until they divorced in 1983.
They had three children.
Then, Soros was married to Susan Weber Soros from 1983 until they divorced in 2005.
They had two children.
Soros is now married to Tamiko Bolton since 2013.
Soros is a supporter of the Democratic Party.
It makes the use of two main chemical apparatus namely, pipette and burette.
External indicators like phenolphthalein or methyl orange and internal indicators like KMnO4 (potassium permanganate) are used to mark the end point of titration.
Many substances can cause withdrawal.
Withdrawal is a group of bad feelings that happen when someone stops taking a drug suddenly if they were regularly taking that drug before.
For someone to have withdrawal, they must be dependent on the drug.
Different drugs cause different things to happen during withdrawal.
They can also cause different amounts of trouble for the person in withdrawal.
Withdrawal from some drugs, like heroin and other opiates, can be dangerous or deadly and should be done with a doctor or nurse taking care of the person in withdrawal.
Because Ceol became super controversial and would put many people in prison, his younger brother, Ceolwulf started a revolt against Ceol and killed him.
Ceolwulf eventually became the new king.
Crécy-en-Ponthieu is best known as the site of the Battle of Crécy in 1346, one of the earliest and most important battles of the Hundred Years' War.
Yet there are other significant historical links.
One is the Chausee Brunehaut which passed within two miles of the town and is the Roman road from Paris and Amiens to Boulogne, and is still visible and walkable today.
where V is the point count, E the line count, and F the face count.
For most common shapes (convex polyhedron), the Euler characteristic is 2.
Agilbert (flourished 650–) was Frankish by birth and educated in Ireland.
He became the second Bishop to the West Saxons after Bishop Birinus.
Following a disagreement with king Cenwalh of Wessex he returned to Gaul to eventually become the Bishop of Paris.
Old Capua was an ancient Etruscan city.
It was the one of the most important cities in southern Italy during the Roman Empire.
When the Lombards invaded Italy in the second half of the 6th century, Capua was sacked.
Later, it was made a part of the Duchy of Benevento, and ruled by a Lombard official with the title of gastald.
Little is known of this part of its history.
The Norman count Richard of Aversa conquered Capua in 1058.
He left the city itself in the control of Landulf VIII for another four years, until 12 May 1062.
Richard became an ally of the Popes, but was later excommunicated.
His son and successor, Jordan I, captured an area of Papal territory for the principality.
He was also excommunicated.
When Richard died, his family was very powerful, with strong influence over central Italy.
As an instrumental soloist, he made countless shows in radio and television programs in many European countries as well as in the New York NBC television.
Here, in the country, in addition to regular appearances, his two special TV shows in which he presented himself as a complete musician performing at a high level classical, jazz, evergreen, and folk music are still remembered.
After the death of the violinist Rade Jašareviđ in a car accident, Bozidar Milošević had become 1976 the head of the famous National Orchestra of Radio Television Belgrade and worked there until his retirement in 1980.
He had been an instrumental soloist of the orchestra for 30 years.
As an instrumental soloist, he made countless shows in radio and television programs in many European countries as well as in the New York NBC television.
Here, in the country, in addition to regular appearances, his two special TV shows in which he presented himself as a complete musician performing at a high level classical, jazz, evergreen, and folk music are still remembered.
Saints Row Gat out of Hell was released in 2015 and was set in Hell with the use of superpowers again.
Sigmund Esco Jackie Jackson (born May 4, 1951) is an American singer.
He is the second child of Katherine and Joe Jackson.
He was a member of The Jackson 5.
The band has sold 150 million records around the world.
They had four number one singles in the United States.
The group released their first album Diana Ross Presents The Jackson 5 in 1969.
The group released nine more studio albums on Motown.
In 1976 they left the label.
They were signed to Epic Records.
The Jackson 5's name changed to The Jacksons.
They released six albums.
William fought alongside King John and after a time, John made William the Marshal of England.
The Socialist Party of America was a socialist political party in the United States from 1901 to 1972.
In early 1919, it had 100,000 members.
In the 1920s they temporarily stopped running their own candidates.
The Sobolev space is a function space in mathematics.
The space is very useful to look at for partial differential equation.
Rush is an American-British 2013 biographical-drama movie written and directed by Ron Howard.
It is based on the true events about racecar drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
It stars Chris Hemsworth, Daniel Brühl, and Olivia Wilde.
It was released to positive reviews on September 20, 2013.
$38,000,000 US Budget.
In each level, the candy hangs by one or several of the titular ropes which the player must cut with a swipe of their finger using the device's touchscreen.
Using various objects such as floating bubbles and bellows, the candy must also be manipulated around obstacles to get to Om Nom's mouth.
Burns was born on July 29, 1953 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York His ancestors owned slaves, and one was a Confederate soldier.
He studied at Hampshire College.
Burns was married to Amy Stechler from 1982 until they divorced in 1993.
He married Julie Deborah Brown in 2003, and in 2017 they were still marrie..
RIP Ken Burns.He was a good man.
In Type I FGM, part or all of the clitoris is cut off.
The clitoris is the female organ that makes sex feel good for women.
Without it, a woman usually cannot have an orgasm.
Tokyo Disney Resort is one of five Disney Resorts in the world.
It is one of the most famous theme parks in Japan.
Maihama Station is the nearest station.
There are many kinds of tickets for visitors to choose from.
The After 6 passport for admission after 6 p.m.
is popular with high-school students and couples.
It is found in temperate regions of Asia, North America, and Europe.
The species forms the above-ground fruiting bodies (mushrooms) in soil or rotting wood.
The fungus has been accidentally introduced to South Africa.
Mehit is a goddess of lions and war in Egyptian mythology.
She is the wife of the god Anhur, also a god of war.
In contrast to the fine banquets, poor people ate the cheapest foods, so they had for breakfast grain made into twice-baked bread and porridge, and for lunch a vegetable and meat stew.
The vegetables available included millet, onions, turnips, and olives with bread and oil on the side.
Seid or Seiðr is an Old Norse word for a kind of sorcery which was practised in Norse society.
It is connected with Norse religion.
No one knows where seid came from.
It was practiced less with the spread of Christianity in Scandinavia.
The practice was recorded in Norse stories (sagas) found by archeologists.
Many scholars say that seid was like shamanism.
Marlborough College is a secondary boarding school in Marlborough, Wiltshire, England.
It was started in 1843 for sons of the leaders of the Church of England.
It now accepts boys and girls of all religious beliefs, but is classed as a Church of England school.
It has a chapel where there is Eucharist every Sunday.
It is a member of the G20 Schools Group.
It costs £32,280 a year.
It sometimes called Bébé (the French word for baby) due to its small size.
Shabazz converted to Islam in 1965.
Betty was pregnant with twin girls when she witnessed Malcolm X’s assassination.
Betty never remarried after her husband’s death, and became a national figure.
She also cared deeply about the struggle of people of African heritage in the U.S.
The VFW-Fokker 614 is a West German airliner.
It is a twin-turbojets aircraft.
Its uniqueness lies in the implementation of its two turbojets above the wing.
VFW-Fokker 614 can carry between 40 and 44 passengers.
It was founded in 1831 by the Duke of Wellington.
RUSI describes itself as the leading forum in the UK for national and international Defence and Security.
It won Prospect Magazine's Think Tank of the Year Award 2008.
In 2009, the same magazine named RUSI Foreign Policy Think Tank of the Year.
St.
Bees School is a boarding school for boys and girls aged 4-18 in St.
Bees, a West Cumbrian village.
It was started in 1583 by the then Archbishop of Canterbury, Edmund Grindal as a boys' free grammar school.
The term 'free' did not mean that the school didn't charge the students, but that the school wasn't ruled by the Church.
In 1976 the school became open to girls.
The school grounds are about 250 acres (1,000,000 m2).
Hounds of Love<nowiki>'</nowiki>s 1985 release gave Bush her second No.1 album.
It is her best-selling studio album so far.
Its first single, Running Up That Hill, was her most successful 1980s release.
It reached No.3 in the UK, her second highest chart place for a single ever.
In 1986 it was used as the theme tune for the BBC children's drama Running Scared.
In 2022, the song became popular again when it was used in the Netflix series Stranger Things which resulted in the song reaching No.1 in many countries including the UK.
The Whole Story, a collection of her greatest hits so far, was released and reached No.1 in the UK chart.
He comes from Canton Schaffhausen, but he was born in Sorengo (Canton Ticino).
After studying at a teacher-training college, he got a diploma as librarian-documentalist and later as General Culture teacher.
Currently he teaches at a vocational school and he writes for some newspapers as a sports journalist (member sportpress.ch and AIPS).
He is the author of several books in the historical, educational, sports and travel fields.
In particular, his tales about cycling trips in Switzerland and over the Alpine passes are well known and they sometimes offer new and original information about the country.
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
In 1926, now with its royal charter, the name was changed to the Royal Institute of International Affairs.
However, it is usually referred to as Chatham House.
With its members, Chatham House aims to promote debate on significant developments in international affairs and policy responses.
Their independent research and analysis on global, regional and country-specific challenges is intended to offer new ideas to decision makers on how these could best be tackled from the near to the long term.
Derry is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.
It is on Louisiana Highway 1.
Raykeea Angel Wilson (born July 10, 1992), better known by their stage name Angel Haze, is an American rapper.
BBC put them at number three in their Sound of 2013 list.
They released the first single from their album, Echelon (It's My Way) on August 28, 2013.
They released their first mixtape on November 27, 2009.
Since then they have released five more mixtapes.
Haze performed at 2013's Reading Festival and Leeds Festival.
Azealia Amanda Banks (born May 31, 1991) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter.
She was born in Harlem, New York City.
On November 9, 2008 she made a Myspace account and released her first song, Gimme a Chance on it as Miss Bank$.
Later that year she was signed by XL Recordings.
In 2011 Banks was chosen by NME as No.1 of their Cool List of the year.
Her first album Broke with Expensive Taste is going to be released in January 2014.
Her second album, Fantasea II: The Second Wave is going to be released July 2013.
Coenwulf was the son of Cuthbert, a Mercian nobleman.
He came to the throne in 796, the same year Offa and his son Ecgfrith both died.
At the same time Coenwulf became king, Eadberht Praen set himself up as king of Kent.
An Eadwald set himself up as king of the East Angles and began issuing coins.
When Eadberht Praen expelled Aethelheard, the Archbishop of Canterbury from Kent, Coenwulf contacted Pope Leo III and got permission to remove the new Kentish king.
Eadbert attacked Kent, and captured Eadbert.
He then set up his brother Cuthred as king of Kent.
Coenwulf then dealt with East Anglia where Eadwald had tried to gain independence from Mercia.
In 799 Coenwulf made a peace treaty with Wessex.
He restored Mercian power to southern England very quickly.
He then began using the style of Charlemagne calling himself king and emperor.
He attacked the Welsh making raids on Gwynedd and Powys.
In one of these battles Caradog ap Meirion, the king of Gwynedd was killed.
In 801 King Eardwulf of Northumbria attacked Mercia.
He accused Coenwulf of giving refuge to his enemies.
Eventually the two made peace on equal terms.
This was through the mediations of several bishops and nobles.
A machine pistol is a typically a -style firearm that can fire fully automatic or burst fire.
Fully automatic means that the gun will continue to fire very rapidly so long as the trigger is pressed and held.
Burst fire means that when you pull the trigger, a number of shots determined by the shooter will be fired (for some guns, this is three shots, fired very quickly).
Machine pistols fire pistol cartridges.
Machine pistols usually have the cartridges fed into the gun with a magazine, which is a rectangular box which holds the cartridges.
In 1951 the Russian army developed the Stechkin APS, which could fire in burst fire or in fully automatic fire.
When the gun was used in burst or automatic fire, users were told to use the wooden stock so that they can control the weapon better.
One of the problems with machine pistols is they tend to rise up when being fired, making the bullets miss their target.
Roger Schmidt (born 13 March 1967 in Kierspe, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German football manager.
He is manager of Lissboa in Portugal.
He started his career as manager with Delbrücker SC, went on to Preußen Münster and then to Paderborn 07.
Since his time with Münster he is a professional manager.
Ingrid Newkirk (born June 11, 1949) is an animal rights activist.
She started People For the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) in 1980 with Alex Pacheco.
It is the world's biggest animal rights organization.
In 2007 HBO showed a documentary called I Am an Animal: The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA.
At the same time that they were attacking Pearl Harbor, the Japanese attacked Malaya.
This caused the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand to join the United States as Allies in the war against Japan (Australia had joined World War 2 in 1939 when Germany invaded Poland).
The goals of the Japanese battles in the war were to remove British and Americans from the Netherlands Indies and the Philippines.
Further attacks against Fiji, Samoa and New Caledonia were planned.
There was a damaging air attack by Allied aircraft on Japanese naval forces invading the Lae-Salamaua area in New Guinea in March.
Inoue requested carriers to provide airplanes.
Inoue was worried about Allied bombers at air bases in Townsville and Cooktown, Australia.
In March 1942, the U.S.
first noticed the MO operation in messages.
On 13 April, the British decoded an IJN message telling Inoue that the Fifth Carrier Division, consisting of the fleet carriers and , was being sent.
The British sent the message to the Americans.
They also said that Port Moresby would probably be attacked in the MO plan.
The Allied forces at Port Moresby had 5,333 men, but only half of these were infantry and all had poor equipment and little training.
To find out if any Allied naval forces were coming, the Japanese sent submarines to wait southwest of Guadalcanal.
Fletcher's forces got into the Coral Sea area before the submarines arrived and the Japanese did not see them.
Another sub was sent to explore around Nouméa.
It was attacked by Yorktown aircraft on 2 May.
A message from Pearl Harbor told Fletcher that Japanese planned to land their troops at Port Moresby on 10 May and their carriers would be close to the invasion group.
Fletcher planned to take his forces north towards the Louisiades.
American B-17 bombers based in Australia attacked the Port Moresby invasion forces, including Gotō's warships, several times on 6 May without success.
MacArthur's headquarters told Fletcher about the locations of the Japanese invasion forces.
MacArthur's planes saw a carrier (Shōhō) about northwest of TF17.
Fletcher thought Takagi's carrier force was north of his location.
Fletcher told Yorktown to send 10 SBD dive bombers to search that area.
Takagi launched 12 Type 97 carrier bombers at 06:00 to search for TF 17.
Hara thought that Fletcher's ships were to the south.
Gotō's cruisers and launched four Kawanishi E7K2 Type 94 floatplanes to search for the Americans.
Each side got its carrier attack aircraft ready to launch once the enemy was located.
Believing that this was the main Japanese carrier force, Fletcher directed the airplanes towards this target.
The American aircraft sighted Shōhō at 10:40 and attacked.
The Japanese carrier was protected by six Zeros and two Type 96 'Claude' fighters flying combat air patrol (CAP).
Gotō's cruisers surrounded the carrier.
At 12:40, a seaplane saw Crace's force.
At 13:15, an aircraft from Rabaul saw Crace's force.
Takagi turned his carriers west at 13:30 and told Inoue at 15:00 that the US carriers were too far away to attack them that day.
At 06:35, TF 17 launched 18 SBDs to search for Japanese ships.
The skies over the American carriers were mostly clear.
At 08:20, a Lexington SBD spotted the Japanese carriers and told TF 17.
Two minutes later, a Shōkaku plane saw TF 17 and told Hara.
The two forces were about away from each other.
Both sides got ready to launch their aircraft.
Yorktowns dive bombers reached the Japanese carriers at 10:32.
At this time, Shōkaku and Zuikaku were about apart, with Zuikaku hidden under clouds.
The two carriers were protected by 16 CAP Zero fighters.
The Yorktown dive bombers attacked at 10:57 on Shōkaku and hit the carrier with two bombs, causing heavy damage to the carrier's flight and hangar decks.
The Yorktown torpedo planes missed with all of their torpedoes.
Two U.S.
dive bombers and two CAP Zeros were shot down during the attack.
At 10:55, Lexingtons radar detected the Japanese aircraft and sent nine Wildcats to attack the planes.
Six of the Wildcats were too low, and they missed the Japanese aircraft as they passed by overhead.
Because of the heavy losses in aircraft the night before, the Japanese could not do a full torpedo attack on both carriers.
The Japanese sent 14 torpedo planes to attack Lexington and four to attack Yorktown.
A Wildcat shot down one and 8 Yorktown SBDs destroyed three.
Four SBDs were shot down by Zeros escorting the torpedo planes.
The 33 Japanese dive bombers attacked after the torpedo attacks.
The 19 Shōkaku dive bombers attacked Lexington while the remaining 14, attacked Yorktown.
Zeros protected the dive bombers from four Lexington CAP Wildcats.
Takahashi's bombers damaged Lexington with two bomb hits, causing fires which were put out by 12:33.
At 11:27, Yorktown was hit in the center of her flight deck by a single , semi-armor-piercing bomb which penetrated four decks before exploding, causing severe damage and killing or seriously wounding 66 men.
Up to 12 near misses damaged Yorktowns hull below the waterline.
Two of the dive bombers were shot down by a CAP Wildcat during the attack.
Zuikaku and her escorts turned towards Rabaul while Shōkaku headed for Japan.
Following the loss of Lexington, improved methods for carrying airplane fuel and better ways of dealing with damage were developed by the Americans.
Coordination between the Allied land-based air forces and the U.S.
Navy was poor during this battle.
At Midway, 's aircraft were important in sinking two Japanese carriers.
Yorktown also took a lot of the Japanese air attacks at Midway which would have been directed at the other American carriers.
General MacArthur told Australian Prime Minister John Curtin that Japanese forces could attack anywhere if supported by the IJN.
The Solitude Of Thomas Cave, by Georgina Harding, is a novel about a sailor who spends a whole winter in Svalbard.
A review states that the descriptions of scenery are outstanding.
Who Is It is a song by Michael Jackson.
A Thriller movie, also known as suspense movie, suspense thriller or simply Thriller, is a movie genre that creates excitement and suspense in the audience.
The suspense in the plot of most movies is a main part of this genre.
Tension is created by delaying what the audience knows is going to happen.
It is built through situations that are scary or where the characters cannot escape.
Fight and chase scenes are common methods.
Life is usually threatened in a thriller.
This happens often when the protagonist does not see that they are entering a dangerous situation.
The protagonist must usually deal with a problem, such as an escape, a mission, or a mystery.
The U.S.
Surgeon General says there are ways to find out which people are at risk of suicide.
This may be the best way to stop children and adolescents from attempting suicide.
Making it hard for people to get dangerous things is an important part of suicide prevention.
Making it hard for people to get dangerous items can lead to less suicides.
Putting up fences at bridges and cliffs reduces suicides.
Putting up signs or increasing patrols is not so helpful One example of making dangerous items less available is coal gas in the United Kingdom.
Until the 1950s, the most common way of committing suicide in the UK was poisoning by inhaling coal gas.
In 1958, natural gas was used instead.
Natural gas is much less dangerous.
So less people committed suicide.
The International Bank Account Number is an internationally-recognised way of identifying bank account numbers.
Its abbreviation is IBAN.
The IBAN was developed to enable people in the European Union to send money to a bank account in another country.
When a person uses a computer to make a money transfer, the IBAN has features that allow the person’s computer to check for typing errors.
The Nazis' goal was to make the Dutch into Nazis.
The country's wide-open areas made it difficult to hide illegal activities - unlike, for example, the Maquis in France, who had many hiding places.
Dutch social democrats, Catholics, and communists started the resistance movement.
At first, if the Germans discovered people were involved in the resistance, they put them in jail.
However, if a person was a member of an armed or military group, the Nazis could send them to concentration camps.
After mid-1944, Hitler ordered his soldiers to shoot all resistance members.
The Nazis also did revenge attacks against civilians, where they killed innocent civilians after resistance activities happened.
The programmer can write a program using a sequence of these assembler instructions.
This sequence of assembler instructions, known as the source code or source program, is then specified to the assembler program when that program is started.
The assembler program takes each program statement in the source program and generates a corresponding bit stream or pattern (a series of 0's and 1's of a given length).
The output of the assembler program is called the object code or object program relative to the input source program.
The sequence of 0's and 1's that constitute the object program is sometimes called machine code.
Amos offered detailed descriptions on the five personalities, explaining the attributes that each represented, which Greek goddess was the inspiration, and what songs on the album each doll provided the narrative for.
In concerts during her 2007 world tour, Amos would start the set list performing as one of the characters and would include that particular character's rendition of songs from her back catalogue.
The fifth doll is Amos herself, narrating the most personal songs on the album and featuring as the main character in each concert.
Her mother, Joyce Can Zou Svitak, was born in China.
She moved to the US in 1988.
Her father, John Svitak, is a fourth generation Czech Republic migrant.
He is a science and maths teacher.
Ljungby have been the home of several cultural persons.
Among others, the cinematographer Gunnar Fischer and the writers Folke Fridell, Lennart Williams, and Sölve Rydell.
Ljungby does also have two museums, a library, a theater, and a cinema.
In 2012 it was decided that the museum should become Kronoberg's official museum of visual art.
Children who grow up in home environments that have poor financial resources and low levels of education are correlated with low intelligence scores.
Bradely and Calwell (1984) did correlational studies which showed that a stimulating home environment is associated with higher intelligence scores.
These researchers said that those children who had frequent interactions with their parents, had access to many learning and reading materials and were encouraged to grow new skills were better off.
Neutral Milk Hotel is an American indie rock band.
They started in Ruston, Louisiana in 1989.
They were formed by singer, songwriter, and guitarist Jeff Mangum.
He was the only member at first.
Then Robert Schneider joined the band for its first album, On Avery Island.
It was released on Merge Records.
After On Avery Island was released, Julian Koster, Scott Spillane and Jeremy Barnes joined the band.
They then released an album called In the Aeroplane Over the Sea in 1998.
Pitchfork scored their second album 10/10 when it was released again in 2005.
In 2009, Amazon.com's editors put In the Aeroplane Over the Sea at number two on their list of The 100 Greatest Indie Rock Albums of All Time.
In 1933, Lindbergh received the U.S.
Flag Association Cross of Honor for surveying transatlantic air routes.
The following year, she received the Hubbard Medal from the National Geographic Society for of exploratory flying with her husband.
In 1993, Women in Aerospace gave her an Aerospace Explorer Award for her achievements and contributions in aerospace.
Mirza Muhammad Siraj ud-Daulah, more commonly known as Siraj ud-Daulah (1733 – July 2, 1757), was the last independent Nawab of Bengal.
The end of his reign marked the start of British East India Company's rule over Bengal and later almost all of South Asia.
•Mirza Muhammad Siraj-ud-Daulah was born in Murshidabad,Bengal on 1733 to Zain-Ud-Din-Ahmed-Khan(Father), and Amina Begum(Mother) to a Sunni Muslim family.
•His father was the Diwan of Bihar under the Nawab of Bengal Alivardi Khan.
•His mother was the youngest daughter of Nawab of Bengal Alivardi Khan(Father), and Sharf-Un-Nissa Begum(Mother).
•He was very brave since His childhood, and educationally strong, and intelligent too.
He was the scholar of 9 languages, and was really good at Maths, and Science.
Because Alivardi Khan wanted him to do so.
He studied with his two childhood friend Mir Madan, and Mohanlal.
•His first war in his whole life was at The age of 9 years with Alivardi Khan at the age of 71 years with just 2,500 soldiers against the army of Raghoji Bhonsle, and Bhaskar Pandit with 20,000 soldiers.
•He has killed an Asian Lion without any weapons at age of just 13 years.
•During The Third Battle of Katwa, he defeated 32,000 soldiers of Sikh with just 5,000 specialised cavalry soldiers.
•During the First Battle of Siliguri He, and Alivardi Khan together with just 45,000 soldiers attacked, and defeated the 92,850 soldiers of Durrani Empire under Emperor Jahan-Bakht-Khan.
•During The Second Battle of Haldigram Commander Manikchand of Banga Jala Bahini (Bengal Navy) under Siraj with 45 vessels attacked, and defeated The East India Company Navy with 52 vessels, because of the technological advancement of the Bengal Navy.
In 2002 made a chapbook called Either/Or.
In 2004 she made a chapbook called Draw Blood.
Star Alliance is the world's first and largest airline alliance.
Its headquarters are in Frankfurt, Hesse, Germany.
It was founded in 1999 by five airlines: Scandinavian Airlines, Thai Airways International, Air Canada, Lufthansa, and United Airlines.
Varig Brazilian Airlines was the first airline to join, in 1997.
In 2013, the alliance now has 28 member airlines with more than 21,100 daily departures combined.
These flights fly to 1,329 airports in more than 150 countries, carrying 678.7 million passengers.
Se visten los campos en la primavera.
Son los pajaritos que vienen de afuera.
De muchos colores me gustan a mí.
Brillantes y finos se viste la aurora.
Son los mil reflejos que el sol atesora.
De muchos colores me gustan a mí.
Con el quiri, quiri, quiri, quiri, quiri.
Con el cara, cara, cara, cara, cara.
De muchos colores me gustan a mí.
Vivamos en gracia puesto que se puede.
La sed ardorosa del Rey que no muere.
La gracia divina del gran ideal.
Sí, de blanco y negro y rojo y azul y castaño.
De gente que ríe, y estrecha la mano.
De muchos colores me gustan a mí.
The fields are dressed in the spring.
Are the little birds that come from outside.
Brilliant and delicate is dressed the dawn.
Are the thousand gleams the sun treasures.
The great loves of many colors.
With a cock-a-doodle, cock-a-doodle-doo.
With a cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck.
The great loves of many colors.
Let us live in grace since we can.
The burning thirst of the King who does not die.
The divine grace from the great ideal.
Yes, black and white and red and blue and brown.
From people laughing, and shaking hands.
During 1938 and 1940 the area of ​​land where is the County Paiçandu was inhabited by Native Americans and caboclos.
There was a small cemetery that was the point of reference in the dense virgin forest, where were buried those who died at that time.
An uninterruptible power supply (or uninterruptible power source; UPS) is an apparatus that provides electric power in an emergency when there is a problem with the normal electricity supply.
It provides an almost instantaneous supply of electricity during any power failure.
It is used normally to protect any sensitive hardware (computer, data center, telecommunication) in which if there is any disruption of power supply, it might easily damage that equipment.
Cognitive neuropsychology has its roots in research on language disorder that was done in the second half of the 19th century.
One discovered that aphasia takes different forms depending on the (place or) location of brain damage; Knowledge from the research has been called a framework for understanding brain function (, or knowledge on which one has added additional (or more) knowledge).
Electroconvulsion therapy or electric shock therapy was a method used to treat mental disorders.
This was used to treat blindness, hysteria, depression, and many other disorders.
It was thought to be the way of the future in treating disabilities.
Although both the 6th and 18th Army were in place at the Dutch border, the first, larger force would move south of Venlo to Belgium.
This would leave just the 18th Army under General Georg von Küchler to attack the Dutch main force.
Of all German armies in the battle, this was the weakest.
It contained only four regular infantry divisions and three reserve divisions.
They had few professional officers and little fighting experience.
Like the Dutch Army, most soldiers (88%) lacked training.
The seventh division was the 526th Infantry Division, which lacked combat training.
The German divisions had 17,807 men, fifty percent larger than their Dutch counterparts.
They had twice their firepower, but even so they did mot have enough men for a successful attack.
To add more men, the only German cavalry division, the 1st Kavalleriedivision was told to capture the weakly defended provinces east of the river IJssel.
A landing in Holland near Enkhuizen was to be attempted, using barges.
As both efforts were unlikely to do well, the regular divisions were reinforced by the SS-Verfügungsdivision and Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler.
These would attack the Dutch fortified positions.
Still this added only 1 division to the equation.
Paratroopers were landed near the airfields.
Dutch anti-aircraft batteries shot down numerous Ju 52 transport planes.
German Ju 52 losses in the battle were about 250 planes.
While two tank companies of 9.
Panzerdivision remained to pursue the French, the other four began to cross the Moerdijk bridge at 05:20.
Two staff companies with tanks also went to the northern side.
The Dutch attempted to block the German armour.
At around 06:00 the last medium bomber, a Fokker T.
V, dropped two bombs on the bridge.
The one bomb that hit the bridge did not explode.
The bomber was shot down.
The Dutch tried to destroy the bridge by artillery fire, but the bridge was only slightly damaged.
Attempts to flood the Island of Dordrecht failed.
The Light Division tried to advance to the west.
However, two of the four battalions could not recapture the suburbs of Dordrecht.
When the other two battalions approached the main road, they were met by a few dozen German tanks.
The battalions were hit by a Stuka bombing and they fled to the east.
47mm and 75 mm batteries halted the attack of the German tanks.
The left part of the Light Division then withdrew to the Alblasserwaard at around 13:00.
A tank company also tried to capture the Dordrecht, but it was ordered to retreat after heavy street fighting.
in At least two Panzerkampfwagen IIs were destroyed and three tanks heavily damaged.
All Dutch troops were withdrawn from the island in the night.
German armoured forces advanced north over the Dordrecht bridge into IJsselmonde island.
Three tanks, two PzKpfw.
IIs and a Panzerkampfwagen III attacked the Barendrecht bridge into the Hoekse Waard.
All of them were destroyed by a single 47 mm antitank-gun.
Though the Germans did not make another attack, this area was abandoned by the Dutch troops.
On IJsselmonde the German forces prepared to cross the Maas in Rotterdam, which was defended by about eight Dutch battalions.
Crossings would be attempted in two sectors.
The main attack would take place in the centre of the city, with the German 9th Panzer Division advancing over the Willemsbrug.
Then SS Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler would cross.
East of Rotterdam, a battalion of the 16th Infantry Regiment of 22.
Luftlandedivision would cross on boats.
The Germans decided to use air support.
Kampfgeschwader 54, using Heinkel He 111 bombers, was shifted from Sixth to Eighteenth Army.
Winkelman at first intended to continue the fight.
Bombings were not seen as a reason to surrender.
The Hague could still fight off an armoured attack.
He got a message from Colonel Cuno Eduard Willem baron van Voorst tot Voorst, the commander of the city of Utrecht, that the Germans demanded its surrender.
Messages were dropped by planes saying that only surrender would stop the city from being destroyed.
Winkelman thought the Germans would bomb any city offering any resistance, Since he was told to avoid suffering and since the Dutch military was weak, he decided to surrender.
All army units were informed at 16:50 by of his decision and ordered to destroy their weapons and surrender to the nearest German units.
At 17:20 the German envoy in The Hague was informed.
At around 19:00 Winkelman gave a radio speech informing the Dutch people.
This was also how the German command became aware the Dutch had surrendered.
On 4 November 2013, British rapper Tinie Tempah released his second album Demonstration.
Eyre sung on the first song on the album, Someday (Place in the Sun).
Although he won the war, Ashoka realized the futility of war.
He saw the bloodshed and suffering of the soldiers' families and vowed never to fight again.
He converted to Buddhism and he dedicated his later life to help his subjects.
He stopped conquering after he won a war.
He wrote inscriptions for wanting that his son and grandson also never to think about war.
He decided to observe Dhamma, a common code of conduct and was also inspired by the teachings of Buddha.
He sent many Buddhist scholars to distant lands to propagate Dharma.
It is said that one lakh people died in this war.
Many pillar and rock edicts were written on the guilt that he felt after seeing the bloodshed.
Sir Chandrasekhara Venkata Raman, FRS (7 November 1888 – 21 November 1970) born in Thiruvanaikoil was an Indian physicist.
He studied light scattering.
He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1930 for his work in physics.
He discovered that, when light passes through a transparent material, some of the deflected light changes in wavelength.
This phenomenon is now called Raman scattering and is the result of the Raman effect.
He died of natural causes in his institute garden surrounded by flowers.
He was awarded the Bharat Ratna in 1954.
Read More..
Raman's fascination with the scattering of light sparked a curiosity that would drive him to unravel its secrets.
In 1921, while aboard a ship in the Mediterranean Sea, Raman made a remarkable observation.
He noticed that when sunlight passed through transparent materials such as water, the scattered light displayed different colors compared to the incident light.
This phenomenon, which came to be known as the Raman Effect, held the key to unlocking a wealth of information about the molecular structure of matter.
Read More...
Boucher grew up in Vancouver.
When she was 18 she moved to Montreal to study neuroscience and Russian at McGill University.
Mansfield College is one of the colleges of the University of Oxford.
It was founded in 1838 as Spring Hill College in Birmingham.
Spring Hill College moved to Oxford in 1886.
At that time it was renamed Mansfield College, in honor of its largest donors, George and Elizabeth Mansfield.
The college's main building was designed by Basil Champneys, and was completed in 1889.
Sims have different moods depending on what happens to them.
The positive moods include Happy, Confident, Energized, Flirty, Focused, Inspired, and Playful.
The negative moods include Angry, Bored, Dazed, Embarrassed, Sad, Tense, Uncomfortable, and Scared.
These moods are triggered by moodlets.
Each moodlet has a certain number of points.
For example, a moodlet may give your Sim +2 Happy.
Whichever mood has the most points will be the mood that your Sim is in at that time.
Sims have different behaviors depending on their mood.
It also impacts their social interactions with other Sims and their work performance.
Valenti's first book, Full Frontal Feminism: A Young Woman's Guide to Why Feminism Matters, was published in 2007.
Monte Cassino, a church, was not occupied by the German defenders.
The Germans had set up defence positions in the slopes.
The main central attack by U.S.
II Corps would start on January 20.
The 36th (Texas) U.S.
Infantry Division would cross a river five miles from Cassino.
The French Expeditionary Corps would move towards Monte Cairo.
Allied officers started to think the Germans were using the abbey of Monte Cassino as an artillery observation point.
The Allies thought of bombing with blockbuster bombs.
In the other half of the main attack the two companies from 28th (Māori) Battalion from the New Zealand Division attempted to capture the railroad station in Cassino.
Orix Buffaloes is a Japanese baseball team.
This team was formed by the Orix BlueWave and the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes after the 2004 NPB season.
The team is based in Osaka and Kobe and play home games at Kyocera dome and Kobe Hotto Motto stadium.
The team has not had good results in recent seasons.
Claire Martin (April 18, 1914 – June 18, 2014) was a Canadian writer.
Claire Martin was her pseudonym.
Her real name was Claire Montreuil.
Martin was born in Quebec City, Quebec.
She studied at the Ursuline convent and by the Dames de la Congrégation.
From 1945 to 1972, she lived in Ottawa and was a writer she created a book called The Race Of The Golden Apples.
The fund is governed by a board of directors.
The Board has 24 members.
There is an equal number of members from developing and developed countries.
Two Co-Chairs of the Board are elected by the Board members.
One is a member from a developed country and the other is a member from a developing country.
Currently, the Co-Chairs of the Board are Mr.
Manfred Konukiewitz (Germany) and Mr.
Jose Maria Clemente Sarte Salceda (The Philippines).
There were five German divisions.
The Germans had prepared defenses, but they lacked officers.
Moonwalker, also known as Michael Jackson: Moonwalker, is an American-British-Canadian movie.
It was released in 1988 in theatres in Europe and South America.
The movie is a collection of eight short films about Michael Jackson.
It is 93 minutes long.
It made US$67,000,000 at box offices.
On January 10, 1989, it was released on video on the United States and Canada.
The video had sold more than 800,000 copies in the U.S.
by April 17, 1989.
The movie is named after a dance move that Jackson did called the moonwalk.
John Lennon's son Sean is in the movie.
Jackson executive produced Moonwalker.
Brandon Quentin Adams won the 1989 Young Artist Award for Best Young Actor/Actress in a Film Made for Video for his role as Zeke, a child version of Jackson, in the movie.
The LM was consisted of an ascent stage and decent stage.
Mont-Saint-Michel was an Armorican stronghold of Gallo-Roman culture in the sixth and seventh centuries.
In the seventh century, the Franks took the mount.
From about the fifth to the eighth century, Mont-Saint-Michel was part of a region called Neustria.
At the start of the ninth century, it was an important place in the marches of Neustria.
During the Hundred Years' War, the English made many attacks on the island.
They were not able to take it due to the abbey's very good fortifications.
The English first attacked the mount in 1423, and then again in 1433.
Thomas Scalles was the leader of the English army.
Scalles left two wrought iron bombards when he stopped his attack.
They are still there today.
They are known as les Michelettes.
The resistance at Mont-Saint-Michel gave hope to the French, especially Joan of Arc.
On 23 March, Albert Kesselring was appointed Commander-in-Chief Army Group West.
On 8 August, the Romanians ordered the 4th Army to capture Odessa.
Following the Ardennes Offensive in mid-December, the Allies thought the Axis might try an attack in Northern Italy.
Thirty ships of American, British, Polish, Norwegian and Dutch registry were in Bari Harbour on 2 December.
The port was lit on the night of the raid to help the unloading of supplies.
The battle was a clear German victory.
Dr.
Mario 64 is a puzzle video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console.
It was released on April 8, 2001.
On 30 October 2014, it was reported that President Blaise Compaoré decided to dissolve the government and declare a state of emergency.
On 31 October 2014, Compaoré resigned.
Guillaume Kigbafori Soro (born 8 May 1972) is an Ivorian politician.
He was the Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from April 2007 to March 2012.
Dileita Mohamed Dileita () (born March 12, 1958) is a Djiboutian politician.
He became Prime Minister of Djibouti from 7 March 2001 to 1 April 2013.
Poitou was a province of France of west-central France whose capital city was Poitiers.
Living with Michael Jackson starts at Jackson's Neverland Ranch.
They go to the Giving Tree.
This is a tree where Jackson got inspiration for his songs.
There was a confidentiality agreement.
This meant that Jackson did not talk about the 1993 child molestation allegations against him in the movie.
The list of railway consists of Gyeonbu line경부선, Honam line호남선, Jeolla line전라선, Janghang line장항선, Gyeongchun line경춘선, Jungang line중앙선, Chungbuk line경북선, Yeongdong line영동선, Taebaek line태백선,Gyeongbuk line경북선, Daegu line대구선, donghae Nambu line동해 남부선, Gyeongjeon line경전선, Gyeongui line경의선, Gyeonwon line경원선, based on their district.
4 is the fourth studio album by American singer Beyoncé.
It was released June 24, 2011.
Seven singles were released from the album.
Run the World (Girls) was the first single from the album.
Pitchfork gave the album a score of 8 out of 10.
In 2016, the B&Q store at Strood Retail Park was demolished, and new shops were built which include M&S Foodhall, B&M Bargains, Starbucks, and a Gym.
It also has a leisure centre, Strood Leisure Centre.
On January 1st he went on to Borussia Dortmund for €12 million.
Then he went on to Bayer Leverkusen and 2017 to RB Leipzig for € 20 millions.
Kalpana Chawla (March 17, 1962/1961 – February 1, 2003) was an American astronaut of Indian origin.
She was the first Indian-American astronaut and the first Indian woman to go into space.
Laryngeal cancer may also be called cancer of the larynx or laryngeal carcinoma.
Most laryngeal cancers are squamous cell carcinomas, reflecting their origin from the squamous cells which form the majority of the laryngeal epithelium.
Following the beginning of hip hop's popularity in 1979, in the 1980s hip hop developed more complex styles.
In the 1990s more female African American musicians became popular following the success of Janet Jackson and Whitney Houston.
The girl band TLC released their first album Ooooooohhh...
On the TLC Tip in 1992.
It sold six million copies.
Mariah Carey, who has a white mother and African-American father, released her first album, Mariah Carey, in 1990.
It reached number one in the United States.
Since then she has sold over 200 million albums, singles and videos.
This makes her one of the best selling artists ever.
Mary J.
Blige released her first album, What's the 411?, in 1992.
It combined hip hop and soul.
People gave her the name Queen of Hip Hop Soul due to this.
It sold 3.4 million copies.
Billboard ranked her as the most successful female R&B artist of the last 25 years.
Vulvar cancer is a disease in which cells in the body grow out of control in or on the vulva.
The vulva is the outer part of the female genital organs.
It has two folds of skin, called the labia.
Vulvar cancer most often occurs on the inner edges of the labia.
Montgomery District is an administrative district of the former Punjab Province of British India.
This is now in Pakistan.
It was named after Sir Robert Montgomery.
The district was in the Bari Doab, between the Sutlej and the Ravi rivers.
It also included the Rechna Doab, which is between the Ravi and the Chenab rivers.
The administrative headquarters were located in the town of Montgomery, now called Sahiwal.
The name of Montgomery District was changed to Sahiwal District in 1978.
This is a red dwarf star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core.
It has an estimated 17% of the Sun's mass and 24% of the Sun's radius, but it is radiating only 0.38% of the luminosity of the Sun.
They did have tours for these four albums.
The show has gotten good reviews from critics.
However, it is often criticized for using the famous for being famous concept, where a celebrity becomes famous for no identifiable reason.
It has also been criticized for making up most of its storyline.
The show has had four spin-offs: Kourtney and Kim Take Miami, Kourtney and Kim Take New York, Khloé & Lamar and Kourtney and Khloe Take the Hamptons.
Manhattan Regional Airport (MHK) is west of Manhattan on K-18.
It is the second busiest commercial airport in Kansas.
American Airlines and subsidiary American Eagle use the airport.
It has multiple flights daily to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport and the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
It also does general aviation and charter flights.
The nearest big commercial airports are in Kansas City (MCI) and Wichita, Kansas (ICT).
Hector Canaveri served as congressman of the Province of Buenos Aires.
Camilo Canaveri was a lawyer.
and an American Book Award.
Thomas has been one of three to five finalists for the Coretta Scott King Award three times, in 1984 for Bright Shadow, in 1994 for Brown Honey in Broomwheat Tea, and in 2009 for The Blacker the Berry in 2009.
Part of the American Library Association program, every year the King Award honors the most distinguished portrayal of African American experience in literature for children or teens.
Eve was on the remix of Michael Jackson's 2002 single Butterflies.
Neopilina is a mollusc, the only surviving genus of monoplacophora.
Both of these star clusters have masses similar to the globular clusters in the Milky Way.
Many smaller star clusters are relatively young (between 2 million years and 1 billion years.
They are similar to small globular clusters or R136 in the Large Magellanic Cloud.
McClain first acted in the 2005 movie The Gospel.
Tyler Perry saw the movie and gave her the role of Jazmine Payne in Tyler Perry's House of Payne.
Megyn Marie Kelly (born November 18, 1970; previously called Megyn Kendall) is an American reporter on Fox News and NBC.
She hosted The Kelly File.
She previously hosted America Live on Fox News and Megyn Kelly Today on NBC.
She also hosts the channel's New Year's Eve Special Live every December 31.
The skulls of ornithomimids were small, with large eyes, above relatively long and slender necks.
All had toothless beaks.
In October 2014, Johnson announced he was cancer free.
The Fertile Crescent (an area now mostly in Iraq, Syria and Turkey) was the first place where humans learned to farm.
China and New Guinea were also early places where humans learned to farm.
Later, farming also began in other regions.
However, some regions had more useful crops than others.
Crops were more useful if they had more nutritious, meaning they had things like proteins that humans need from their food.
They were also more useful if they were easier to grow and were less likely to fail in bad weather.
This is why crops from the Fertile Crescent and China spread a long way, while those from New Guinea did not spread far from the island.
The Division of Paterson is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.
It is just north of Newcastle, on the coast of the Tasman Sea.
It includes the towns of Anna Bay, Bulahdelah.
Clarence Town, Dungog, Forster, Hawks Nest, Lemon Tree Passage, Medowie, Morpeth, Nelson Bay, Paterson, Raymond Terrace, Stroud, Tuncurry and parts of Nabiac, Thornton and East Maitland.
The division was first set up in 1949 and abolished in 1984.
It was recreated after a redistribution in 1992.
Oswald was born , the son of King Athelfrith of Bernicia and his second wife Acha of Deira.
At age twelve his father was killed in battle by Edwin who became King of Northumbria.
Along with his brothers Eanfrith and Oswiu and their sister Aebbe, he found safety with the Scots in Dál Riata.
The monks of Iona baptized the children and raised them in the Celtic Christian faith.
For all of Edwin's reign Oswald remained in Exile.
Cadwallon ap Cadfan, the Christian king of Gwynedd, along with the pagan Penda of Mercia, attacked Northumbria in 632.
In 633 the two invading armies met Edwin at the Battle of Hatfield Chase.
Edwin was killed and his army was destroyed.
For the next year Cadwallon destroyed everything he could in Northumbria.
At the same time Oswald was gathering a small army among the Scots and Picts.
Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena (born 21 May 1985) is an English singer and songwriter.
She is best known for being a member of the Sugababes.
Three times the confederates attacked the Union line and failed to break through all three times.
During the battle, Lyon was killed and Major Samuel D.
Sturgis replaced him.
Meanwhile, Sigel's mistake had cost him the advantage and his forces were routed.
After the third attack at about 11:00 am, the Confederates withdrew.
With his ammunition running low and his men exhausted he withdrew to Springfield.
Too disorganized to follow, the Confederate army did not pursue.
Technically, it was a victory for the Confederate Army since the Union Army left the field.
However, it can be considered a victory for the Union since they still kept control of Missouri.
The Confederate army called the battle of Wilson’s Creek, the Battle of “Oak Hill(s).
Collins was born in Philadelphia to working-class parents.
She became a student at Brandeis University in 1965.
Robert Zulj (born 5 February 1992) is an Austrian football player.
He plays for LASK in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He has also played in the Austrian Under-18, Under-19, and under-21 national teams.
The Division of Richmond is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales.
It was set up for the first Australian federal election in 1901.
It is named after its local area, the Richmond Valley and Richmond River.
These were named for Charles, the fifth Duke of Richmond.
In 1585, the Catholics, led by Henry of Guise, raised an army and forced King Henry III to outlaw Protestantism in France.
The war that followed, the eighth war, is also known as the War of the Three Henrys and is named after King Henry III, Henry of Guise, and Henry of Navarre.
Even though Henry III and Henry of Guise were on the same side in 1585, many Catholics feared that Henry III secretly wanted Henry of Navarre to be the next king.
In 1588, the supporters of Henry of Guise, known as Leaguers, chased King Henry III out of Paris.
In 1589, afraid that Henry of Guise wanted to take the throne from him, Henry III had him murdered, fled to the Protestant army, and joined forces with Henry of Navarre.
Charles of Mayenne, Henry of Guise's brother, became the leader of the Leaguers.
Rae was born Jo-Issa Diop.
Streptomyces are medically important, as they produce antifungals, antiparasitic drugs, antivirals, antitumorals, anti-hypertensives, immunosuppressants and antibiotics.
Different species of streptomyces are used to produce different antibiotics.
Over 500 species of Streptomyces bacteria have been described.
For example, widely studied S.
griseus was the first to be used in production of an antibiotic streptomycin, while S.
avermitilis as a source of avermictin.
Another well-studied species, S coelicolor, is widely used in genetic studies due to its relative ease of handling and distinct morphological stages.
Overall, Streptomyces produce over two-thirds of the clinically useful antibiotics of natural origin, such as tetracycline, neomycin and chloramphenicol.
In 1971 Reagan has married Pamela Gail Putnam (born 1952).
She is the daughter of Duane Putnam, who was then the Atlanta Falcons football line coach.
The couple divorced in 1972.
The 2011 riots started with the peaceful protest of Duggan's death.
In 1980 O'Carroll's first book, Paedophilia: The Radical Case, was published.
In the book, O'Carroll talks about his own experiences as a pedophile and about how sex between children and adults is not wrong.
The book was taken off Amazon in 2010.
Lifelink Samaritans Tas.
Inc, began in Launceston, Tasmania in 1968.
It was started as a way to help people in emotional pain that could not talk with family and friends.
His juristic competence is demonstrated in his opinions and interpretations as pronounced in many of the Bangladesh Supreme Court's decisions concerning vital issues, such as, admiralty jurisdiction, amendment of the Constitution, citizenship, habeas corpus, administrative tribunals and court jurisdictions.
However, in 1994, he delivered a controversial verdict in favour of Ghulam Azam that restored citizenship for the former Jamaat-e-Islami chief.
1.
Physical differences such as obesity, scars, and leprosy.
2.
Differences in personal traits, such as mental illness, drug addiction, and alcoholism.
Jackson first met Jordan Chandler when Chandler was five years old.
Naomi R.
Wolf (born November 12, 1962) is an American feminist writer.
She was born in San Francisco.
She gained a Bachelor of Arts from Yale University.
Her first book The Beauty Myth was published in 1990.
In the book, Wolf writes that there needs to be a third wave of feminism.
The Telegraph described Wolf as the woman who made feminism sexy.
Loki is a fictional villain who appears in comic books by Marvel Comics.
He has a range of superpowers, and is therefore called a supervillain.
His powers consist of shape-shifting and also some sorcery.
He is based on the god Loki from Norse mythology.
The character first appeared historically in Venus No.
6 (August 1949).
The character was created by Stan Lee, Larry Lieber and Jack Kirby.
The division includes the cities of Wagga Wagga and Griffith and the towns of Coleambally, Coolamon, Gundagai, Hillston,Junee, Leeton, Narrandera, Temora, Tumut, Tumbarumba and West Wyalong.
The Sturt Highway runs along the length of the division.
There was a by-election in Riverina in 1904.
Robert Blackwood won the seat by only a few votes from John Chanter.
The results were challenged in the courts and a new election was held in which Chanter won the seat.
There was another by-election in 1965 after Hugh Roberton resigned.
Originally the division included the Labor-voting mining towns of Broken Hill and Cobar, but these are now in the divisions of Farrer and Parkes.
This has made Riverina a safe National Party seat.
A psychiatrist said that Arvizo was schizophrenic.
The Freie Universität Berlin (Free University of Berlin, often abbreviated as FU Berlin) is a university in Berlin.
It is known for its research in the humanities and social sciences, as well as in the field of natural and life sciences.
She began her career with singing and theatre.
On the television series Perry Mason, she played Rowena Leach.
She also acted in lots of movies.
Her character was Opal Ann in the 1970 movie The Cheyenne Social Club.
State of Vietnam was established in 1949.
It was preceded by the Provisional Central Government of Vietnam.
It was established in 1948.
In 1950, it was recognised by France, United Kingdom and United States with the capital of Saigon and the chief of state of Bao Dai.
In 1954, France lost the First Indochina War.
That led to the 1954 Geneva Accords.
It divided Vietnam into two countries.
State of Vietnam and France gathered their troops in Southern Vietnam.
On 26 October, it was replaced by Republic of Vietnam.
Caspar Willard Cap Weinberger, GBE (August 18, 1917March 28, 2006), was an American politician and businessman.
As a prominent Republican he served in a variety of prominent state and federal positions for three decades, including Chairman of the California Republican Party, 1962-68.
Most notably he was appointed Secretary of Defense under Republican President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1987.
He was born in Inawashiro, Fukushima.
He worked at the Institute of Infectious Diseases as a doctor.
When he was 24, he went to the United States.
In 1928, he moved to Ecuador, where there were many cases of yellow fever.
He went to find the bacteria that caused it.
After arriving there, he was able to identify the bacteria as yellow fever, and developed a vaccine.
This quickly reduced the number of people dying of yellow fever in South America.
An open world, sometimes called a sandbox world, is a video game design point.
It describes the game as free-form, or allows the player to do quests or jobs with no relation to the plot of the game.
He has been in prison for different crimes, for example a violent crime and because he travelled using another person's passport.
Nelson Mandela was an anti-apartheid activist and democratically elected President of South Africa.
Applause is an electropop and Eurodance song.
It is about being famous and applauded by fans.
In 1969 he studied at the American School of Art in Munich.
In 1972 he took a half year study trip to West Africa.
Wilson starts with nothing.
Willow starts with a Lighter, and a teddy bear.
Willow is usually used by trolls.
It was not long after this that Columbia became the maker of these records.
No other companies made records for Aretino after Columbia began to make them.
These records have a catalog number that begins with the letter D and then numbers that are larger than 500.
They have music on both sides.
Of all Aretino records, these are the most common.
Most records from this time period have a diameter of 10 inches.
Columbia also made a group of records for Aretino that are 12 inches in diameter.
These are very hard to find.
They have catalog numbers with the letter A at the beginning.
Aretino stopped making anything after the year 1914.
chr files are used to draw 8x8 tiles for homebrew NES development.
To draw graphics for the NES such as backgrounds or sprites, they must be pieced together using 8x8 pixel tiles constrained to 4 colors.
The contents of a chr file can be summed up as multiple lines of bit strings.
For example, take the first line of the chr file for the game Super Mario Bros.
Poi is a .
Poi means both a style of performing art and the equipment used for engaging in poi performance.
As a skill toy poi is an object or theatrical prop.
Poi started with the Māori people of New Zealand, where it is still practised today.
Besides increasing abilities, poi can be useful like a physical activity.
Physical activity increases when the spinner spins heavy poi, spins fast, and adds body moves.
François Cavanna (22 February 1923 – 29 January 2014) was a French author and satirical newspaper editor.
There are three main forms for writing linear functions: slope-intercept, standard and parametric.
formula_3.
Example: The lines 3x–2y=1 and 6x–4y=2 are coincident (same line).
Here the factor is: k=2.
We multiplied the first equation by 2 to get the second equation.
The unique slope-intercept form of this line is: y=1.5x–0.5 (solve either equation for y).
Example: X=(–1,1)+t(2,3), t∈R is a line in vector form.
Here: a=2, a=3, x=–1 and x=1.
The line goes through the points (x,y)=(–1,1) and (x+a,y+a)=(1,4).
The corresponding parametric form of this line is: x(t)= –1+2t, y(t)=1+3t.
The unique slope-intercept form of this line is: y(x)=1.5x+2.5   (solve the first equation for t and substitute this result into the second equation).
Lesotho and Swaziland were not Bantustans, but former British colonies granted independence by Great Britain and internationally recognised.
After serving nine years in opposition, Smuts became Deputy Prime Minister in a coalition government led by Barry Hertzog.
RICO started in 1970.
Many different groups have been threatened with lawsuits or sued under this law.
Richard James Rich Appel (born May 21, 1963) is an American writer, producer and former lawyer.
He is best known for writing and producing Fox animated sitcoms such as Family Guy, American Dad!, and The Simpsons.
He also co-created The Cleveland Show with Seth MacFarlane and Mike Henry.
The General Conference on Weights and Measures was set up under the Metre Convention as an organ of the BIPM.
It gives the BIPM its mandate and budget on behalf of the member states.
Its French name is Conférence générale des poids et mesures.
Its abbreviation is CGPM.
This is the title history of the WWE Intercontinental Championship.
The title was introduced in 1979 when Pat Patterson was awarded the championship he won a fictional tournament in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
In total, there have been 75 distinct championship holders as of January 2018.
Kemijärvi is a city in Lapland in northestern Finland.
The municipalities next to it are Pelkosenniemi, Salla, Posio and Rovaniemi.
The Division of Riverina-Darling was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
They spread to Asia, Europe and Africa after a drop in sea level allowed them to cross over.
It survived into the Pliocene, and its remains have been found in Chile, china, France, Germany, Austria, Kansas, Tennessee, Pakistan, Kenya and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A diesel generator is a diesel-electric system, a diesel engine that powers a electrical generator to produce electricity.
Diesel generators are located at places where there is no electricity supply from the electrical grid or for emergency supply if there is problem with the normal electricity supply.
The Division of South Sydney was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
His articles were greatly influenced by Islamic literature.
They are mainly about Qur'an, wilayat, the tragedy of Karbala, and usool-e-deen.
Some of his articles are listed below.
On that day, the plane was flown by three crew.
The 49-year-old captain, Masami Takahama, was a very experienced pilot.
He has flown for 12423 hours, with 4842 hours on 747s.
The 39-year-old co-pilot, Yutaka Sasaki, was training to be a captain.
On that flight, he was seated on the left-seat (which is usually for captains).
He has flown 3963 hours, with 2665 hours on 747s.
The last crew, 46-years-old flight engineer, Hiroshi Fukuda, has flown 9831 hours, with 3846 hours on 747s.
There were also 12 cabin crew.
There were 509 passengers, including the singer and actor Kyu Sakamoto, who died in the plane crash.
The countries which the passengers and crew came from are listed below.
The Division of St George was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The Division of Phillip was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The Division of Nepean was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The Division of Martin was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The Division of Lawson was an Australian Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales.
The University of Waterloo and Wilfred Laurier University are in Waterloo.
The headquarters of mobile phone maker BlackBerry is there.
There is a legal requirement for a register, the list of registered medical practitioners in Britain.
That is the main job of the GMC.
The GMC controls entry to the List of Registered Medical Practitioners (the medical register).
The main objective of the General Council in exercising their functions is to protect, promote and maintain the health and safety of the public.
Gordimer was one of 20 Nobel Laureates who signed the Stockholm memorandum at the 3rd Nobel Laureate Symposium on Global Sustainability in Stockholm, Sweden on 18 May 2011.
In 1995 the locality known as Roma was divided by Statistics Sweden into a part with the tentative name of Roma kyrkby or Lövsta (pop.
277) and the remaining part that retained the name Roma (pop.
913), but is using to as Romakloster as postal address.
The American lion was large, slightly larger than the early middle Pleistocene cave lion, P.
leo fossilis and about 25% larger than the modern African lion.
There is no evidence that it was a social hunter like the modern lion, and that may explain its size.
Adopting children from one country into a family from another is a relatively new idea.
It developed after World War II.
By the 1970s it became a fairly common event.
But it was soon recognized this was creating a number of legal and human problems.
There were few domestic and international laws that adequately protected children's rights.
The Hague Adoption Convention of 1993 addressed these concerns.
The Convention gave the responsibility of providing the protection against child trafficking, safe adoption and a quick adoption process to the countries and to adoption agencies.
At the beginning the sport was popular in France, Spain, Belgium, and Italy.
Some of the first races were Liège–Bastogne–Liège (started in 1892), Paris-Roubaix (1896), the Tour de France (1903), the Milan – San Remo and Giro di Lombardia (1905), the Giro d'Italia (1909) and the Tour of Flanders (1913).
Nowadays there are many other races, but these historic races remain the most famous and many cyclists want to win them.
In the novel, she works for MI6 and assists Bond whilst gambling in France.
She later turns out to be a double agent.
During his time as Pope, there were many discussions of when, exactly, the feast of the Resurrection (Easter) should be celebrated.
This Pope favored the custom of celebrating Easter on a Sunday while others thought it should be celebrated on Passover, whatever day of the week that it should fall on.
Anacetus's practice of celebrating Easter on Sunday was maintained while members of the Eastern Church favored Passover.
Peterson was Assistant Secretary of Labor.
She was also Director of the United States Women's Bureau under President John F.
Kennedy.
Peterson worked hard to help get the Equal Pay Act of 1963 passed into law.
In 1964, President Lyndon Johnson named Peterson to the newly created post of Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs.
She later served as President Jimmy Carter's Director of the Office of Consumer Affairs.
Peterson was also Vice President for Consumer Affairs at Giant Food Corporation.
She was also president of the National Consumers League.
Miller met Krauss in 2008 when he was waiting tables at a Brazilian restaurant.
The band wrote to Brian Eno to ask him to produce their second album.
Eno said that he liked Slowdive's music but wanted to make music with them rather than produce their album.
Cephalaspis (meaning 'head shield') is a genus of armoured fish in the early Devonian about 400 million years ago (mya).
It is classified from a cross-peen hammer, point-peen hammer, or chisel-peen hammer by having a hemispherical head.
Though the process of peening has become rarer in metal fabrication, the ball-peen hammer remains useful for many tasks, such as striking punches and chisels.
Siligo is a city in the region of Logudoro in northern Sardinia, Italy.
He was best known for his work on Kannada movies and for his work in stage shows.
He directed many successful stage shows such as Kakanakote, Thughlaq and Sankranthi.
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Oliver Ellsworth, swore him in.
The Florida Park Service is the part of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.
They operate the Florida State Parks.
The National Recreation and Park Association gave them the Gold Medal honoring the best state park system in the country in 1999 and 2005.
The parks are open all year.
Some have many things to do other than fishing, hiking and camping.
Many parks have facilities for bird watching or horseback riding; there are several battle reenactments; and freshwater (not salty) springs and beaches are some of Florida's very beautiful places.
In metrology, the term system of measurement is often used as a synonym for system of units.
Most of the songs were made by husband and wife Robert and Kristen Anderson-Lopez, while the movie's background music was made by Christophe Beck.
The first song in the movie, Frozen Heart, was made by South Sami composer Frode Fjellheim and is in a traditional Sami style called Vuelie.
All 19 crew came from Taiwan.
When there was no more hope for survivors, the teams started to recover wreckage and human remains.
These were sent to Penghu Islands.
There, the wreckage were numbered and the human remains were sent for identification.
In the end, out of 225 people on board, 175 bodies were recovered.
50 remain in the sea.
Sarin can be lethal even at very low concentrations.
Death comes in 1 to 10 minutes after breathing it in.
It paralyses lung muscles.
Antidotes, such as atropine, can save a person if given immediately.
The base units of SI are the metre, the second, the kilogram, the ampere, the kelvin, the candela and the mole.
SI has many derived units which include the watt, newton and joule.
SI is called a coherent system of units because the constant factor in the definition of it derived units is always 1.
The assault bridge SPRAT is manufactured by the French company CNIM.
The SEPECAT Jaguar is a twin-turbojet military aircraft.
It was designed and built as an attack aircraft, also used as a training aircraft.
It was built by SEPECAT, an Anglo-French company.
It first flew in 1968.
Armée de l'Air and Royal Air Force were the main users.
It was used in wars in Africa by French, and in Gulf War and Afghanistan War by British and French.
The term bijection and the related terms surjection and injection were introduced by Nicholas Bourbaki.
In the 1930s, he and a group of other mathematicians published a series of books on modern advanced mathematics.
Example: The quadratic function f(x) = x is not a bijection (from ℝ→ℝ).
Image 3.
It is not a surjection.
It is not an injection.
However, we can restrict both its domain and codomain to the set of non-negative numbers (0,+∞) to get an (invertible) bijection (see examples below).
is the bijection defined as the inverse function of the quadratic function: x.
Image 6: thick green curve.
Until 2015, Instagram confined photos to a square shape, similar to Kodak Instamatic and Polaroid images.
This was different than the 4:3 typically used by digital cameras.
Users were able to share very short videos.
In 2017, the length limit was raised to ten minutes.
Flight 370 left Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, at 00:41 on 8 March 2014 (MST; UTC+8) for a scheduled six-hour flight to Beijing Capital International Airport.
Subang Air Traffic Control Centre lost contact with the plane at about 01:22, while it was over the Gulf of Thailand.
It was reported missing at 02:40.
The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation investigated to see if terrorism was involved.
Two passengers, one from Austria and another one from Italy, were named on the manifest but they were discovered not to have been on board.
Their passports had been stolen.
Malaysian authorities found identity of two other passengers to be false.
Reeves was born in Montreal, Quebec.
He studied at Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf.
Reeves now lives in Paris, France.
Hylonomus is an extinct stem tetrapod which lived 312 million years ago (mya) during the Pennsylvanian.
Trabzonspor or TS, is a Turkish football club from Trabzon.
Trabzonspor was founded in August 2, 1967.
87% of the land area is mountain.
Algebraic geometry is a type of mathematics, studying polynomial equations.
Modern algebraic geometry is based on more abstract techniques of abstract algebra, especially commutative algebra, with the language and the problems of geometry.
Algebraic geometry takes a central place in modern mathematics.
The concepts it uses connects it to diverse fields such as complex analysis, topology and number theory.
At the start, algebraic geometry was about studying systems of polynomial equations in several variables.
Algebraic geometry starts at the point where equation solving leaves off: In many cases, finding the properties of all the solutions in a given set of equations have, are more important than finding a particular solution: this leads into some of the deepest place in all of mathematics, both conceptually and in terms of technique.
Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) is a network layer protocol used to convert an IP address into a physical address (called a DLC address), such as an Ethernet address.
A host wishing to obtain a physical address broadcasts an ARP request onto the TCP/IP network.
The host on the network that has the IP address in the request then replies with its physical hardware address.
Rachel Donelson Robards and Andrew Jackson wanted to get married.
They could not because Rachel was already married to Lewis Robards.
She tried to get a divorce in 1790.
She and Andrew thought that her husband would get a divorce.
They got married in 1791 in the town of Natchez, Mississippi.
Their marriage was unlawful (against the law).
She and Andrew tried to get a real divorce until 1794.
They married again in 1794 when her marriage with Lewis Robards ended.
No one knows if she knew that she broke the law.
He was drafted with the 176th overall pick by the New York Rangers in the 1978 NHL Entry Draft.
The monument was on an extraordinary scale and unique, researchers said.
The Stonehenge Hidden Landscapes team has been creating an underground map of the area in a five-year project.
Remote sensing and geophysical imaging technology has been used to reveal evidence of nearly 100 stones without the need for excavation.
Macià achieved the rank of lieutenant-colonel during his military career.
Suzanne Moore (born 1958) is an English journalist.
Moore was born in Ipswich to an American father and a Tory-voting working-class mother.
She is a feminist.
An image of Bunratty Castle was used in the 1976 The Paul Lynde Halloween Special, as the home of Witchiepoo.The castle was renamed 'Gloomsbury Castle' for comedic purpose but not actually filmed there.
Bernard Francis Bernie McGann (22 June 1937 – 17 September 2013) was an Australian jazz alto saxophone player.
He began his career in the late 1950s.
He stayed active as a performer, composer and recording artist until his death.
He was born in Granville, New South Wales.
Agent 47 wears a pure black suit, black leather gloves, a white dress shirt and a red tie.
The Hitman video game series allows the player to engage in stealth (sneaking) mode strategy to not direct attention to himself.
Agent 47 has the ability to change what he looks like by exchanging different costumes which can be stolen from enemies or from places to make the progression easier.
The outfits can come from many different NPCs.
The actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from different sources.
Transport Canada stated that over 33,000 passengers on 224 flights arrived in Canada, while NAV CANADA stated that there were 239 flights.
Prime Minister Jean Chrétien said that the number of flights was anywhere between 225 and 250 and that the number of passengers were between 30,000 and 45,000.
Blue shift is one example of the Doppler effect.
It is the opposite effect to redshift.
Hitoshi Matsumoto is taking charge of the composition of this program.He suggests many of plans.
Masatoshi Hamada does chairman advance.
Moriman has won all the games.
This program is always ranked in the top 10 in variety program annual audience rating from 1995 to 2001.
The number of sales of a total of eight DVDs records smash success which sells about 1700000 sheets.
Stoltenberg has been a member of the Global Commission for the Economy and Climate.
If we only want the shortest path between vertices and , we can stop the search after line 15 if (if the current node is the target node).
Metropolitan Jovan Pavlović (, ; 22 October 1936 – 3 April 2014) was a Croatian religious leader.
He was the Metropolitan of Metropolitanate of Zagreb and Ljubljana of Serbian Orthodox Church.
He was born in Medinci, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
AlunaGeorge are Aluna Francis and George Reid, two electronic musicians from London.
The song has been used in the 1999 movies Mystery Men and Inspector Gadget.
Adonis was the Greek god of beauty and desire.
His religion belonged to women.
A QR code (quick-response code) is a type of two-dimensional matrix barcode.
He received the La Orden del liberator (The order of the liberator) Venezuela's highest public order, in 1986.
Aino-Maija Tikkanen (2 November 1927 – 3 March 2014) was a Finnish actress.
She appeared in 15 movies between 1954 and 2010.
She was born in Turku.
Economic liberalism is a political ideology based on strong support for a market economy, private property in the means of production and opposition to government intervention in the economy, e.g.
opposition to public ownership and opposing the regulation of industries.
Economic liberals believe in the free market and laissez-faire economic policies.
The title was renamed the WWF Heavyweight Championship after the World Wide Wrestling Federation became the World Wrestling Federation in March 1979.
It was also revealed that Earl Hebner, who was said to have been refereeing the match, wasn't even in the ring.
Instead, DiBiase paid for another referee to have plastic surgery to look like Hebner so that he could guarantee Andre would win the WWF Championship.
This is the shortest reign in the championship's history.
On July 19, the WWE Championship became exclusive to the SmackDown brand after Dean Ambrose was drafted in the 2016 WWE draft.
Series 1 was released on March 1, 2014, and consists of the tribes the Infernites, the Cragsters, and the Electroids.
Russell was the President pro tempore of the United States Senate.
He served as president pro tempore from 1969 to 1971.
Russell ran for President of the United States in 1948.
He lost the primary to Harry S.
Truman.
Burushal state or Bru zha land is the old name for Gilgit Division of the Gilgit Baltistan the region of Pakistan.
Burushal, which was once an independent state in the past, is located in the Gilgit-Baltistan province of Pakistan.
Burushal is a word from Burushaski which means headland of the Brušo/Burusho nation.
The inhabitants here are called Burusho/Brušo and their dialect is Brušski/burushaski.
The Burusho people have the distinction of being the oldest inhabitants of the northwest of India and the first settlers.
And they may have been before the migration of Indo Aryans.
Today we talk about Burushal we usually refer to Gilgit Division Which includes Nagar Hunza Gilgit and Ghizer as sub-division Districts.
Chitral is in the south west of Burushal, China is in the north, Afghanistan is in the north and northwest and Dardistan/ Diamar is in the south, and southeast.
Baltistan (baloi/boloristan) is at east and northeast.
The Great Britain mammal fauna is impoverished compared with that of continental Europe.
This is because there was only a short time between the last ice age and the flooding of the land bridge between Britain and the rest of Europe.
The list only has land species which crossed before the creation of the English Channel, and those later brought in by humans.
Rodents make up the largest order of mammals, with over 40 percent of mammalian species.
They have two incisors in the upper and lower jaw which grow continuously and must be kept short by gnawing.
Most rodents are small though the coypu (once introduced to Great Britain, but subsequently eradicated) can weigh up to 9 kg (15.5 lb).
It is 50% larger in size than the previous largest known viruses, but Pandoravirus has the largest viral genome, containing 1.9 to 2.5 megabases of DNA.
Spring wheat is a type of wheat.
It grows in the spring.
It is harvested in late summer or early autumn.
In colder regions (higher latitudes), seeds can only be sown after winter is over.
It contributes to 5% to 8% of the U.S wheat production.
Sir Bors the Younger is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories.
He is one of the Knights of the Round Table.
His father, Bors the Elder, was the King of Gaunnes.
Bors the Younger and his brother, Lionel, rebelled against Claudas' court.
Before they were captured by Claudas, the boys were rescued by one of the Lady of the Lake's servants.
They, alongside Jaxon, grew up to become skilled knights.
They then joined King Arthur's Round Table.
Along with Galahad and Percival, Bors was one of the three to witness the wonders of the Holy Grail.
Lake Hindmarsh is the first lake of the Wimmera River Terminal Wetlands.
Its water comes directly from the Wimmera River.
When full, the lake covers , is deep and holds 378 GL of water.
It is a wetland of national significance.
If Lake Hindmarsh overflows, water flows on to the deeper Lake Albacutya, which is a Ramsarwetland of international importance.
The lake is part of the Wimmera River Terminal Wetlands.
Water enters the lake from Outlet Creek which only flows when Lake Hindmarsh overflows.
Water from the Wimmera River flows into Lake Hindmarsh.
When full water from Lake Albacutya flows along Outlet Creek, and begins to fill further small lakes and wetlands to the north.
This has not happened since 1976.
Lake Colac is a large freshwater lake in western Victoria, Australia.
The town of Colac is built along the south shore of the lake.
Lake Colac has an area of 1,820 hectares, an average depth of 2.5 metres and a circumference of 33 km.
The area was the home of the Kolijon (or Coladjin) people.
The name Colac comes from either the word Kolijon, or their word kolak which means the lake's sand or fresh water.
The lake is used for watersport, including sailing, rowing and water skiing.
The foreshore has a playground and a boat ramp.
The Colac Botanical Gardens are next to the lake.
TF1 stood first for Television France 1 created in 1978.
TF1 was the only channel in France for 28 years so I had Broadcasted Parent and English Tv shows.
It was the only channel in France for 28 years, and has often changed its name since the creation of Radio-PTT Vision on April 26, 1935, making it one of the oldest television stations in the world, and one of the very few prewar television stations to remain in existence to the present day.
It became Radiodiffusion nationale Télévision (RN Télévision) in 1937, Fernsehsender Paris (Paris Television) during German occupation in 1943, RDF Télévision française in 1944, RTF Télévision in 1949, la Première chaîne de la RTF in 1963 following the creation of the second channel, la Première chaîne de l'ORTF in 1964 and finally Télévision Française 1 (TF1) in 1975.
In January 2002, He announced that he was battling throat cancer.
Since then, he has recovered largely but he lost a lot of weight going from 231 pounds (105 kg) to 190 pounds (86 kg) or even less.
His voice also changed to a soft, high-pitched tone, different from his strong, rugged tone during his color commentator days.
In December 2007, he had reconstructive surgery on his jaw, when the first surgery was not successful.
He was placed in a medically induced coma and was slowly brought out.
In February 2009, he was released from the hospital and was relearning how to speak clearly.
Wheels are a very useful technology for people.
Many technologies that people use are also found in nature, like wings and lenses.
No known multicellular organism (an organism made of many cells) can spin part of its body while keeping the rest of its body still.
However, there are at least two examples of rotating parts used by cells.
One example is a molecule called ATP synthase.
ATP synthase is used to store and move energy.
For example, it is used in the processes of photosynthesis (a way of storing energy from the sun) and oxidative phosphorylation (a way of releasing stored energy).
ATP synthase is similar to flagellar motors, which are talked about below.
Biologists (scientists who study life) think that ATP synthase is an example of modular evolution.
In modular evolution, two parts with different jobs join together and pick up a new job.
The 1995 short story Microbe, by Kenyon College biologist and feminist science fiction writer Joan Slonczewski, is about a trip to explore an alien world, where the plant and animal life is entirely made of doughnut-shaped organisms.
There were 6,472 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
In 2005, Valve launched a website called Valve Developer Community.
It is a wiki about how to use the Source engine.
Protopopov and Belousova met in Moscow in 1954.
They trained in Leningrad.
They competed internationally for the Soviet Union.
Their first coach was Igor Moskvin.
Their second coach was Petr Orlov.
After some disagreements, they left Orlov.
They then trained without a coach at a rink in Voskresensk, Moscow Oblast.
In 1961, they decided to work with Stanislav Zhuk to raise their technical difficulty.
Lake Toba in Sumatra, Indonesia, is the site of a supervolcanic eruption that occurred 73,000 (±4000 years) years ago.
George Michael performed this version at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in April 1992.
The cover went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
It was included in his EP Five Live in 1993.
Walker County is a county of the U.S.
state of Alabama.
In conventional fishing, smallmouth may be successfully caught on a wide range of natural and artificial baits or lures.
These include crankbaits, hair jigs, plastic jerkbaits, spinnerbaits, and all types of soft plastic lures, including curly tail grubs or tubes with lead head jigs.
They may also be caught with a fly rod using a dry or wet artificial fly, nymphs, streamers, or imitations of larger aquatic creatures, such as hellgrammites, crawfish, or leeches.
Floating topwater popper fly patterns and buzz baits are also popular for smallmouth fishing.
Nocturnal activity in an animal of this size virtually requires an increased internal production of heat.
The fourth generation iPad was announced on October 16, 2012 at a media event that was held at the California Theatre in San Jose, California.
It was available for pre-order online in several countries on October 26.
The Wi-Fi version of the device went on sale in several countries on November 2, 2012.
The cellular model went on sale a few weeks later.
On January 29, 2013, Apple announced a 128 GB version of the 4th generation iPad.
It went on sale on February 5, 2013.
Advanced divers can dive down to Oasis and swim up and down the main street.
Parts of the old wood church are still there as are foundations of several buildings.
While Table Rock is deep, it is not murky like typical lakes.
Underwater visibility is good, making scuba diving a popular sport in the lake.
Image Entertainment Corporation Inc.
is a Canadian animation studio and production company based in Montreal, Canada.
It was founded in 2000 by Sylvain Viau, the current CEO.
Dementia praecox is a term in Latin which Emil Kraepelin invented and contrasted with a mental illness called manic-depressive insanity which is re-described as Bipolar disorder today.
For Kraepelin and other psychiatrists, people diagnosed with manic-depressive insanity often had episodes in which they seemed normal, while people with dementia praecox did not.
Dementia is a mental illness which mostly occurs in old people.
International Indian School, Dammam (formerly known as Indian Embassy School) is located in the Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.
The current principal of the school is mehnaz farid[2021].
On March 2012, the channel became available in true High-definition via video at YahLive service.
This channel was shut down in 2016 due to the Turner-beIN deal.
In 2012, Howell won SuperNote.
This is a competition on YouTube run by Rhett and Link.
Howell was also in the video series Becoming YouTube created by Benjamin Cook.
Becoming YouTube is about becoming an internet celebrity.
Thomas Jefferson was born on the 13th of April in 1743.
His parents were Jane Randolph Jefferson and Peter Jefferson.
His brothers were Peter and Randolph.
His sisters were Jane, Mary, Elizabeth, Marta, Lucy and Anna.
He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party.
He was president from 1801 till 1809.
He died on July 5, 1826 and was buried at Monticello.
The transition from an agricultural to an industrial economy took more than a century in the United States, they lagged far behind their mother country, England.
The Industrial Revolution started around 1750 in England, and fifty years later in the United States.
This was because there was a lot of land to work on, but there was too less labour to do that.
The industrial machines were expensive.
The start of the Industrial Revolution in America is caused by Samuel Slater, who built the first industrial mill in the United States around 1790.
His cotton mill looked a lot like the British mill.
But through this mill, the speed with which cotton thread could be spun into yarn was greatly increased.
Another cause of the rapidly changing economy were the new organizational strategies to increase the speed to make the products.
This reformation was especially important for the shoe and boot industry.
Were first the most products were made by hand.
In 1860 the Spoorwegnet was founded.
It is a system that connects all the cities with railways built by the government.
Trains are usually divided into two classes of seating, first and second.
Hysteresis is a concept in physical science.
This hurricane killed between 6,000 and 12,000 people.
At the 17th Academy Awards, Going My Way was nominated for 10 Academy Awards.
They included two for Barry Fitzgerald.
His work on the movie was nominated for both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor.
Later, the rules were changed so that that could not happen again.
It won seven, including Best Picture.
All about Eve is a 1950 American drama movie.
The movie was directed by Joseph L.
Mankiewicz.
It stars Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders and Celeste Holm.
Marilyn Monroe, Hugh Marlowe, Thelma Ritter and Barbara Bates are also in the movie.
It is about the young woman Eve Harrington becoming a star and replacing the current star Margot Channing.
The film was a critical success.
All about Eve was nominated for 14 Academy Awards.
It won six, including Best Director and Best Picture.
It is often considered one of the best films of all time.
The test results are regarded as 'significant' if there is only one chance in 20 that the result could be got by chance.
Bardsey Lighthouse stands on the south end of the island and guides vessels passing through St George's Channel and the Irish Sea.
It is the only square lighthouse looked after by Trinity House.
Lt.
Thomas Evans R.N., asked for a light on the island in 1816.
In 1821 Trinity House built the lighthouse at a cost of £5,470 12s 6d with another £2,950 16s 7d for the lantern.
The walls are 1.2 m (4 ft) thick at the base and 0.9 m (3 ft) at the top.
The island was made a National Nature Reserve in 1986, and is part of Glannau Aberdaron ac Ynys Enlli Special Protection Area ().
It is now a favourite bird-watching location, on the migration routes of thousands of birds.
Bardsey Bird and Field Observatory (), founded in 1953, nets and rings 8,000 birds each year to study their migration patterns.
Thousands of birds pass through each year on their way to their breeding or wintering grounds.
Chiffchaffs, goldcrests and wheatears are usually the first to pass through, followed by sedge warblers and willow warblers, whitethroats and spotted flycatchers.
The division is named after Ludwig Leichhardt, an explorer and scientist.
The 1974 FIFA World Cup Final was the final match of the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
The match was played with the teams West Germany and the Netherlands.
The West Germans won the match 2–1, winning their second world cup title.
iOS 8 is the eighth major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS.
It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 2, 2014.
It contains several new features, such as an app named Health, and a framework called HealthKit.
A clinometer is an instrument that measures vertical slopes, usually the angle between the ground or the observer and a tall object.
The name clinometer comes from the Greek words κλίνω (klino), meaning to slope or lean, and μέτρο (metro), meaning to measure.
Karanvir Bohra (previously known as Manoj Bohra) is an Indian movie and television actor.
He married Teejay Sidhu in 2006.
Bohra appeared in Star Plus TV show Kasautii Zindagii Kay as Prem.
He then played the role of Dev Kataria in the movie Kismat Konnection.
Bernard Patrick Doc Neeson (4 January 1947 – 4 June 2014) was a Northern Irish-born Australian singer and musician.
He was best known as the lead singer for the hard rock band The Angels.
He performed also as a bass guitarist.
Until his death, he had been musically active since 1971.
He later formed the band Red Phoenix in May 2005.
Vegavis is a genus of extinct bird that lived during the latest Upper Cretaceous of Antarctica, some 66 million years ago (mya).
Among modern birds, It is most closely related to ducks and geese (Anatidae).
The discovery shows that some of the major groups of bird alive today had already diversified in the Cretaceous.
It has been hailed as the first definite physical proof that birds from some of the modern groups lived in the Mesozoic.
The fossil record includes many complete skeletons from Green River Formation sites (early Eocene).
This suggests that the birds nested in colonies, similar to many colony-nesting waterfowl or shorebirds today.
Species of this bird have also been found in Maryland, Utah, England, and Mongolia.
While the first 22 episodes were directed by Paul Riley, Johnny's Royal Flush / Johnny Test's Day Off, Johnny and Dark Vegan's Battle Brawl Mania / A Scholarship for Johnny and Johnny Boat Racing / Johnny Lock Down were directed by Larry Jacobs and the final episode Good Ol' Johnny Test / Johnny X Strikes Back Again!
was directed by John Lei.
Normally, farmers harvest peppers that are cultivated outdoors in late July.
It ripens from the bottom and peppers placed closer to a root are more likely to ripen well and have more vivid red color.
It can be harvested until we have the first frost and till then, we can harvest five times from one root in average.
The quality of produce is affected by how many times have peppers being harvested.
For example, if the root can bear fruits five times, then the first produce will have more thicker fruit skin and also the taste of it is better because the first one has strong sweet flavor and hot flavor at the same time in harmony.
However, the color is little bit darker and less in red than the second or third one, so it is easy to be mistaken as worse produce than later produce.
The main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican.
That barbican used to go over a drawbridge and a ramp from the town.
Today, the path goes along the east side of the walls.
The barbican has some of the oldest machicolation stones in Britain.
In the early days, the gate to the castle was probably protected by a portcullis.
There used to be a wall that separated the Inner Ward from the Outer Ward.
The wall, which was inside the castle, had a drawbridge and a gate.
There was also a ditch which made it hard to cross if the gate was closed.
In the 16th century, the ditch was filled up so people could walk over it and the drawbridge was removed.
This is where the spring that the castle gets it water from is located.
The well is deep.
The Inner Ward is where the royal guests and residents lived.
It is also where their staff and servants lived.
The royal bedrooms, also called chambers, are considered the finest preserved in England and Wales.
The Inner Ward was supposed to look like a very small version of a royal palace.
The reason the wall, gate, and ditch were built was so that if there was an emergency or an attack, the Inner Ward could be sealed off from the Outer Ward, which would fight against invasions.
Plot: The Lab Rats are on the run as stowaways on a cargo freight headed to the unknown.
Once captured by the ship's crew, they are forced to choose between helping a submarine in danger, which would reveal their whereabouts and put them at risk of being caught, or staying quiet.
Meanwhile, Leo and Davenport try to find a way out of the elevator.
Plot: Donald performs Death defying stunt to earn money for a new lab.
Lotte World is a major recreation complex in [BIG BALLS]], NORTH KOREAn border.
It is the world's largest indoor theme park.
Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie is a 2005 American direct-to-video animated movie.
It was produced by John A.
Smith and was directed by Elliot M.
Bour and Saul Andrew Blinkoff.
It is a sequel to Pooh's Heffalump Movie which was released in February 11, 2005.
Fluvial terraces are divided into Rock terraces or gravel terraces according to structure materials.
They are classified as Tectonic terraces or Climate terraces depending on how they were formed.
Deaths of sled dogs: 3 sled dogs died during the race in 2024.
After creating Hari Om Entertainment, Kumar want to make a production company lead by Ashvini Yardi.
The company is based in Juhu, Mumbai.
With a population in 2014 of 7,663, Céret has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population in 2014 of 5,927, Prades has a population density of inhabitants/km.
This example program prints its command line arguments.
The codice_1 function is the entry point of a D program, and codice_2 is an array of strings representing the command line arguments.
A codice_3 in D is an array of characters, represented by codice_4 in D1, or codice_5 in D2.
James Jim Keays (9 September 1946 – 13 June 2014) was a Scottish-born Australian singer-songwriter and musician.
He was best known for fronting the hard rock band The Masters Apprentices from 1965 until 1972.
He performed also as a bass guitarist.
Until his death, he had been active since 1964.
He was later a solo musician and a member of the band Cotton Keays & Morris with Darryl Cotton and Russell Morris from 2000 until 2012.
McQueen was born on 17 March 1969 at University Hospital Lewisham in Lewisham, London.
He started drawing at age three.
He wanted to be a designer since he was in primary school.
McQueen left school at age 16 and started to serve an apprenticeship with Savile Row tailors in 'Anderson & Sheppard'.
Afterwards, he also worked for 'Gieves & Hawkes', which made stage costumes for famous shows in London.
The skills he learned as an apprentice on Savile Row helped him to get a reputation in the fashion world.
At the age of 21, McQueen was hired by Romeo Gigli as assistant designer in Italy.
In 1994, McQueen returned to London and got a master's degree from Central Saint Martins College.
It was the turning point that led him to be a designer.
McQueen worked at Givenchy as a head designer from 1996 to 2001.
After he separated with Givenchy, he focused on his own label.
Then, in 2001, he made a debut with The Dance of the Twisted Bull collection in Paris which provoked some scandals.
Kohli's playing style is widely regarded as aggressive, a trait that extends to his leadership on the field.
Kohli is known as a skilled batsman who plays with determination and energy.
In one-day cricket, he usually bats at number three and stands with his chest slightly open and holds the bottom of his bat firmly.
He's praised for his quick footwork, wide range of shots, and his talent for leading innings, especially in high-pressure situations.
Instead of trying to hit big shots, Kohli prefers to play safe shots close to the ground.
People admire his ability to make wrist shots and consistently perform well in the mid-wicket and cover areas.
Kohli is known for his composed batting technique and versatility in his play.
He scores runs between long-off and long-on with an aligned bat, while also possessing the ability to display a destructive streak.
His combination of bat-speed and supple wrist movements enable him to craft innovative angles that disrupt traditional field positioning.
His playing style is similar to the Greatest Sachin Tendulkar, that is why he is often compared to Sachin Tendulkar.
Toussaint was known for being a slave until the start of the Revolution.
He was free at the age of 33.
Torn is a song covered by Australian singer-songwriter Natalie Imbruglia from her debut album Left of the Middle.
Imbruglia get for track a Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, losing to Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On.
The video of the song was rated the second best video of all time by MTV Italy.
The TEENick block first broadcast on March 4, 2001.
It lasted until February 1, 2009.
The block aired on Sunday nights from 6 to 9 p.m.
ET/PT.
In 2005, it was rebroadcast on Saturday from 8 to 10 p.m.
ET/PT.
It replaced the SNICK block that started in 1992.
Saturday night editions were broadcast as TEENick Saturday Night until 2007.
At that time, the name was changed to TEENick for both broadcasts.
The first host was Nick Cannon.
The next host was Jason Everhart, also known as J.
Boogie.
Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka (February 28, 1923 – June 7, 2014) was a Polish-American philosopher and writer.
She was one of the most important and most active contemporary phenomenologists.
She was a founder and president of the World Phenomenology Institute.
She had also been the editor of the book series Analecta Husserliana since the late 1960s.
-Height Adjustible Rescue Assault System (HARAS): Based on a Chevrolet Suburban.
With a population of 15,518, Pamiers is the city in the department with more people living in it; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Saint-Girons has a population of 6,284 (2014), and population density of inhabitants/km.
One of many famous people who lives in Rangeley is Kurt Russell, the movie star.
He quietly owns a home in the mountains here.
He is locally called by the name Snake Plisskin.
His father, the actor Bing Russell, was a native of Rangeley.
Superclusters themselves form even larger structures, called filaments, complexes, walls or sheets, like the Great Wall.
These may span between several hundred million light-years to 10 billion light-years, and cover more than 5% of the observable universe.
Superclusters suggest something about the initial condition of the universe when these superclusters were formed.
The directions of the rotational axes of galaxies within superclusters may also tell us about the formation of galaxies early in the history of the Universe.
There are many possibilities for rhyme scheme.
Five-line stanzas can have any of ten schemes with two different rhymes: AAABB, AABAB, AABBA, ABBAA, ABABA, ABAAB, AABBB, ABABB, ABBAB, ABBBA.
Another possibility is of course AAAAA.
Sixteen Candles is a 1984 comedy movie.
It was written and directed by John Hughes.
It is about a high school girl who is turning sixteen.
Molly Ringwald plays Samantha Baker.
Saint-Gaudens has a population, in 2014, of 11,255, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation is a company that operates 19 amusement parks in Mexico, the United States and Canada.
The parks include theme parks, thrill parks, water parks and family entertainment centers.
In 2011, 24.3 million people visited the parks.
Hanover Central railway station was opened in 1843, and the new building in 1879.
Rafael Antonio Caldera Rodríguez (; 24 January 1916 – 24 December 2009), twice elected President of Venezuela, served for two five-year terms (1969–1974 and 1994–1999), becoming the longest serving democratically elected leader to govern the country in the twentieth century.
New York, I Love You is a 2008 American romantic-comedy-drama movie directed by Fatih Akin, Yvan Attal, Randall Balsmeyer, Allen Hughes, Shunji Iwai, Jiang Wen, Shekhar Kapur, Joshua Marston, Mira Nair, Natalie Portman, and Brett Ratner.
It stars Bradley Cooper, Shia LaBeouf, Natalie Portman, Anton Yelchin, Hayden Christensen, Orlando Bloom, Irrfan Khan, Rachel Bilson, Chris Cooper, Andy García, Christina Ricci, John Hurt, Cloris Leachman, Robin Wright Penn, Julie Christie, Maggie Q, Ethan Hawke, James Caan, Shu Qi, and Eli Wallach.
Odjick was born just outside of Maniwaki, Quebec on an Algonquin Native Reserve named Kitigan Zibi.
In 2003, he moved back to Vancouver and partnered with the Musqueam First Nation to manage the Musqueam Golf & Learning Academy.
On June 26, 2014, Odjick announced that he had been diagnosed with a rare terminal disease called AL amyloidosis.
Agloe, New York is a made-up town in New York.
It was created in the 1930s by the General Drafting Company to use in their maps as a copyright trap - a false fact that is created to see if someone copied from that source.
The movie was released in France on 22 July 2009 in 272 theatres.
With a population of 3,527 (2014), Mirande has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 9,820, Figeac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 4,297, Gourdon has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The city of Castres has a population, in 2014, of 41,382; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
He completed his early studies in the family, then moved to Naples at the Institute of Fine Arts, in the city of Naples attended the study of sculptor Stanislao Lista.
His talent easy, flashy, brought him great success with the public.
A Sky Full of Stars is an EDM song written by the British band Coldplay featuring Swedish DJ Avicii in 2014.
Attend young “Castello Sforzesco (of Milan) where he enjoys copying the studies and designs of the past greats such as Leonardo and Michelangelo.
This is hard to use for most people, mostly because when the user has to do a long command, he or she can miss a letter or two, so the computer shows an error, and he or she has to do it all over again, which can waste hours.
The band started in 1996 in Quincy, Massachusetts and was made up of lead vocalist Mike McColgan, bassist/vocalist Ken Casey, guitarist Rick Barton, and drummer Jeff Erna.
Erna was later replaced the next year by Matt Kelly.
The band is named after professional wrestler Dr.
John Dropkick Murphy.
The band first started playing in the basement of a friend's barbershop and soon began to tour and record music.
The band's first big break was when the were selected by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones to be the opening act for their 1997 tour in support of Let's Face It.
With a population in 2014 of 13,765, Castelsarrasin has a population density of inhabitants/km.
There is extensive experience that both methods worked well, and so did programmed learning in other forms, such as books.
She was once asked by an English woman, Have you come to get our husbands?
Her reply, If you knew the trouble I had getting rid of mine...
charmed her listeners and displayed the wit which later became famous.
Angeline and Heidi share a deep bond of friendship ever since Heidi was orphaned and was taken under the custody of Angeline's parents, Abner and Minda.
Angeline grows up responsible and compassionate while Heidi, fueled by ambition and envy, secretly detests Angeline and always feels inferior next to her.
Many boys are attracted to Angeline but she falls in love with Marcel.
It doesn't take long before Angeline becomes pregnant and gives up on her dreams of becoming a nurse in order to marry Marcel.
Although their marriage is void of happiness, Angeline tries to be an excellent wife to her husband, and takes good care of her in-laws, Romeo and Stella.
However, she soon learns that the life she chose is full of lies and betrayals.
Adding to her woes is her unexpected miscarriage.
She soon discovers that Marcel is cheating on her and shocked to learn of Heidi’s treachery.
Angeline is devastated by the thought of being betrayed by the two people closest to her heart.
Marcel decides to end his affair with Heidi but Heidi is already pregnant with his child.
He chooses to live with her as Angeline is forced to go back and stay with her parents.
But Angeline finds out that she, too, is pregnant with Marcel's child.
Kenner was arrested twice for crimes he never committed.
Eventually he was convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison.
After Kennard had spent three years in prison doing forced labor, Governor Ross Barnett pardoned him.
Journalists had looked into Kennard's case, and wrote that the state did not give Kennard the treatment he needed for his colon cancer.
Kennard died that same year.
Later, in 2006, a court ruled that Kennard was innocent of the crimes he had been sent to jail for .
Newsweek magazine later named this plan the Children's Crusade.
On May 2, more than 600 students, including some as young as 8 years old, tried to march from a local church to City Hall.
They were all arrested.
However, the next month, an African-American man named Jimmie Lee Jackson was shot by a police officer during a peaceful march.
Jackson died.
Many African-American people were very angry.
The SCLC was worried that people were so angry that they would get violent.
A conure is a term in aviculture referring to 2 genuses of parrot, Pyrrhura and Aratinga.
In science, they are known as parakeets, because 'conure' is not a scientific name.
The genus Helix is known from the Oligocene onwards.
Rice Park is about 2 acres in size.
It is located at 4th Street and Washington Street in downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.
He was best known for his role as Doctor Craig Rothwell in the television soap opera The Young Doctors during 1976 and 1977.
The club was founded in 1944.
The National Lacrosse League (abbreviated as NLL) is an indoor lacrosse league in North America.
It has five teams in the United States and four in Canada.
Its season is during the winter and spring.
Each team plays 18 games during the regular season.
Alfred Schmidt (born 19 May 1931, Berlin – 28 August 2012, Frankfurt am Main) was a German philosopher.
Gay liberation is a movement that encourages gay people and lesbians to come out.
The movement happened mostly in the 1960s and 1970s.
To come out means to publicly show one's sexual orientation to family, friends and others.
The movement involved LGBT in North America, Australia, New Zealand and Western Europe.
Fecal Matter was a short lived punk rock band from Aberdeen, Washington.
The band was made in 1985 by Kurt Cobain, the future lead guitarist of the band Nirvana, and Dale Crover.
The band made a demo tape named Illiteracy Will Prevail.
That demo tape was unofficially released in 1985.
In 2007, Bland was co-chair to pass a bond issue for the first major renovations and improvements to Meridian’s public schools in more than 20 years.
The bond issue was for $19.5 million.
The bond issue passed on March 27, 2007 with 71.3%.
Proton Mail is an email service founded in 2013.
Proton Mail can encrypt users' emails, making them impossible to read to anyone without an encryption password.
Proton Mail exists partly in response to news about surveillance done by the National Security Agency.
Five workers sued their employer.
The case that followed made it clear that people could sue their employer, if they contract occupational diseases.
From the age of nine, Davis aspired to become an actress, a dream that took root when she was cast in the Workshop Theatre production of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
She continued to live in South Carolina until she completed her high school education at A.C.
Flora High School in 1983.
Following her graduation, she made her way to New Jersey, where she pursued her education at Rutgers University.
In 1987, she proudly obtained a BFA degree in acting from Rutgers University's Mason Gross School of the Arts.
2.
Change of the rate of land revenue.
3.
Abolition of salt tax.
4.
Reduction of the rate of land revenue.
5.
Reduction of military expenditure.
Subsequently, he had leading roles in Wing Commander (1999), Down to You (2000), Boys and Girls (2000), Head over Heels (2001) and Summer Catch (2001), most of which were generally disliked by critics and had moderate box office success.
The league is made of 4 groups of 20 teams, making the amount of total teams 80 in all.
In each group, the top 6 teams qualify for the Copa Del Rey.
The 2nd, 3rd, and 4th placed teams qualify for playoffs to be promoted to Segunda Division.
The 1st placed team has to play a playoff with the champions of other groups and the winner is declared champion.
Kimbra is featured in the 2012 single Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye.
Karen X.
Gaylord (January 4, 1921 - August 1, 2014) was an American actress, model, and former Miss Minnesota, whose career was most successful during the 1940s.
He is not married thier life.
Before 1968, the tournament was known as the Canadian National Championships.
Since the start of the open era, the tournament has had many sponsors.
In the 1970s, it was held under the Rothmans International tobacco brand, Player's Limited was the main sponsor in the 1980s, and the sponsor changed again in 1997 to the cigarette company Du Maurier.
Since federal measures came into place to restrict tobacco advertising, Rogers, a media company, has become the head sponsor.
The song got mixed reviews.
In the United States, it hit #1 for around four weeks on the Billboard Hot 100.
It sold more than seven million copies worldwide.
At the age of seventeen Ricardo Bofill designed his first project, a summer home in Ibiza, and by twenty-three became lead architect of el Taller.
Bofill has created over 1000 projects to date in over 50 countries.
The Des Plaines River Valley Bridge is a post-tensioned concrete girder bridge in the northeastern portion of the U.S.
state of Illinois.
It carries Interstate 355 over the Des Plaines River, the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal, the Illinois and Michigan Canal, several railroad lines, Bluff Road, New Avenue and a forest preserve.
Since each component of the program works independently, each component can be tested by itself without needing the whole program to be completed first.
The program can be built piece by piece with confidence that each piece works.
Often, a company has already created a program or application to perform a specific task.
If that is the case, this legacy program, (program that has already been written) or a piece of this legacy program can be reused without the need to re-code that specific task.
Consequently, programs with SOA can be developed faster than traditional programs in some circumstances.
A natural birth of a Sphynx cat happened on a Minnesota farm.
The owners found hairless kittens in several litters of their domestic shorthair barn cats in the mid-1970s.
Two hairless female kittens born in 1975 and 1976, named Epidermis and Dermis, were also an important part of developing the breed.
More hairless cats were found in Texas, Arkansas, and Minnesota.
So, the modern Sphynx breed began with the Canadian cats and the Minnesota cats.
Davidson was elected as a Member of the Scottish Parliament in May 2011.
She became elected as Leader of the Scottish Conservative Party on the 4 November 2011.
Davidson left her position of as Leader of the Scottish Conservative Party on the 29 August 2019.
The album was produced by Karl Groom, Herman Li and Sam Totman.
The English Cocker Spaniel is a breed of dog.
It is one of many Spaniel breeds.
Spaniels were bred to hunt.
They were used as hunting dogs to retrieve shot animals.
Now they are family pets, but are still very active.
Cockers have a will of their own.
Most English Cocker Spaniels are loving, happy, friendly and intelligent animals.
Cairn Terriers have rough hair or fur that helps to protect the dog from water and dirt.
The fur can be blue, red, sandy, gray, or brindle.
Pure black, and white are usually not permitted by breeding groups.
Mehdi Tolouti (born 9 April 1985) is an boxer from Iran.
Timothy Tim Blake Nelson (born May 11, 1964) is an American director, writer, and actor.
He is known for his roles in O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Holes, The Incredible Hulk, and in Lincoln.
James George Abourezk (February 24, 1931 – February 24, 2023) is an American politician.
He is a former Democratic United States Representative and United States Senator.
He was the first Greek Orthodox Christian of Lebanese-Antiochite descent to serve in the United States Senate.
He represented South Dakota in the U.S.
Senate from 1973 until 1979.
After Jim Jeffords retired from the Senate in 2006, Sanders became senator when he won the Senate election with 65% of the vote.
During the election season, then-Senator Barack Obama supported Sanders and campaigned with him in Vermont.
Sanders was against the nomination of Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court.
He outlined his issues with Gorsuch in an April 4, 2017 appearance on the Senate floor.
Sanders said he believed Gorsuch would support removing restrictions on campaign finance and would vote to overturn Roe v.
Wade.
A poll released in September 2015 showed that Sanders was leading Clinton in Iowa with 41% to Clinton's 40%.
In October 2015, polling showed Sanders and Clinton were tied in polls in both New Hampshire and Iowa.
In November 2015, a poll showed Sanders was increasing his numbers in New Hampshire, almost tied with Clinton.
Iyengar died in Pune, India from a heart attack caused by renal failure, aged 95.
On August 10, 2014, the day after the shooting of Michael Brown, an African-American 18-year-old, protests began in Ferguson, Missouri.
These happened for over two weeks.
Levente Lengyel (13 June 1933 – 18 August 2014) was a Hungarian chess player.
Lengyel gained the title of International Master in 1962 and became a Grandmaster in 1964.
The Puli is happiest when it has work to do.
Then this dog will show excellent intelligence, strength and ability to work with humans.
This satisfies their strong instinct to guard their herd.
A total of 20 teams will play in the league.
The top 17 sides from the 2013–14 season and the three promoted from the 2013–14 Football League Championship.
After the abdication of Napoleon in 1814, Louis Philippe returned to France.
King Louis XVIII gave him back his Orléans estates.
Arthur Hiller Penn (September 27, 1922 – September 28, 2010) was an American director and producer for movies and television.
He directed many movies that got high marks in the 1960s, such as The Chase and Bonnie and Clyde.
Hajo Meyer (12 August 1924 – 23 August 2014) was a German-Dutch physicist and Jewish political activist.
He was born in Bielefeld.
In 1938, Meyer escaped from Nazi Germany to the Netherlands alone, without his parents.
He went into hiding in 1943, but was arrested after a year and spent ten months in Auschwitz.
His parents, who were deported from Germany.
They did not survive.
Aladdin is a main character of Magi.
He is a “Magi, a special magician who chooses kings.
He is a strange boy who is a traveler and has a flute that has a djinn, or a genie that can be summoned upon blowing on it, along with a magical carpet which he can use to fly.
Morgiana is the heroine of Magi.
She is a part of Alibaba’s household, gaining some powers from the djinn Amon, which Alibaba has captured.
She is a former slave that was tortured, but saved by Alibaba and Aladdin.
In its simplest form, a battering ram is just a large, heavy log carried by several people and banged against an obstacle.
The ram damages the target if the big log hit the target again and again.
Later rams were covered in the log with an arrow-proof, fire-resistant canopy mounted on wheels.
Inside the canopy, the log was swung from chains or ropes.
In chess, zwischenzug (German for intermediate move) is a common tactic that occurs in almost every game: instead of countering a direct threat, which the opponent expects, a move is played which poses an even more devastating threat, often an attack against the queen or the king.
The opponent has to counter that threat first, and this will ideally change the situation to his disadvantage.
Francis E.
Stanley and his twin Freelan O.
Stanley were born on 1 June 1849 in Kingsfield, Maine.
Their parents were Solomon and Apphia (French) Stanley.
Solomon Stanley was both a farmer and a teacher.
He and his brother graduated from Farmington State Normal School in Farmington, Maine.
The school is now the University of Maine at Farmington.
Francis became a teacher, and taught at New Portland, Cape Elizabeth and Strong, Maine.
In 1870 he met and married Augusta May Walker, another teacher.
Together they had three children.
In 1875 he left teaching and moved to Auburn, Maine.
He became an artist and photographer opening a studio there.
He began to do more portrait photography and opened two more studios in Lewiston and Bridgton, Maine.
In the early 1880s he started experimenting with the new dry plate way of taking pictures.
Newell attended Harvard University in 1980, but dropped out 3 years later to work at Microsoft.
Lucasfilm and Disney have confirmed a second season.
Doug is an animated television program.
The program was created by Jim Jinkins.
It was produced by Nelvana.
The program is about the early adolescent life of its title character, Douglas Doug Funnie.
Doug, was 11-12 years old in the first 4 seasons of the series.
He was 13 years old in seasons 5 to 7.
The Welsh Parliament (), commonly shortened to Senedd, is the devolved parliament with the power to make devolved laws in Wales.
Between 1999 and 2020, it had the name National Assembly for Wales; commonly shortened to Welsh Assembly.
Bridgend (; , meaning Head of the Bridge on the Ogmore) is a town in Bridgend County Borough in Wales, west of Cardiff and east of Swansea.
The river crossed by the original bridge, which gave the town its name, is the River Ogmore, but the River Ewenny also passes to the south of the town.
Bapu (December 15, 1933 – August 31, 2014); (born Satthiraju Lakshmi Narayana); () was an Indian director.
He was known for his works in Telugu cinema and for his movies such as Hum Paanch, Mister Pellam, Pelli Pustakam, Seeta Kalyanam, and Sri Rama Rajyam.
This movie got positive reviews from the critics.
It made over $351 million worldwide.
It was released on July 29, 1994.
At the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, Stallone announced that he was aiming for a PG-13 rating for the movie.
Ladies' Code was in a car accident in the early morning hours of September 3, 2014 around 1 am.
The group was on their way back to Seoul after performing.
The driver, the group's manager, was speeding on a slippery road due to rain and lost control of the van.
The van lost a backwheel and collided with a guardrail.
Bandmate, Go Eun-bi, was killed instantly by the crash.
Other members, Ashley and Zuny, suffered minor injuries while member Sojung suffered major injuries, including a broken jaw.
There are 21 villages in the municipality.
Creevykeel Court Tomb is a court tomb in Ireland.
It is one of the best-preserved court tombs.
It is in the foothills of Tievebaun Mountain, close to the sea near Mullaghmore in County Sligo.
Grasshopper Club Zürich is a Swiss multisports club based in Zürich.
It is best known for its football team.
It is the most successful football club in the country.
Grasshopper won the most national championship titles (27) and Swiss Cups (19).
The ventricles are hollow spaces in the human brain.
They contain cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
There are four ventricles in a human brain.
She started working as a researcher for the Wiardi Beckman Foundation in 2001.
Azar thinks teaching grammar is a good way to teach a new language.
Students should start by learning about grammar, and that will help them learn all language skills — speaking, listening, writing, and reading.
After he went to a performance at the Hollywood Bowl, a famous outdoor theater in California, Myer created the Sidney Myer Music Bowl.
In 1929, Myer began to arrange free outdoor concerts by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, held at the Music Bowl.
These free concerts are still held today, and are very popular.
After graduating from Adelaide High School in 1918, he was unable to get money to pay for university.
He got a job cleaning floors at a jewelry store.
He was soon able to study at the University of Adelaide.
He was interested in medicine, but Kerr Grant, the physics professor, offered him a place in the Physics Department.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in 1921.
He is known for the co-discovery of deuterium, tritium, helium-3 and nuclear fusion and for the development of microwave radar.
ITV has two spin-off channels, ITV HD & ITV +1, which both launched in 2009.
ITV HD was originally available in 2006 for a while for some programming, but officially launched in 2009.
The National Convention was an assembly, meeting in France from September 21st, 1792 until October 26, 1795.
This was the third assembly of the French Revolution.
It came after the Legislative Assembly and founded the First Republic.
On 10 November 1982, Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev, the third General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) and the fifth leader of the Soviet Union, died aged 75 after suffering a heart attack.
In the first quarter of 2012, Ancestry had 1.87 million users.
According to Quantcast, as of April 2012, Ancestry.com reached a rough estimate of 8.3 – 8.4 million people in the US.
He has begin his school life at Islamic Educational College at Amman and study at St Edmund's School in UK, He has high school life at Eaglebrook School and Deerfield Academy in US.
Abdullah has attended the Edmund A Walsh School of Foreign Serive at Georgetown University in Washington DC, At 1987, He undertaking advanced study and research in International affairs, He return home to serve as assistant commander of the 17th Royal Tank Battalion in 1989, later being promoted to major.
Abdullah has attended a staff course at the British Staff College on 1990, And served the fallowing year in the Office of the Inspector General of the Jordanian Armed Forces as the Armored Corps representative.
He commanded a battalions in the 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment in 1992 and promoted colonel the fallowing year, commanding the 40th Brigade.
He met Raina Ai- Yassin on a marketing employee at Apple Inc in Amman, At a dinner organized by his sister Princess Aisha in January 1993, They are engaged two months later, And their marriage took place in June 1993.
Erik van der Wurff (9 July 1945 – 22 September 2014) was a Dutch pianist, composer, arranger, producer and conductor.
He worked on mostly the soundtracks and as a composer for many movies and television shows.
He was mainly worked between 1977 and 2003.
He also made acting appearances in two Dutch television shows in 1977 and 1980.
The Kanjar are a nomadic tribe or group of people of North India, Kashmir and Pakistan.
The Mirasi tribes are also probably related to them.
These people are also sometimes called by the names of Nath, Banchra and Gashtay.
In old times, most of the Kanjar people used to live in jungles or forests.
They used to hunt wild animals to eat and also keep some goats, cows and Water buffaloes for their meat and milk.
Many of them still live like nomads, moving from place to place but some have started to live in towns and cities.
Some of them are Hindu and Sikhs and some are Muslims.
They are mostly very poor people The subcastes of kashmir which are also known as (Kanjal) live in Central Kashmir.
Althouh they belong to poor category of people, but they still a diginified life in kashmir, their anceators used to make goods made up of wood.
Anarkali Bazaar or Anarkali Market is an old style market in Lahore, Pakistan.
gets back with Daniel and kisses.
He is a star in Iridium High.
He's smart, athletic, and very popular, but also very humble.
He is also the captain of the Sharks.In Season 2 get jealous about Jax but then gets back with Emma.
She is the ex-girlfriend of Daniel, and is also the most popular girl in Iridium High School.
Is an mean witch and the enemy of Emma.In Season 2 she is nicer cause shes dating Diego.
The new guy in Season 2,he is a wizard and likes Emma.
The new girl (S3),she is a kanay who simillar to a witch so wants revenge and kisses Daniel.
On July 5, 2013, Regin signed a 1-year deal with the New York Islanders.
Figurative language is when a writer describes something by comparing it with something else.
It is writing that goes from the actual meaning of words at face value to get a special meaning.
The figurative meaning is different from the literal meaning.
For example, consider the sentence, When she heard the news, she was over the moon and jumped for joy.
The meaning is that she was very happy, but not flying above the Moon nor jumping up and down.
The first people to live in the area were the Gulidjan people.
They had lived in the grasslands around the lakes for at least 30,000 years.
The Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is a museum of modern art.
It is in Abando, Bilbao, Spain.
The museum was opened in 1997.
It is one of the several museums belonging to Solomon R.
Guggenheim foundation.
This museum was designed by the architect Frank Gehry.
There are no flat surfaces in this building.
The structure of the building is made of glass, titanium, and limestone.
The pyrimidine ring system occurs widely in nature.
At the northern end there are salt marshes which include a wetland of international importance.
This area is conserved as a natural park run by the local government.
Its Spanish name is .
The microbes that live in this coastal lagoon have been recently described.
The monasteries of San Millán de Suso (6th century) and San Millán de Yuso (11th century) are two monasteries in the village of San Millán de la Cogolla, La Rioja, Spain.
They were designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in December 1997.
Hunter Pence in 2008 with the Astros.
Hunter Pence in June 2012 with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Hunter Pence in 2013 with the San Francisco Giants.
In 1984, UNESCO declared the park a World Heritage Site under “Works of Antoni Gaudí.
Construction of the cathedral began in 1249.
It was built on the ruins of an early Spanish mosque.
It was damaged and rebuilt on numerous occasions during the following two centuries.
In the sixteenth century Andrés de Vandelvira built the biggest part of the Cathedral.
It was consecrated in 1724.
On July 12, 2004, he signed a contract with the Pittsburgh Penguins as an unrestricted free agent.
The building and the gardens are listed as a Spanish Property of Cultural Interest.
The Monastery of Santa Maria de Ripoll is a Benedictine monastery in the town of Ripoll in Catalonia, Spain.
It was built in the Romanesque style.
Much of the church was rebuilt in the 19th century.
The sculptured portico is a noted work of Romanesque art.
The Cathedral of Sigüenza () is a cathedral in Guadalajara, Spain.
It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 1931.
It is built in Romanesque and Gothic style.
The stealing the lone object activity is called “Chiang-Gu.
This is celebrated in Yi-Lan.
Competitors climb up a tall tower to reach a prize.
The game was banned for some time due to people falling and being injured or killed.
In 1991 the game was brought back.
On the local level he was a member of Harstad municipal council from 1967 to 1971.
From 1971 to 1975 he was a member of Troms county council.
He chaired the county party chapter from 1970 to 1973, and was a member of the national party board from 1970 to 1973 and 1985 to 1999.
To protect tree nuts and corn plants that are affected by A.
flavus treating the plants with the yeast Pichia anomala reduces the growth of A.
flavus.
Treating pistachio trees with P.
anomala inhibited the growth of A.
flavus up to 97% when compared to untreated trees.
The yeast successfully competes with A.
flavus for space and nutrients, ultimately limiting the growth of A.
flavus.
Before playing in the NHL, Hiller played 13 games for HC Lausanne and 3 seasons for HC Davos of the National League A (NLA).
Hiller also won Switzerland's championship in 2002, 2005 and 2007, as well as the Spengler Cup in 2004 and 2006 with HC Davos.
He was not drafted but he signed a contract with the Anaheim Ducks on May 25, 2007.
Sylvain Viau is a Canadian producer, executive producer, founder and head of Image Entertainment Corporation.
His title is Chief Executive Officer and President.
He is the co-creator of the Walter and Tandoori cartoon series.
Viau lives in Montreal, Quebec.
The developers said that the AI was the hardest thing to create in the game.
The SHSAT has both English and math questions.
Both sections is made up of multiple-choice questions.
It is recommended that students spend more than 75 minutes on each section, but students can use the time in any way you wish.
There is no break in between the sections.
The exam happens only once a year.
Calculators cannot be used in the test.
By 1864, the Confederacy knew they could not defeat the stronger Union army.
But they could win the war by simply not losing to the North.
They would keep fighting until the Union got tired of war and asked for peace.
Lee had to defend Richmond and keep the Union army away.
Johnson had to defend Atlanta and keep their supply lines open.
It is completely covered in green, except with the black, orange, and red stripes at the right-hand corner.
It has a golden eagle on top of the multi colored stripes.
It has a ratio of 2:3.
Bridegroom (full title: Bridegroom: A Love Story, Unequaled) is a 2013 American documentary movie.
The movie is about two gay men.
It was directed and produced by Linda Bloodworth-Thomason.
Bridegroom premiered at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival on April 23, 2013.
The movie gained a lot of press coverage.
This was because former president Bill Clinton introduced the movie at the festival.
A woman falls in love with the man who accidentally killed her father.Then the woman felt shy and pained.She decided that she will leave him.
But the boy come to her again and again and said that he didn't kill her father.But the woman didn't love him.
She started a job and living alone.
José died at the age of 27 of smallpox.
Upon José's death, his younger brother Infante John became heir-apparent to the throne and thus the new Prince of Brazil.
José died on the Ajuda Royal Complex in Lisbon.
His mother and wife were very badly affected by his death.
His wife would be known as the Dowager Princess of Brazil till her death in 1829.
The Frugal Gourmet ran on PBS from 1983 to 1997.
It was PBS's most popular cooking show.
Smith always wore a blue and white striped apron that became his trademark.
In 1989, during the Three Ancient Cuisines run, Smith was joined by Craig Wollam, a professionally trained Chef.
Smith met Wollam by accident in a Chicago restaurant and he was hired the next day.
He stayed until the show was cancelled in 1997.
Foraging takes place at night.
Swarms of wasps explosively leave the nest, then quickly return only to leave again in a similar fashion.
As the night progresses there are moderate to heavy levels of return and departures by smaller groups of wasps.
The foraging patterns of Apoica pallens depends on the moon’s cycle: when the moon is new, it forages during the first four hours after sunset, with another small peak of activity just before dawn as wasps return to the nest.
When the moon is waxing, it extends the hours of forage until individuals are out all night long.
Apoica pallens collects various arthropods including flies, caterpillars, and beetles.
It also collects pollen and nectar from banana blossoms.
This species practices brood cannibalism: the adults will eat some of the brood if their own nutritional needs are not met.
Generally, several adults will divide up a single larva.
In addition, adults will exchange food via trophallaxis.
The key works of Schwann and Schleiden were published in 1838 and 1839.
On 11 November 2011, Iommi, Butler, Osbourne, and Ward announced that they were reuniting to record a new album with producer Rick Rubin and to start touring in 2012.
In February 2012, however, Ward left before work commenced on 13.
Ward said that he had failed to reach an agreement regarding his contract.
Pearl Harbor is a 2001 American epic war movie.
The movie also has romance and action elements in it.
It was directed by Michael Bay and was produced by Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer.
Pearl Harbor was released on May 25, 2001.
The movie is based on the attack on Pearl Harbor.
There are 4 arrondissements in the Nièvre department.
The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into arrondissements, which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs).
The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.
The Boorowa River is in New South Wales, Australia.
It is a perennial stream.
The Derwent is a river in Tasmania, Australia.
It was named after the River Derwent, Cumbria, by British Commodore John Hayes who explored it in 1793.
Mr.
Deeds is a 2002 American comedy movie.
It was directed by Steven Brill and was produced by Sid Ganis and Jack Giarraputo. Mr.
Deeds was released on June 28, 2002.
The movie is a remake of the 1936 Frank Capra movie Mr.
Deeds Goes to Town.
As a result of Brazil´s decision, from the end of January to July 1942, German navy U-boats sank 13 Brazilian merchant ships, causing severe damage to Brazilian shipping.
In total, 21 German and two Italian submarines caused the sinking of 36 Brazilian merchant ships causing 1,691 drownings and 1,079 other casualties.
The sinkings were the main reason that led the Brazilian government to declare war against the Axis.
Finally, Vargas declared war on both Germany and Italy on August 22 1942.
It is known that 9 U-Boats were sunk off the Brazilian Coast over the course of the war.
The eruptions of this mountain have been recorded many times in history.
The Great Taisho (大正) eruption in 1914 connected this island to a peninsula.
58 people were killed and 112 people were injured.
These days, we can see a lot of eruptions.
This species is blue-green to green in color.
It often grows to about .
Circus is a pop single from Britney Spears.
It is about putting on shows and being an entertainer.
The song was released from her album of the same name.
It was released on December 2, 2008.
In the early 1990s, acid house artists and producers started using breakbeat samples in their music to create breakbeat hardcore.
This was also calledrave music.
The hardcore scene then diverged into sub-genres like jungle and drum and bass, which generally had a darker sound and focused more on complex sampled drum patterns.
An example of this is Goldie's album Timeless.
Oswald has a wide body of work.
Her work includes concert music for chamber ensembles, chamber orchestras, full orchestras, and single instruments of many kinds.
Stoas are unique to Ancient Greek architecture.
They were covered walkways or porticos, mainly for public use.
Early stoas were open at the entrance with columns, usually of the Doric order, lining the side of the building.
They were well suited for the mild climate of Greece.
Formosans can be trained as hunting dogs, guard dogs, rescue dogs, or simply as companions.
Formosan dogs can make good family pets but still have a strong hunting instinct.
Tievebaun Mountain is the third highest mountain in the Dartry Mountains range.
There will be multiple educational and recreational attractions for residents and visitors of all ages in The KAFD.
KAFD will feature museums, exhibitions, malls, hotels, restaurants, conference centers and auditoriums.
Such as, the Aquarium, the Conference Center, the Built Environment Museum, the Earth's Climate Center, the Science Museum, the Relaxation Health Club, and the Interactive Children's Museum.
Also, there will be seven uniquely designed mosques spread throughout the KAFD.
Also, every building will have footbridges that will connect one building to another.
That will make traveling through buildings easy.
The King Abdullah Financial District will span an area of 1.6 million square meters that consists of 34 towers in total.
The KAFD will cover over 3 million square meters of space for different purposes such as residential, parking, and office spaces.
KAFD will house 12,000 residents and in addition, it will have 62,000 parking spaces.
The King Abdullah Financial District will have the headquarters of the Capital Market Authority (CMA) and the Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadwul).
The Davis Cup is an annual tennis tournament.
Countries from around the world compete against each other in teams.
The palace was commissioned by Duke of Berwick.
He was also Duke of Liria.
Willem Elsschot (7 May 1882 - 31 May 1960), was a Belgian writer and poet.
His real name was Alphonsus Josephus de Ridder.
He was born in Antwerp.
His parents ran a bakery.
His real name was Andreas Ernestus Josephus Claes.
He was born to Petrus Josephus Claes and Maria Theresia Lemmens.
His parents were farmers and they had nine children.
He was a good student and studied at the Catholic University of Leuven.
For some of his works he used the pseudonym, G.
van Hasselt.
In August 1872, Nechayev was arrested in Zurich and handed over to the Russian police.
He was found guilty on 8 January 1873, and sentenced to 20 years of hard labor for killing Ivanov.
Johan Daisne (2 September 1912, Ghent – 9 August 1978, Ghent), was a of Flemish author.
His real name was Herman Thiery.
His father, Leo Thiery, was the founder of the School Museum in Ghent.
He studied Economics and Slavic languages at the Ghent University.
Later he became chief librarian of Ghent.
In 1644, he entered and conquered Beijing.He enthroned in Beijing and became the Emperor of the Shun Dynasty.His dynasty didn't last a long time.
In May 27 the same year, Manchu regent Dorgon defeated Uprising leader Li Zicheng of the Shun Dynasty at the Battle of Shanhai Pass, allowing the Manchus to enter and conquer Beijing.
Li died in 1645, aged 39.
Hubert Leon Lampo (1 September 1920, Antwerp – 12 July 2006, Essen) was a Flemish writer.
His father worked at the post office and his mother was a teacher.
In 1938 he became himself a teacher.
Later he became national inspector of the Flemish libraries.
He is the father of Jan Lampo.
The word crate comes from the word: .
Gila made his debut as vignettist in 1945.
He become famous as a monologuist in 1951.
Most of his repertory was about war histories.
Gila's most known catchphrase was: Está el enemigo?, que se ponga [al teléfono] (Are the enemy there?, take him at phone).
Subah Khan Tanoli’s elders held out in fortified mountain villages during Emperor Aurangzeb’s rule.
When Ahmad Shah Abdali announced his plans to invade Hindustan, he found in Subah Khan a young warrior who was keen to join his army with his clansmen.
Stories of Subah Khan’s adventures and valour in the Battle of Mathura, fought between Ahmad Shah Abdali and the Hindu Jats in 1757, live on through folklore in the villages of Tanawal.
A centuries-old zamburak (swivel gun) used by Subah Khan Tanoli’s clansmen while fighting alongside Ahmad Shah Abdali at Mathura in 1757.
The town of Bir was founded by Subah Khan after he returned from Abdali’s India campaigns.
The Indus at Amb-Darband, the now-submerged capital of the state of Amb.
Saint Nicholas Day is the feast day of Saint Nicholas.
It is on December 6 (December 19 in most Orthodox countries).
It is a festival for children in many countries around Europe related to surviving legends of Saint Nicholas.
The American Santa Claus, as well as the British Father Christmas, are based on these legends.
Santa Claus is based in part from the Dutch Sinterklaas.
You should clean your body before you pray.
Chozuya is cleaning your body.
He graduated from the Catholic minor Seminary in Roeselare.
He met the writer Pol de Mont at the Catholic University of Leuven.
Shared garden space or community gardens provide a sense of working together.
People, especially children, learn stewardship (planning and managing resources).
Kids learn responsiblity and work ethics.
They are also eager to try new foods when they see them grown in their own gardens.
In some countries, gardens are grown on rooftops or on pavement.
In some places land around public schools is made available for gardens.
This benefits the school by providing food for school lunches.
It also allows children to learn about growing their own food.
White, emerald green and brown are the most common colors.
They came from jars, plain bottles and beer bottles thrown into the water.
Olive green, cobalt blue, aqua and amber are harder to find.
They came from medicine bottles, soda bottles and cosmetic jars.
The rarest colors are red, orange and yellow.
They were originally items such as fine china, streetlamps and even ship lanterns.
Many colors are unique to certain periods of history.
Small bubbles in the glass help to identify the original glass item.
On 27 May, at BBC's Biggest Weekend, Rita Ora, Avicii's most recent collaborator, paid tribute to the late DJ, describing him as a really good friend who changed [her] life.
A similar tribute was also paid by Ora during King's Day and Capital's Summertime Ball.
The 2018 edition of Tomorrowland saw several tributes to Avicii from Axwell Λ Ingrosso, Don Diablo, Nicky Romero, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Zedd and Kygo, the latter mentioning that Avicii was his big influence in EDM.
All DJs honoured his memory by playing his music in their sets during the festival which Michael Thivaios (Like Mike) described as Avicii's home.
Thivaios continued calling Avicii one of [his] best friends and a great inspiration.
In addition many other artists including Eric Prydz, Imagine Dragons, Calvin Harris, and Zedd also paid tribute to Avicii on Twitter.
On 22 April 2018, American band OneRepublic payed tribute to Avicii by performing his hit single Wake Me Up during their show in Mumbai.
It has been there since 967 AD.
It has a high street with lots of coffee shops, such as Cafe Nero, Costa, and Caffe Italia.
West Bridgford has a lot of independent cafes and supermarkets such as ASDA, Marks and Spencers and The Co-operative.
The award consists of 100,000 Taka, an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas.
It also includes a certificate of honour.
The medal was designed by the artist Nitun Kundu.
One year after the events of the first movie, Julie James and George Bronson are attending summer classes in Boston, to avoid returning to their hometown of Southport, North Carolina.
She suffers from memories and nightmares of the accident and brutal murders of her friends by the vengeful fisherman, Ben Willis, from the summer before.
After a bad series of events at her first day of school, Joy and Sadness get sucked out of Headquarters, where the 5 emotions work.
The rest of the movie consists of the other 3 emotions trying to compensate for Joy's absence but failing to.
In 1994, he received the Grand Prize of the Salón del Cómic de Barcelona.
In 2001 he received the Medalla de Oro al Mérito en las Bellas Artes (Gold Medal for Contributions to the Fine Arts).
He received the Premios Notario del Humor 2008 from the University of Alicante.
The base for the right to housing in international law can be found in Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The declaration recognises the right as part of the right to an adequate standard of living.
Liquid nitrogen is nitrogen at a very low temperature.
It is usually produced by a process known as fractional distillation of air.
At atmospheric pressure (normal pressure) nitrogen boils at −196 °C (77 K; −321 °F).
Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB), also known as diffuse Lewy body disease, cortical Lewy body disease, and senile dementia of Lewy type, is a type of dementia accompanied by changes in sleep, behavior, cognition, movement, and automatic bodily functions.
It is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies, parts of alpha-synuclein and ubiquitin protein in neurons, detectable in post mortem brain histology.
However, Rye, originally a subsidiary of New Romney, changed to become one of the Cinque Ports, after New Romney was damaged by storms and silted up.
Romney is now a mile from the sea, separated from it by Dungeness, which is a large pebble beach.
Surya Bahadur Thapa ( March 21, 1928 – April 15, 2015) was a Nepalese politician.
He has served as the Prime Minister of Nepal for five terms, under three different kings, in a political career lasting more than 50 years.
His terms were 1963-64, 1965–69, 1979–83, 1997–98 and 2003-04.
Penguins of Madagascar is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated spy action comedy movie by DreamWorks Animation.
It's based on the animated series of the same name, serving as a prequel to the show and as a spin-off of the Madagascar franchise.
Tom McGrath reprises his role of Skipper from both the show and the movies while Chris Miller and Christopher Knights reprises their roles of Kovalski and Private from the movies with Conrad Vernon replacing John DiMaggio as Rico.
John Malkovich and Benedict Cumberbatch join them voicing new characters.
Historically, the Cerkno Hills region was part of the Tolmin County.
In the 16th century, the area came under the rule of the House of Habsburg.
After the end of World War I, the area was occupied by the Italian Army, and then officially annexed to Italy in 1920.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars is a 2008 feature length computer animated science fiction movie.
It has the same title as the by Lucasfilm and Lucasfilm Animation and released by 20th Century Fox.
The movie takes place as the start of the television series.
It was released in August 2008.
The earliest European settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s.
They farmed the area with wheat and sheep mostly.
The town soon grew into an important grain storage and loading point.
A jetty was built in 1874.
It was the second jetty built on the Eyre Peninsula.
This provided a much needed outlet for the copper ore which was coming from the Burrowing Mine.
The original jetty was taken down in 1999 due to safety concerns.
The newer jetty is still in use.
In 2005, Mohammed Bouyeri was charged with the premeditated murder of Van Gogh, the attempted murder of several police officers and bystanders, illegal possession of firearms, obstructing the work of Hirsi Ali as a member of parliament and threatening her with a terrorist act.
A life sentence carries no possibility of parole in the Netherlands, but convicts can be released after receiving a royal pardon.
David Ian Hewlett (18 April 1968) He is an English-Canadian actor, writer and director.
He is best known for his role as Dr.
Meredith Rodney McKay on the science fiction TV shows Stargate SG-1, Stargate Atlantis and Stargate Universe.
Knight was born in Compton, California.
They may have been a companion of Cro-Magnon man.
Pictographs of a similar looking dog were found at Lascaux.
They are an ancient and intelligent breed and the Phrenean Shepherd is one of the oldest existing dog breeds.
They have been used since the middle ages to help with livestock.
Elemér Hankiss (4 May 1928 – 10 January 2015) was a Hungarian sociologist.
He taught at universities such as Stanford University and Central European University.
He also wrote over ten books.
From 1990 until 1993, he was the President of Hungarian Television.
Michelle Ryan (born 22 April 1984) is an English actress.
She is known for portraying the role of Zoe Slater on the BBC soap opera EastEnders (2000–2005).
The Rame Peninsula is a peninsula in southeast Cornwall, England, in the United Kingdom.
The peninsula is surrounded by the English Channel to the south.
Plymouth Sound is to the east.
The estuary of the River Lynher lies to the north.
The largest settlement is Torpoint.
It is on the eastern coast, facing Devonport in Plymouth, Devon.
Most kestrels form a distinct clade among the falcons, as suggested by comparison of mtDNA cytochrome b sequence data and morphology.
This clade diverged from other Falco around the Miocene to Pliocene about 7–3.5 million years ago (mya).
The most basal true kestrels are three species from Africa and its surroundings.
Several kinds of cytochrome exist and can be distinguished by spectroscopy.
Three types of cytochrome are distinguished by their prosthetic groups.
Chan was born in Sydney, New South Wales on 12 January 1984.
He was the son of Cantonese-speaking Chinese immigrants.
He was convicted in Indonesia for drug trafficking as a member of the Bali Nine.
In 2005, he was arrested at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali.
Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were believed to have arranged the heroin smuggling operation.
After a criminal trial on 14 February 2006, Chan was sentenced to execution by firing squad.
While in prison, Chan converted to Christianity.
Sui iuris is a Latin phrase that is used in law.
Sometimes, the phrase is also spelled sui juris.
It literally means of its own right.
It is used to say that the legal status of an institution or entity is not comparable to anything else, and there are special laws that say how this institution or entity should work.
An example use is in Canon law: The Roman Catholic church say that certain churches are sui iuris.
That way the Eastern Catholic churches have their own government, and laws.
Despite this, these churches still recognize the Pope of Rome as their spiritual leader.
Another explanation is from number theory: The integers are arranged in such a way that even numbers are followed by odd ones, and odd ones by even ones.
Zero is preceded by minus one, and followed by one.
Both numbers are odd.
So it must be even.
Lateral inhibition cannot explain White's illusion.
In Figure 2.1 lateral inhibition sent by black cells A and C should make cell O lighter; in Figure 2.2 lateral inhibition sent by white cells A and C should make cell O darker.
In September 2005, a cat named Brumas roamed away from his owners in Launceston, Cornwall.
When he came back after a short time, his fur was coloured pink.
No one ever figured out the cause of the colour change.
Brumas was taken to the RSPCA to be tested.
He did not have any toxins.
Russian writer Lena Lenia had dyed a Kitten pink in early 2015, which meant led to the confusion that they thought that Kitten died from being dyed pink, and then the kitten was okay from the owner having that kitten still.
It is hazardous.
It is dangerous to inhale, and can cause fires.
Because of this, white spirit (mineral turps) or other substitutes are often used.
GLaDstone boasts of great fortune that, look not inherited from the mother, and often in the stories of Italian production comes out with his cousin Donald Duck to annoy,for example the DoubleDuck saga.
Not many mammals have spurs.
With a population of 44,985, Chalon-sur-Saône has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The book is set in Victorian England.
Dolittle lives in the English village of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh in the West Country.
He has many friends, like Tommy Stubbins and Matthew Mugg, the Cats'-Meat Man.
His house is filled with animals.
He owns a parrot called Polynesia, a pig called Gub-Gub, a dog called Jip, a duck called Dab-Dab, a monkey called Chee-Chee, an owl called Too-Too, and a white mouse named Whitey.
He also owns a gazelle-unicorn cross called pushmi-pullyu (push-me—pull-you) that has two heads, one at the back and one at the front of the body.
Jensen Ross Ackles (born March 1, 1978) is an American television actor.
He is best known for his role as Dean Winchester in the television series Supernatural (2005–present).
He has also appeared in other television shows such as Days of Our Lives, Dark Angel and Smallville.
The Pistol Star was discovered by the Hubble Space Telescope in the early 1990s.
Early reports suggested that it might be the most luminous star known, being almost 100 million times as luminous as the Sun.
An abscess is usually caused by a bacterial infection.
Often many different types of bacteria can be part of a single infection.
In the United States and many other areas of the world the most common bacteria present is MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus).
Rarely parasites can cause abscesses and this is more common in the developing world.
Diagnosis of a skin abscess is usually made based on what it looks like and is proved by cutting it open.
Ultrasound imaging may be useful in cases in which the diagnosis is not clear.
In abscesses around the anus, computer tomography (CT) may be important to look for deeper infection.
Treatment for most skin or soft tissue abscesses is to cut it open and drain out the pus.
Antibiotics are usually not needed for healthy people.
New studies have found that it is better to close the wound after draining, instead of packing it with gauze.
This can speed healing and not increase risk of the abscess returning.
Sometimes simply sucking out the pus with a needle is not enough.
Internal abscesses are more difficult to find.
The abscess can be painful, and a person will have a high temperature, and generally feel unwell.
Abscesses are caused by bacterial infection, parasites, or foreign substances.
The colors of the cars are green and orange.
It looks similar to the Takasaki line.
Kairshasp Nariman Choksy, PC, MP (7 February 1933 – 5 February 2015) (known as K.
N.
Choksy) was a Sri Lankan lawyer and politician.
He was a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
The city is served by the Emporia Municipal Airport.
Random Hearts is a 1999 American romantic drama movie.
It was directed by Sydney Pollack and was produced by Martin Jurow and Marykay Powell.
Random Hearts was released on October 8, 1999.
The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Warren Adler.
It is owned by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The LIRR is one of two commuter rail systems owned by the MTA.
The MTA also runs the Metro-North Railroad to New York's Hudson Valley and to Connecticut.
Smerconish had worked for the campaigns of Republicans in the past.
He had voted Republican.
In 2008, he said he would vote for the Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama.
He made this announcement on MSNBC's Hardball with Chris Matthews.
On August 20, 2009, Smerconish became the first talk radio host to broadcast live from the Obama White House.
That show which included an interview with the President.
The interview was held in the Diplomatic Reception Room.
That is where President Franklin D.
Roosevelt's fireside chats were held.
The President took questions from Smerconish and his listeners on a variety of subjects.
One subject was the recent debates on the pending Healthcare Reform Bill.
Smerconish has interviewed Obama six other times.
Suppose a database administrator wanted to know what employee worked in what department.
While someone could just compare the ID numbers between the two tables, a way to have the information in one place is by doing a JOIN, also known as an INNER JOIN.
Because they have one type of data in common, the department ID, the tables can be joined together.
This command is run, which joins the two tables together on a left join.
This command is run, which joins the two tables together on a right join.
Castorocauda is important because the first find was an almost complete skeleton (a real luxury in paleontology).
It breaks the small nocturnal insectivore stereotype.
Her first job was appearing on the cover of Elle in Brazil.
She also did a Guess campaign.
The institute's library was called Biblioteca Pública Martí-Lincoln.
Most of the books were given by the government of the United States and individual Americans.
Popular American magazines were also in the library.
Argelès-Gazost has a population, in 2014, of 3,020, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Bagnères-de-Bigorre has a population, in 2014, of 7,602, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Haro was born in Miami.
He went to a performing arts high school.
He attended Florida State University.
He left there after his sophomore year to move to New York City for an acting career.
Pedro Pony is one Peppa’s best friends.
Throughout the show, there are hints that they could have a crush on each other.
In The Playgroup Peppa kissed him at the end.
Discrete in science is the opposite of continuous: something that is separate; distinct; individual.
The Third Dynasty ruled from 2686 to 2613 BC.
The Fourth Dynasty ruled from 2613 to 2498 BC.
It included the pharaohs who had the Great Pyramids built, Khufu (Cheops), Khafra (Chephren) and Menkaura (Mycerinus).
The Fifth Dynasty ruled from 2498 to 2345 BC.
The Sixth Dynasty ruled from 2345 to 2181 BC.
The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties ruled from c.
2181 to c.
2160 BC.
Many of the kings only ruled for a short time from Memphis, with Egypt divided into competing regions.
The Twelfth Dynasty ruled from 1991 to 1802 BC.
It is considered by later Egyptians to have been their greatest dynasty.
The Sixteenth Dynasty was a native Theban dynasty.
It began during the collapse of the Memphis-based 13th dynasty c.
1650 BC and finally conquered by the Hyksos 15th dynasty c.
1580 BC.
The 16th dynasty only ruled over Upper-Egypt.
Nubians invaded Lower Egypt and took the throne of Egypt under Piye although they already controlled Thebes and Upper Egypt in the early years of Piye's reign.
Piye's conquest of Lower Egypt established the Twenty-fifth Dynasty which ruled until 656 BC.
Mercouri, Melina.
World Book Advanced, World Book, 2018.
World Book, Inc.
May 4, 2018.
The law of the excluded middle is a simple rule of logic.
It states that for any proposition, there is no middle ground.
Every proposition is either true or false.
For example, Ginger is a cat says the fact that Ginger is a cat.
If it is true, then its opposite cannot also be true.
If Ginger is a cat, then Ginger is not something else.
The Gave de Pau receives its main tributary, the Gave d'Oloron, in Peyrehorade and, from there, it is named as Gaves Réunis (United Gaves).
Finally, it flows, as a left tributary, into the river Adour in the Landes department, at about of altitude.
Interjet was a low-cost airline based in Mexico begun in 2005.
Mexico City International Airport is Interjet's hub.
Interjet mainly flies Airbus A320 and Sukhoi Superjet airplanes from Mexico to the USA, Central America and South America.
Black Sabbath is a song by the English heavy metal band Black Sabbath, written in 1969 and released on their self-titled first album.
In 1970, the song appeared as an A-side on a four-track 12-inch single, with The Wizard also on the A-side and Evil Woman and Sleeping Village on the B-side, on the Philips Records label Vertigo.
In Japan and the Philippines, a 7-inch single on the Philips label was released with Evil Woman, Don't Play Your Games with Me on the A-side and Black Sabbath on the B-side.
They put their beak slightly open between the scales of conifer cones.
Then they close their beaks and the tips push the scales apart.
This lets them get at the seed (usually two seeds per scale).
The point is that, as cones mature, they tend to open when dry and close when wet.
George Washington (first U.S.
President) and Henry Knox (first U.S.
Secretary of War) proposed the cultural transformation of Native Americans.
Washington believed that Native Americans were equals of white people, but that their society was not as good.
He came up with a policy to civilize them, and Thomas Jefferson continued it.
Washington's plan included impartial justice toward Indians; regulated buying of Indian lands; promotion of experiments to civilize or improve Indian society; and punishing those who violated Indian rights.
The palace was originally built in 1612 by Marie de' Medici on lands she owned.
The design was based on buildings from her native Florence.
The building is often compared to the far larger Palazzo Pitti where Queen Marie was born in 1575.
In 1642, Marie left the Luxembourg to her second and favourite son, Gaston, Duke of Orléans.
He called it the Palais d'Orléans but it was still known by its original name.
Upon Gaston's death, the palace passed to his widow, Marguerite of Lorraine.
Then it passed to his elder daughter by his first marriage, La Grande Mademoiselle.
In 1660, Anne de Montpensier sold the Luxembourg to her younger half-sister, Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans, Duchess of Guise.
The Duchess, in turn, gave it to her cousin, king Louis XIV, in 1694.
In 1717 Philippe, Duke of Orléans, Regent of France gave the palace to his favourite daughter the Duchess of Berry.
The building became infamous for the duchess's parties and sexual activities.
She also hosted Peter the great there in 1717.
The pregnancies of the young widow make scandal.
At the end of March 1719, a new confinement badly prepared by her excesses, goes very badly.
On the verge of death, she begs for extreme unction, which the church refuses her.
On April 2, she is delivered of a stillborn child.
Disgraced by the rumors of this birth, which all Paris talks about, the princess does not recover and dies in July at the castle of La Muette.
At the autopsy, the doctors find her pregnant once again.
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent agency of the United States government.
It was created by the United States Congress (Communications Act of 1934) to regulate communications.
This includes radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S.
territories.
While it is an independent agency, the FCC does report to Congress.
The FCC took over wire communication regulation from the Interstate Commerce Commission in 1934.
Most species of the genus Clostridium are saprophytic organisms found in many places, most notably the soil.
However, the genus does contain some human pathogens.
The Ruhr is a river in western Germany.
It flows into the Rhine River.
With a population of 20,485, Dax has a population density of inhabitants/km.
A yacht (pronounced yot) is a type of boat which is mainly used for recreation.
It usually has a cabin, so it does not need to return to the harbour overnight.
Originally, yachts were sailing-boats, but now there are also motor yachts.
The name comes from the Dutch word jachtschip, which originally meant hunting-boat or fast boat.
Yachts have a fixed keel.
Assistant Commissioner of Police Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), a no-nonsense cop, is called onto the case.
Dixit seeks the help of a local bike dealer/racer named Ali Akbar Fateh Khan (Uday Chopra) and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails.
Kabir (John Abraham), the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit, claiming that Dixit can't catch him even if he is right in front of him.
He is proven correct, and Dixit's failure apparently causes him to part ways with Ali.
Kabir then lures Ali into his gang as a substitute for Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Dixit.
Ali falls in love with Sheena (Esha Deol), another gang member.
The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before disbanding forever.
Kabir sets his eyes on the largest casino in all of India.
Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but they soon realize that Dixit has led them right into a trap.
It is revealed that Ali was working for Dixit the whole time, and a fight ensues.
Moraxella is a genus of bacteria.
It is named after Victor Morax, a Swiss eye specialist (ophthalmologist).
They are gram-negative.
However, on May 20th, 2013, the Constitutional Court of Guatemala decided that the decision was wrong and changed the decision.
It ordered the trial to start again, because of a disagreement over the judges.
Officials said that Ríos Montt's trial will start again in January 2015.
Kirsten Miller was born in 1973 in North Carolina.
At age 17 she moved to New York City.
Kirsten lives there now.
Jeotgalicoccus halotolerans is a gram-positive bacterium.
Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus is a gram-positive bacterium.
Forgiveness is the choice that a person makes not to punish or try to get revenge against another person for something bad that the other person did or something that is illegal or immoral.
When someone forgives someone else, they stop hating that person.
They wish their offender well.
I ask pardon of all creatures, may all creatures pardon me.
May I have friendship with all beings and enmity with none.
I seek forgiveness from all those living beings which I may have tortured while walking, coming and going, treading on living organism, seeds, green grass, dew drops, ant hills, moss, live water, live earth, spider web and others.
I seek forgiveness from all these living beings, be they — one sensed, two sensed, three sensed, four sensed or five sensed.
Which I may have kicked, covered with dust, rubbed with ground, collided with other, turned upside down, tormented, frightened, shifted from one place to another or killed and deprived them of their lives.
(By confessing) may I be absolved of all these sins.
Planomicrobium koreense is a species of bacteria.
It was first found by Jung-Hoon Yoon in Jeotgal, a salted fermented food made in Korean.
The North African Campaign was part of the Second World War.
It took place in North Africa from 10 June 1940 to 13 May 1943.
The campaign in North Africa included fighting in the Egyptian and Libyan Deserts (the Desert War), and in Morocco and Algeria (Operation Torch) and Tunisia (Tunisia Campaign).
Baron Bomburst is the main antagonist in the 1968 film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
He is a cruel king and a pirate who will stop at nothing to get his hands on the enchanted car.
In spite of being so cruel and tyrannical, it is clear that he is also incredibly childish, as shown by his selfish love of toys, his whiny nature, and his determination to get everything he wants.
Incidentally, the book Chitty Chitty Bang Bang was written by James Bond's creator Ian Fleming, and both films were produced by Albert R .
Broccoli.
On March 11, 2012, the series was renewed for a second season with production resuming that summer.
Production began on June 4, 2012 and ended in February 2013.
The series was planned to be renewed for a third season on March 12, 2013 at the Disney upfront.
It was officially confirmed on April 2, 2013.
Production started on July 8, 2013 and ended on January 24, 2014.
Planomicrobium chinense is a species of bacteria.
In 1795 they sold theory cognac in North America.
In 1840 Hennessy set up an agency in London for their products.
In 1868 they exported to Japan followed by China in 1872.
In 1992 Hennessy celebrated their 200th anniversary.
They chartered a sailing ship and named it the “Spirit of Hennessy.
The crash was a murder-suicide planned and acted out by 27-year old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz.
With a population of 17,748, Marmande has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 7,085, Nérac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Fabian Bredlow ( born 2 March 1995) is a football player from Germany.
He plays for F.
C.
Liefering, the second team of F.C.
Red Bull Salzburg, in the SKY GO Erste Liga (2nd level in Austrian football) as goalkeeper.
In 2008, Emirates notified the Sri Lankan Government that it would not renew its management contract, which then expired on 31 March 2008.
It claimed that the Sri Lankan Government was seeking greater control over the day-to-day management of the airline.
Emirates sold its 43.63% stake in the airline to the in a deal that was finalized in 2010, thus ending any affiliations the two airlines had with each other.
In 2008 when Emirates pulled out, the profit of SriLankan was Rs.
9.288 billion in that financial year.
From 2008 to 2015, when the government administration ran it, the loss for the seven years was Rs.
128.238 billion (US$875 million).
The group was discovered by Édouard Stephan in 1877 at Marseille Observatory.
If this illness is not treated it can prevent a woman from having children.
It can kill the unborn child and it can be very painful.
This disease can be treated and the infection can be cured.
PID is treated by a doctor with antibiotic medication.
It joins the Baïse on its left bank at Lavardac, at about of altitude.
Sleep deprivation is the condition of not having enough sleep.
The condition affects the brain and its cognitive function.
The condition can be either chronic or acute.
Paradoxically, sleep deprivation can be used to treat certain disorders, such as clinical depression.
Sleep deprivation has also been used as a form of torture.
Multiple factors can cause or contribute to sleep deprivation including poor sleep hygiene, lifestyle choices, work obligations, sleep disorders, and other medical conditions.
Sleep deficiency may be caused by other sleep disorders or medical conditions.
For example, sleep apnea, a breathing disorder that induces dozens of nightly awakenings, may hinder both sleep duration and quality.
Other medical or mental health problems, such as pain or general anxiety disorder, can interfere with the quality and quantity of sleep.
Vaginal discharge is the fluid coming out of the vagina.
It can be clear or different colors, white, yellow or green.
It can be different thicknesses.
Most of the time clear discharge is normal.
Clear discharge is part of the menstrual cycle.
Some discharge can be from an infection, sickness or disease.
The discharge from a yeast infection (Candiditis) is white and thick with lumps.
Discharge can be a result of an infection that you get while having sex, sexually transmitted disease.
The first semi-final took place on Tuesday, the 19th May 2015.
16 countries participated in this semi-final.
Those 16 countries plus Austria, France and Spain voted in this semi-final.
The rankings from each country's jury vote and public vote were combined and the ten best ranked countries qualified for the final.
The second semi-final took place on Thursday, the 21th May 2015.
17 countries participated in this semi-final.
Those countries plus Germany, Italy and the United Kingdom voted in this semi-final.
The rankings from each country's jury vote and public vote were combined and the ten best ranked countries qualified for the final.
Large areas of these forests are being logged at high rates.
Jean Germain (11 September 1947 - 7 April 2015) was a French socialist politician.
Germain was the president of l'Université de Tours from 1988 to 1993.
The marmosets are a group of New World monkeys.
As a youth, he played for NK Omladinac Vranjic and Adriatic Split.
He went to F.C.
Red Bull Salzburg in 2013.
He was also player of FC Liefering, the second team of Red Bull Salzburg.
His debut for Liefering was on 2 August 2013 in a 4-1 home win against ESV Parndorf For the first team he made his debut on 11 November 2014, in a 2-0 victory against Admira Wacker Mödling.
Borderlands 2 is a first-person shooter video game that was developed by Gearbox Software and published by 2K Games.
It is the sequel to the 2009 video game Borderlands.
The game follows the story of Vault Hunters on the planet Pandora, as one of four classes: Salvador The Gunzerker, Zer0 The Assassin, Maya The Siren or Axton The Commando.
Downloadable content was also released for the game, later being included in a Game of the Year edition.
A version for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One was released with .
As of March 25, 2015, the game has sold 12 million copies.
Zalman Shoval (, born 28 April 1930) is an Israeli politician and diplomat.
He is also active in Israel's economic life.
The winner this year was the International Football Club.
It was a football club of Curitiba, extinct since 1924.
Homo is the taxonomic genus that includes modern humans (Homo sapiens sapiens).
With a population of 3,151 (2014), Nontron has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It flows generally west through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region and the Dordogne department before flowing into the Gironde where it joins, in the north of the city of Bordeaux, the Garonne river to form the Gironde estuary, at about of altitude.
It flows generally southwest through the Haute-Vienne, Dordogne and Gironde departments before flowing into the Dordogne river in Libourne at about of altitude.
French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre talked about anguish in his book L'Être et le Néant (1943) (in English: Being and Nothingness) (1956).
At roughly the same time Homo sapiens arrived in Australia.
Their arrival in the Americas was much later, about 15,000 years ago.
All these earlier groups of modern man were hunter-gatherers.
The Avon River was important to the indigenous Gunai/Kurnai people.
At Knob Reserve, south of Stratford, is the Gunai/Kurnai Bataluk Cultural Trail.
This trail follows the paths used by the indigenous people of East Gippsland for 30,000 years.
Shineflug graduated from Northwestern University with a degree in mathematics.
Later, she was awarded an M.A.
(1986) and Graduate Certificate in Laban Movement Analysis from Columbia College, Chicago.
The Ontario Heritage Act is a law that was made on March 5, 1975.
It lets the Province of Ontario and cities protect important buildings and other places.
These places are called designated heritage properties.
The change also says that people who own important buildings must take care of them so that the buildings will not fall.
Stan Cornyn (July 8, 1933 – May 11, 2015) was an American record label executive.
He was the author of Exploding: The Highs, Hits, Hype, Heroes, and Hustlers of the Warner Music Group ().
He also wrote three privately published family genealogy books (all in the Library of Congress).
In September 2018, Uber introduced a new logo.
The connections allow each thing to collect and exchange data, and we can control them remotely or by setting rules or chains of actions.
IoT improves the ease of life of humans and their daily activities.
Experts estimate that the IoT will consist of almost 50 billion objects by 2020.
All-Russian Society of Philatelists was a national philatelic organisation in Soviet Russia established in 1923.
Later on, it was subsequently renamed and reorganised into the All-Union Society of Philatelists and the All-Union Society of Collectors.
There is a mission that happens every year called IMPACT.
Students from across Canada go to one city for a summer of missionary work.
They live together and work in teams at various parishes, where they lead faith studies and run retreats and special events.
IMPACT also has a weekly event called Cornerstone that involves skits, songs, testimonies, and Catholic teaching, a Courageous Catholic program that teaches people how to share their faith, and a monthly Summit event involving songs, prayers in front of the Eucharist, and confession.
Soviet Philatelic Association (SFA) was a business run by the Soviet Union authorities in the field of philately.
With a population of 31,722, Châtellerault has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 10,367, Parthenay has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 52,855, Narbonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Soviet Philatelist or Sovetskii Filatelist was a Soviet central philatelic magazine published in 1922–1932.
In 1925 and in 1928–1932, its name was changed to Soviet Collector or Sovetskii Kollektsioner.
He is 8.1 feet tall because Victor believed that it would be easier to make a human body if all the body parts were bigger.
In popular media and culture, he is shown with green skin.
In the novel, his skin is actually more of a yellow hue.
The green portrayal of the creature with electricity bolts in his neck came from Boris Karloff’s movie portrayal of the monster.
Socks was an adopted stray cat and the only pet of the Clintons during the first years of Clinton's presidency.
A picture of Socks was always on the children's White House website.
After Clinton left office, Socks went to live with Clinton's secretary, Betty Currie and her husband.
This was because Socks fought a lot with the Clinton family dog Buddy.
Socks never got along with the dog.
In June 2008, Socks was still living with Currie and her husband in Hollywood, Maryland, about 60 miles from Washington.
But Socks was losing weight and losing his fur.
In December 2008, Socks was again reported to be in failing health from cancer.
Socks was euthanized on February 20, 2009, in Hollywood, Maryland.
He had cancer in his jaw.
The image of the king would get energy from the sun, and Ramesses the Great could take his place next to Amun Ra and Ra-Horakhty.
Roman arch bridges were usually semicircular.
A number were also segmental arch bridges (such as Alconétar Bridge), meaning it has a curved arch that is less than a semicircle.
Such a segmental arch bridge allowed great amounts of flood water to pass under it.
This would prevent the bridge from being swept away during floods.
Also the bridge itself could be more lightweight.
Generally, Roman bridges had wedge-shaped primary arch stones (called voussoirs) of the same in size and shape.
The Romans built both single spans and lengthy multiple arch aqueducts.
Their bridges featured flood openings in the piers.
With a population of 75,701, Béziers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 35,200, Roanne has a population density of inhabitants/km, the highest density in the department.
The closest relatives of genets are the civets, linsangs, fossa, and mongooses.
Almost all species are in the genus Genetta.
The common genet, Genetta genetta, is the only viverrid living in Europe.
Other species live in Africa.
Fossils of the genus have been found from the Pliocene.
The papyrus is believed to have been written in the time of Ramesses II, during the middle of the New Kingdom, or the 19th Dynasty.
The beginning and ending of the list are lost.
There is no introduction, and the list stops after the 19th Dynasty.
It may have been written at any later time, from Ramesses II to as late as the 20th Dynasty.
If the vehicle is towing a trailer (in British English a caravan) the weight distribution of the trailer is critical.
If too much of the trailer's weight, called tongue weight, presses down on the vehicle's tow hitch (more than 15 percent) it can cause the vehicle to go out of control.
Too little tongue weight (less than 10 percent) can cause the trailer to sway from side to side.
this in turn can make the vehicle difficult or even impossible to control.
The shorter the wheelbase the more quickly these forces can cause a loss of control.
A longer wheelbase vehicle is generally more desirable for towing.
Each vehicle has a tow rating showing how much weight it can tow safely.
Upreti was born in Sindhupalchowk to a Hindu family.
He studied at universities in Nepal and India.
Absorption describes the movement of a drug from the dosage form to the site of action, usually the blood.
Once the drug is in the body, it enters many cells.
Cells are surrounded by a protective membrane made of lipid bilayer.
For this reason, only lipid soluble, (lipophillic) drugs can enter cells.
Sometimes the substance gets trapped within the lipids of waste products that need excreted, and leave the body without ever being absorbed.
For this reason, there must be a balance between lipophilicity and hydrophilicity of drug molecules.
All drugs that are absorbed from the small intestine are first transported to the liver by the hepatic portal vein, in many cases a large proportion of the drug is then metabolized immediately before the drug enters the systemic circulation.
This process is called first pass metabolism.
Some drugs undergo extensive first pass metabolism such that only about 10% of the administered dose enters the circulation: 10% bioavailability.
In the case of some drugs, the metabolism occurs within the gut before even reaching the liver.
This is how a drug or its metabolite is removed from the body.
Usually this occurs in the kidneys (urine), but can also take place in the biliary system (faeces), gastrointestinal tract (GIT), skin (sweat) and lungs (expired air).
Given its recent status as a state, the Yishuv actually had one of the most well-organized and well-armed military forces in the region.
This was under the control of the Haganah, a single state army that would become the Israeli Defense Force in late May 1948.
By mid-May, Israel had called up an army of 35,000.
As the war continued into July, that number rose to 65,000.
At the end of the war, Israel had successfully brought up and armed 96,441 men to fight against the Palestinians and Arab nations.
Israel had a developed strategic plan and a simple command system under the leadership of David Ben-Gurion, the minister of defense.
The principal objective for the Palestinians, as expressed by the Arab Higher Committee, was the creation of a single Arab state in Palestine.
The second part of the war began with the invasion of Egypt, Iraq, Transjordan, Lebanon, and Syria in May 1948.
Each invasion force entered Palestine on their nearest border.
Fighting in the West Bank and around Jerusalem dominated this phase of the war.
Jewish forces moved into Jerusalem to secure the western section of the city.
To shore up this position, Israeli forces also tried to take Latrun, a hill to the north of Jerusalem.
This proved unsuccessful.
In other areas, the Israelis found greater success.
Two Egyptian forces, one moving along the coast and the other across the Negev towards Jerusalem, were stopped.
The Iraqi force was pushed back.
Though Syrian and Lebanese forces made an advance into Israeli territories, Israelis made counter advances into Syrian and Lebanese territory.
Fighting was brought to an end by a UN truce on June 11.
The population of Sherborne parish was 9,523 in the 2011 census.
28.7% of the population is aged 65 or older.
The bazaar was built in Ottoman times by Mehmet the Conquerer.
It was grown by Suleiman the Magnificent.
The Grand Bazaar occupies .
There were hammams, inns, mosques and fountains in bazaar.
Winterset is a city in Madison County, Iowa, United States.
The population was 5,353 at the 2020 census.
It is the county seat of Madison County.
Historians argue about the dates of the First Dynasty which was part of the Early Bronze Age.
They use a number of different ways to decide on the dates for events in Egypt.
It began sometime between 3400 and 3000 BC.
In 2013 radiocarbon dating showed that Hor-Aha began ruling between 3218–3035 BC.
Once a year, thousands of Army and Air National Guard shooters (champion marksmanship teams from each state) compete against each other at the Winston P.
Wilson Rifle and Pistol Championships.
In the Missouri National Guard, the top twelve guardsmen selected to represent their state at the Winston P.
Wilson matches are awarded the Governor's Twelve Ribbon.
This is worn on dress uniforms.
Any guardsman who earns the award more than once wear Hawthorn Cluster Device(s) on top of the ribbon.
In addition, these guardsman are awarded the Governor's Twelve Tab for wear on the combat uniform.
Shallots are a type of onion.
They are a botanical variety of the species Allium cepa.
The shallot was previously classified as a separate species, A.
ascalonicum.
Human coronaviruses were discovered in the 1960's using two different methods.
E.C.
Kendall, Malcolm Bynoe, and David Tyrrel, working at the Common Cold Unit of the British Medical Research Council, collected a unique common cold virus B814 in 1961.
The virus could not be cultivated using the techniques which had successfully cultivated rhinoviruses, adenoviruses, and other known common cold viruses.
Eventually, this was solved.
The new cultivating method was introduced to the lab by Bertil Hoorn.
The isolated virus, when put into the noses of volunteers, caused a cold.
The virus was inactivated by ether which showed it had a lipid envelope.
The novel virus caused a cold in volunteers and, like B814, was inactivated by ether.
The release cycle has followed various schedules but currently aims at four releases per year.
Releases are delayed if the work of development and testing has not been completed.
Raj Reddy.
World of Computer Science.
Gale, 2006.
Biography in Context.
Web.
Dr Raj Reddy makes PCs talk the masses language.
Businessline.
21 Dec.
2004 eLibrary.
Web.
29 May.
2015.
The other female character who appears in several of the stories, and hence in some of the films, is Karamaneh, styled Kâramanèh.
This article describes the history of the geologic time scale.
The Wedding of Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland, and Sofia Hellqvist took place on 13 June 2015 at Slottskyrkan, Stockholm.
On 27 June 2014 the couple announced their engagement officially.
Adam Paul Nielson Hicks (born November 28, 1992) is an American actor, rapper, singer, and songwriter.
His first leading role was in How to Eat Fried Worms.
Hicks is best known for playing Luther in the Disney XD series Zeke and Luther.
He also played Wendell Wen Gifford in the film Lemonade Mouth.
Hicks had a recurring role in the second season of Jonas L.A.
as DZ.
Hicks also played Boz in the Disney XD Original Series Pair of Kings.
In beliefs of Slavic people, Leshy appears in forests.
He’s kind of a protector of the forest and everything that lives in it.
His natural form looks like a human but he can easily shapeshift into any plant or animal.
A Leshy has long hair and beard made of grass.
It can appear in human shape or can change in size from a tall tree to a single blade of grass.
Barack Obama, then a junior United States Senator from Illinois, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in Springfield, Illinois, on February 10, 2007.
On August 27, 2008, he was declared nominee of the Democratic Party for the 2008 presidential election.
He was the first African American in history to be nominated on a major party ticket.
In 1963 he traveled to Washington to attend the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
Maria Bashir (b.
1970) is a lawyer from Afghanistan.
She is the only woman to have the job of prosecutor in the country.
She has 15 years experience in the Afghan government.
During the time of the Taliban, she was not permitted to work.
Instead, she had an illegal school for girls in her house.
In 2006, after the time of the Taliban, she worked as Chief Prosecutor General of Herat Province.
In 2010, she had 87 cases; mostly about corruption and oppression of women.
Twine (also called baler twine) is a light string or strong thread made from two or more smaller strands or yarns twisted together.
More generally, the term can be applied to a cord.
It is often synonymous with string but is usually thicker.
Natural fibres used for making twine include cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, henequen, and coir.
A variety of synthetic fibres may also be used.
Twine is available in colors, plain or waxed.
Twine is as useful as duct tape in that it can be used for a wide variety of repairs.
Francia y Velasco believed that Paraquay should be self-sufficient.
During his reign, almost no goods were imported, and only yerba mate was exported.
Leaves and twigs of this herb, Ilex paraguariensis, are the basis of the drink called mate.
Azerbaijan Carpet Museum (formerly called the State Museum of Azerbaijan Carpet and Applied Art) displays Azerbaijani carpets and rugs.
The display shows various weaving techniques and materials from various periods.
It is named after Latif Karimov and has the largest collection of Azerbaijani carpets in the world.
Plans to move the collection to a new building have been in preparation since 2010 when Azerbaijani carpets were proclaimed a Masterpiece of Intangible Heritage by UNESCO.
The museum organizes public lectures, study courses on carpets and applied arts.
It has a book store selling books on Azerbaijani crafts and carpet art.
Guo Jianmei (Simplified Chinese: 郭建梅; Hanyu pinyin Guō Jiànméi; born October 1961) is a Chinese lawyer and human rights activist.
She is the head of an organization to help women with legal problems.
In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.
“Nirbhaya (In Hindi, it means the fearless one) was a 23-year-old physiotherapy student.
On December 16, 2012, she was raped on a bus in Delhi, India.
Because rape laws in India do not permit using a victim's name she was known only as Nirbhaya.
It is one of the many names the Indian media had given her.
In 2013, “Nirbhaya received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S.
Department of State, posthumously.
People often buy feature phones as they are cheaper than smartphones, especially in emerging markets.
In the past few years, however, phone makers have begun to make and sell cheap smartphones for sale in places where high-end smartphones are not popular.
The term production car had come into use by about 1917 in the United States.
The phrase was a shortened form of mass-produced car.
The phrase also meant the car was made in production, as opposed to a prototype.
The FIA Land Speed Records Commission has regulations for series-production cars attempting land speed records under its 2014 Appendix D - Regulations for Land Speed Record Attempts.
Series-production cars fall under rule D2.3.2.
It says that they must be: Category B: Series-production Automobiles in production at the time of the application for the Record Attempt and either homologated by the FIA, or for which an application for homologation has been made to the FIA or recognised by the ASN of the country in which they are manufactured for National Records.
The exact origin of the Maqil tribe is unknown.
They claimed for themselves a prestigious Banu Hashim descent from Jaafar ibn Abi Talib, son of Abu Talib and brother of Ali ibn Abi Talib.
Arabian genealogists categorized them as Hilalians.
Ibn Khaldun wrote that both of these versions are false, since the Banu Hashim lived in urban cities and were not nomadic nor ever wandered in desert wolds.
He added that the Maqil is a name only found in Yemen.
In 1958 he was the number 1 pick in the NBA draft by the Minneapolis Lakers.
The Lakers were struggling and on the verge of bankruptcy.
Baylor was just what they needed and he led the team to the 1959 NBA Finals.
On November 15, 1960 Baylor set a then NBA record.
He scored 71 points and 25 rebounds in one game.
This was while he was still on active duty with the United States Army.
He could only play with the Lakers on weekends.
Its population was 1,010,212 in 2009.
The total area of the city is .
São Gonçalo has a tropical Atlantic climate, with rainy summers and relatively dry winters.
The city has different temperatures at different times of the year.
They can be up to in summer and during winter.
Generally, the temperature is between the maximum of and minimum .
If we realise that birds are descendants of dinosaurs, and (say) cats are mammals, the we can understand the effects of their births.
A bird comes out of the shell ready-made.
After an initial feeding that's it as far as the parents are concerned.
On the other hand, cats have quite a long period when the mother looks after them.
They are initially almost helpless.
The role of play is very much another mammalian learning device.
On the other hand, birds do not learn to fly.
They fly when their anatomy is developed.
Stanowski started his National Hockey League career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1939.
In 1941, he was a member of the NHL All-Star Team.
He won four Stanley Cups with the Maple Leafs.
Stanowski was traded to the New York Rangers after the 1947-48 season.
He retired after the 1951 season.
Skate videos use this aggressive style of punk rock for their background music.
This played a big part in the coining of the term skate punk.
The Veterans' Affairs Committee had nine members when it was created.
It now has 17 members.
Colchester is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.
The population was 17,524 at the 2020 census.
The zip-wire has been used as a way to get around in some mountainous countries for over 2,000 years.
Since the 1700s they have been used in places like Europe, China and the Himalayas.
In the Australian outback, zip-lines were occasionally used for delivering food, cigarettes or tools.
They were useful for people working on the other side of an obstacle such as a gully or river.
Australian soldiers have used them to bring ammunition to forward positions during wars.
During World War II the United States discovered they were behind the Russians and the Germans in using parachutes to deploy soldiers quickly.
In setting up training the army decided to use drop towers with zip lines to simulate a parachute landing.
It was a success and has been used since that time to train airborne forces.
Costa Rica claims to be the birthplace of modern zip-line tours.
Graduate students, John Williams and Donald Perry were rock-climbers who were in Costa Rica studying botanical (plants) and entomological (insects) subjects.
They used their rock climbing equipment to climb trees.
When they used lines to get down or move to lower trees, other students did too.
Soon tours started in Costa Rica for entertainment.
Bill Nye said that Creation is bad for science.
Ken Ham then referred to several scientists who were young earth creationists.
Ham asked Nye how he could explain the laws of logic and physics in a naturalistic worldview.
Ham asked Nye for an example of something that could only have been invented from an evolutionary worldview.
He also showed the difference between what's called historical science and observational science.
Ham gave an example of biological adaptation.
He brought up Tiktaalik as an example of a scientific prediction.
He added, Mr.
Ham and his worldview does not have this capability.
Ham claimed the mainstream scientific community has made creationists afraid to speak out.
He went on to say they need scientific freedom to speak.
Greenfield subsequently announced that she would be suing for discrimination.
Vanda is widespread across East Asia, Southeast Asia, and New Guinea, with a few species extending into Queensland and some of the islands of the western Pacific.
The genus is sometimes abbreviated as V.
in the flower trade.
The 2016 presidential campaign of John Kasich, the 69th Governor of Ohio, began on July 21, 2015.
From the Pyrénées to Carcassonne, the river flows generally from south to north and then turns to the east.
The river then flows into the Mediterranean Sea a few kilometres from Narbonne at Grau de Vendres (near Cabanes-de-Fleury) on the border between the departments of Aude and Hérault.
EXID is a five-member South Korean-Pop girl group.
Its members are Solji, LE, Hani, Hyelin and Junghwa.
They debuted on February 12, 2012 with the release of Holla.
The quintet released their first EP Hippity Hop in August 2012.
It was met with limited success.
Their 2014 single Up & Down, however, reached number one on the Gaon Singles Chart four months after its release.
Dongguan is an industrial city.
It ranks behind only Shenzhen, Shanghai and Suzhou in exports among Chinese cities, with $65.54 billion in shipments.
The women's field hockey tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was the 9th version of the field hockey tournament at the Summer Olympics.
In France the Police Nationale (in English language national police) is the state component of public safety.
In contrast to the Gendarmerie Nationale personal are all civilian functionnaries of the state.
The Police Nationale has several very different sub-directorates, each responsible for specific missions.
In France the Police Nationale is responsible of many missions.
The first and perhaps the most important is, in French language sécurité des personnes et des biens.
It translation is safety of persons and property.
This is the true role of each French police officer.
The RAID (acronym for Recherche, Assistance, Intervention, Dissuasion) is the special unit of the Police Nationale.
Made famous in 1993 by a hostage-taking at a school in Neuilly-sur-Seine, it is the elite unit of the Police Nationale.
Its members are almost all snipers.
If the Police National has not helicopter it has many cars, vans, motorbikes, boats and special vehicles.
When police officers need to use an helicopter, they call the Sécurité Civile and their red and yellow Eurocopter EC145.
President of the French Republic leaves the Élysée Palace aboard his official car and joined the Arc de Triomphe, escorted by bikers of the Republican Guard.
After that he boarded a military vehicle, his command car.
From that moment, under the protocol, it fully embodies the role of Chief of the Armies.
Thus he reviews the troops stationed on the right side of the avenue.
Aboard his military vehicle he rejoind and its place in the official gallery.
The Bastille Day military parade begins really by the first flypast.
The Alpha Jet of the famous Patrouille de France fly over Paris.
They produce smokes of three colors, blue, white, and red, like of the Flag of France.
Behind them marched combat aircraft, military transport aircraft, reconnaissance aircraft and training aircraft.
These aircraft represent military and state components : French Air Force, French Navy, and French Sécurité Civile.
The SIAI-Marchetti S.211 is a military training aircraft.
It was built in Italy between 1981 and 1994.
Donald Patrick Don Murray (July 31, 1929 – February 2, 2024) was an American actor.
He was known for his role as Beauregard Decker in the 1956 movie Bus Stop.
EdgeHTML is a proprietary layout engine developed for Edge.
It is being phased out.
In the early 1940s, both the United States Army and United States Marine Corps were looking for a large base.
The Army stopped caring about the project.
The Marine Corps announced on February 1942 that the Camp Pendleton area would become the largest Marine Corps base in America.
They purchased Rancho Santa Margarita las Flores for $4,239,062.
Because the base was at first considered to be a temporary base, the buildings were built to minimum standards.
The base was then mainly used for training.
Thel was put on trial by the High Council for failing to defeat the UNSC at Installation 04.
He was stripped of his title but was given the title of Arbiter by the Prophets of Truth and Mercy.
originally a colony of the Portuguese Empire but became its center when the Prince Regent João VI fled the French invasion of Portugal in 1808.
When João returned to Portugal he left his son Pedro as regent of the autonomous Kingdom of Brazil.
On 8 September 2023, the ICC named 20 match officials for the tournament.
The ICC has stated that if Pakistan had qualified for the semi-finals, they would've played at Eden Gardens in Kolkata.
Whereas If India qualified for the semi-finals, they would be playing at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai unless India's opponent was Pakistan (the match would've held at Eden Gardens in Kolkata in that case).
All knockout matches had a reserve day available.
Gangwon Province is an important place for former transport links with North Korea.
Today train services operate on the Gangwon and Cheongnyeonicheon Lines.
Gangwon's marine transport center is Wonsan.
There are modern facilities in Wonsan Harbor, which accounts for 4% of Gangwon's freight traffic.
The Naked Truth is the fourth studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released on September 27, 2005.
This album was released on the first day of Kim's sentencing, in which she went to jail for nearly a year for lying in a court case that had involved Kim a few year back.
Korumburra is the home of Coal Creek Community Park and Museum.
This museum shows life in the area from the 1870s to 1920s, as the town rapidly expanded following the discovery coal.
The outdoor museum covers of bushland, including 60 exhibits.
These include the Giant Earthworm, National Bank, Anzac exhibit, mining exhibits, dairy exhibit at the Boston Carriageworks and Railway Museum.
The Park is free entry and open Thursdays to Mondays, and seven days a week during school holidays.
A tramway runs on weekends around the lower end of the park with an old-time farm and bush oval.
Many local organisations use the Park and environs and special events are held during the year.
The song was later released as a remix featuring rapper Ja Rule, called I'm Real (Murder Remix).
It reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and the top ten in the UK and Canada.
Sayreville, New Jersey is a borough on the Raritan River near Raritan Bay in New Jersey.
Her debut album Things Happen for a Reason was released on 25 September 2007 in Japan and 29 October 2007 in Australia.
This is a list of people who were born or lived a significant part of their lives in Kansas City, Missouri or the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
All songs produced by Pharrell Williams.
This is a list of people from the state of Colorado, whether they lived, were born, or were raised there.
The pharaoh's throne name, the first of the two names written inside a cartouche, with the title nsw-bity (nesu-bity, nesw-bit, nswt-bjtj).
The epithet neb tawy, Lord of the Two Lands, meaning the valley and delta regions of Egypt was also often used.
Alpine climate is the average weather (climate) for the regions above the tree line but below the place where the snow never melts.
There are several possible explanations for the origin of the present name.
An early map dated to 1688 recorded a Fort St.
Croix on the upper part of the river.
Near the mouth of the river was a French Voyageur's grave marked with a cross.
The most likely explanation was that it was named for a French trader named Sainte-Croix.
Stillwater is often called the birthplace of Minnesota.
In 1848, a territorial convention that began the process of establishing Minnesota as a state was held in Stillwater.
The convention selected three leading Minnesota cities as locations for three important public institutions.
Minneapolis got the University of Minnesota, Saint Paul became the capital, and Stillwater was chosen as the site of the territory's first prison.
The Minnesota Territorial Prison was opened in 1853.
U.S.
Highway 12 once crossed the St.
Croix River on a toll bridge between Wisconsin and Minnesota, which provided revenue for the town.
With the construction of Interstate 94, the toll bridge was removed.
The long causeway extending to the former bridge location is now open to the public as a pedestrian walkway.
Sahm has been named into in the South Texas Music Walk of Fame.
In 2008, he was inducted into the Austin Music Memorial, in the first group.
The blue iguana is the largest native land animal on Grand Cayman.
It has a length from nose-to-tail of .
It is tan to gray in color with a bluish cast (more so in males and during breeding season).
It is large and heavy-bodied with a dorsal crest of short spines running from the bottom of the neck to the end of the tail.
It weighs as much as .
The commune is bordered on the north by the Combarbalá and Monte Patria (a small part) communes, both of the Limarí province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Salamanca and Los Vilos communes, and on the west by the Canela commune.
Longyearbyen is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of Svalbard, Norway.
As of 2013, the town had a population of 2,043.
Because Longyearbyen is quite far north, it has very long daylight hours during the summer, and very short daylight hours in the winter.
It has midnight sun between 19 April and 25 August.
Longyearbyen has polar night between 27 October and 15 February.
It is milder than other places at the same latitude, due to warming from the sea.
This means that surprisingly high temperatures can occur.
For example, Longyearbyen reached almost into double figures Celsius on 30 January 1984.
The warmest recorded temperature was as high as on 17 July 1977.
The coldest temperature was a very cold on 4 March 1986.
Longyearbyen is badly affected by global warming, due to its Arctic position.
On 1 August 2015, a record August temperature of was recorded.
Maharaja Agrasen (or Agrasena) was a legendary Indian king of Agroha in India.
This was a city of traders from whom the cities of Agrawal and Agrahari descend.
He started a kingdom of traders in North India named Agroha.
He is known for his compassion in refusing to slaughter animals in yajnas.
Øvre Årdal is a village near Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.
It is the largest village in Årdal.
It is sits on the northern end of the long lake Årdalsvatnet.
The village of Årdalstangen is at the southern end.
The village has a population (2013) of 3,206.
This gives the village a population density of .
Farnes Church is in this village.
Giv completed his elementary education at Kay Khosravi school.
He learned English language in Yazd.
He was elected as the Zoroastrians' Representative in the Iranian National Assembly after Keikhosrow Shahrokh died in 1939.
Abe Simpson is a World War II veteran and he often tells long, unlikely and rambling stories about his past.
He was married to Mona Simpson for many years until she became a fugitive after she destroyed biological weapons owned by Mr.
Burns.
Elaine Tanner-Watt, OC (born February 22, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional swimmer.
She was a backstroke, butterfly, and freestyle swimmer.
She was nicknamed Mighty Mouse because of her small height but also because of her competitive drive.
Priyanka Chopra Jonas (born on 18 July 1982 in Jamshedpur, Bihar, India) is an Indian actress, model, singer and dancer.
She is the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000.
Chopra is a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.
it was started in 1891 by local attorneys.
for its first 60 years it was located on the courthouse on hill street.
then they build the current building.
it took from 1951-1953 to finish it.
Only the first stanza is regularly used as the national anthem.
9½ Weeks is a 1986 American erotic romantic drama movie.
It was directed by Adrian Lyne and it was produced by Mark Damon, Sidney Kimmel, Zalman King, and Antony Rufus-Isaacs.
It was released on February 20, 1986.
It is based on the Elizabeth McNeill memoir of the same name.
The movie is about a New York City art gallery employee who has an affair with a Wall Street broker.
Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller movie.
It was directed by Martin Scorsese and it was produced by Barbara De Fina.
Cape Fear was released on November 13, 1991.
It is adapted from the John D.
MacDonald novel The Executioners.
It is a remake of the 1962 movie directed by J.
Lee Thompson.
The movie is about an attorney who is stalked along with his family by a vengeful criminal he had defended in court against rape charges, but was sent to jail for eight years.
The first record to use the syllables doo-wop was the 1955 hit When You Dance by the Turbans.
The term doo-wop first appeared in print in 1961.
During the late 1950s many Italian-American groups added to the doo-wop scene.
The peak of doo-wop was in 1961.
Doo-wop's influence continued in soul, pop, and rock groups of the 1960s.
At various times in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, the genre has seen revivals.
Doo-wop was a precursor to many of the afro-American musical styles seen today.
An evolution of jazz and blues, doo-wop also influenced many of the major Rock and Roll groups that defined the later decades of the 20th century.
Doo-wop is iconic for it’s swing-like beats and using the off-beat to keep time.
Doo-wop laid the foundation for many musical innovations, for example, R&B.
By 1876, baseball scores were telegraphed, inning by inning, to newspaper offices.
Fans who did not want to wait for the newspaper coverage of away games waited at newspaper offices.
Some newspapers put up blackboards trying to show the progress of a game as they received the telegraphs.
Bluestonehenge or Bluehenge (also known as West Amesbury Henge) is a prehistoric henge and stone circle monument.
Non-denominational Muslims (), also known as non-sectarian Muslims, are Muslims who do not belong to, do not self-identify with, or cannot be readily classified under one of the identifiable Islamic schools and branches.
Such Muslims do not think of themselves as belonging to a denomination but rather as just Muslims or non-denominational Muslims.
Unlike Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis, non-denominational Muslims are not affiliated with any school of thought (madhhab).
There were many different reasons why the Spanish were able to take over the Aztec Empire.
Different weapons were used through the battle to help Cortes overrule the aztecs.
The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain.
In the long term, however, he has become known as a founder of idea of the adaptive unconscious.
He observed that the human perceptual system almost completely operates outside of conscious awareness.
These same observations were also made by Hermann Helmholtz.
Perhaps because these views were in conflict with the theories of Descartes, they were neglected for a hundred years.
Carpenter noticed that the more he studied the mechanism of thought, the more clear it became that it operates largely outside awareness.
He noticed that the unconscious prejudices can be stronger than conscious thought and that they are more dangerous since they happen outside of conscious.
Many or all of them are smaller earthworks (mounds, trenches and ramparts) arranged with each other to make geometric and other shapes (composite figures).
These shapes are squares, rings and three others.
The composite figures range from slightly under 90 m in length to over 400 m in diameter.
Post got her first television role in 1982.
She played Julianna Sleven, a Dutch refugee, in The Sullivans.
The program was an Australian drama television series about a middle-class Melbourne family and the effect World War II had on their lives.
Post moved to Melbourne to work on the series for twelve months before leaving in 1984.
That same year she had a role in the movie One Night Stand, as Eva, a bank teller from the Czech Republic.
All 224 people were killed.
The crash became the deadliest in Egyptian history.
Trevize and Pelorat discover a planet called Gaia, which is inhabited solely by Mentalics.
Trevize is made to decide what the future of the galaxy will be.
Gaia plans to absorb the entire Galaxy into one shared intellect.
Gendibal is sent back home to the Second Foundation, which is actually secretly based on Trantor.
which is close to the correct value (0.016710219) (see Earth's orbit).
The 88th U.S.
Congressional session passed Senate joint resolution 137 authorizing the Presidential appointed Commission to report on the assassination of President John F.
Kennedy.
Being a panda, his body is covered in black and white fur on his head (excluding the ears) and a stripe across his belly.
He is shorter than his brothers, with a wider frame than both.
He is shown to have small black eyes surrounded by black fur.
Ice Bear is one of the protagonist of the show We Bare Bears created by Daniel Chong.
Ice Bear is voiced by Demetri Martin.
He is a younger brother of Grizzly and Panda.
The Tupí were divided into several tribes which would constantly engage in war with each other.
In these wars, the Tupí would try to capture their enemies to later kill and eat them.
F.U.R.B.
(Fuck You Right Back) reached number one in the United Kingdom in May 2004, and Australia in June 2004.
She then released her debut studio album later on that year.
The All Blacks are also the first team to set their hands on the Webb Ellis Cup.
They are the first team to successfully defend the Rugby World Cup.
They were the first team to win back to back Rugby World Cups and the first team to win the cup on 3 separate occasions.
New Zealand competes with Argentina, Australia and South Africa in The Rugby Championship.
The All Blacks have won the trophy thirteen times in the competition's nineteen-year history.
They also hold the Bledisloe Cup, which is contested annually with Australia.
They hold the Freedom Cup, contested annually with South Africa.
New Zealand has achieved a Grand Slam (defeating England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales in one tour) four times1978, 2005, 2008 and 2010.
They have also been named the World Rugby Team of the Year seven times since 2005.
Four members have won the World Rugby Player of the Year awardcurrent captain , Dan Carter, and .
Fifteen former All Blacks have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame.
Four of these are also inductees of the World Rugby Hall of Fame.
Pot marigold florets are edible.
They are often used to add colour to salads or added to dishes as a garnish instead of saffron.
Walker died from a stroke on November 28, 2015 at her home in Salt Lake City, Utah, aged 85.
Olene walker was born in Ogden in the year of 1930.
In the year of 1953 she had graduated from Brigham Young University.
Then in the year of 1954 she had graduated from Stanford University with a degree in politics.
Then in 2003- 2005 she became Utah's first female governor.
When Olene Walker sets a goal she will accomplish.
She has set an agenda for herself to complete goals and in fourteen months she complete more goals as governor than most people have in one and a half years.
Olene walker has always wanted to make a difference in Utah.
She help children develop literacy skills while they were in foster care.
Olene walker had her dreams at a young age and when she was a young girl she said she wanted to be a president she never got to that dream but, she said that being a governor did her good.
Olene walkers catch phrase was You can do anything that you put your heart to..
The name Super Mario 128 was first used as early as January 1997 by Shigeru Miyamoto, as a possible name for a Super Mario 64 sequel.
This rumored expansion and sequel to Super Mario 64 called Super Mario 64-2 was said to be developed for the 64DD, but ended up being cancelled due to the 64DD's commercial failure.
Shigeru Miyamoto mentioned at E3's 1997 convention that he was just getting started on the project.
Jean Joubert (27 February 1928 – 28 November 2015) was a French novelist, short story writer, and poet.
The Palestine sunbird is a small passerine bird.
It is found in the Middle East and deserts in Africa, it is also known as the orange-tufted sunbird, which was a name also used for a similar bird that is found in South Africa.
In 2015, Palestine made it their national bird.
Farina is a ghost town in South Australia.
It is on the edge of the desert, with an unpredictable annual rainfall of 163.6 mm.
It was a farming and railway town, part of the Ghan railway, 26 km north of Lyndhurst and 55 km south of Marree.
In 2006 there were 55 people living near Farina.
Are not allowed in buildings with a no animal policy.
They may be used at home or outside where any animal is allowed, but under the 2011 ADA revision, only canines and in some cases miniature horses, are legally recognized as public access service animals.
An adult whooper swan weighs 9-11 kg.
It is 140-160 cm long (including neck and head) and it has a wingspan of 205-235 cm.
Young swans are grey-brown.
They have a pink and black beak.
The young get pale grey in end of their first summer.
They get the white adult colour before their second winter.
Male and female swans look otherwise similar, but the males are larger.
The whooper swan, Bewick's swan and mute swan look quite similar, but the details are different.
UNOVIS was an important group of Russian artists.
It was taken over by Kazimir Malevich at the Vitebsk Art School in 1919.
It started of with a group of students and was called MOLPOSNOVIS.
The group developed new idea about art.
Once Malevich became the leader they changed their name to UNOVIS.
The group only lasted until 1926.
In 2009 and 2010, the company went to 668,451 emergency calls, including 207,626 high-priority category A emergencies.
It arrived at 75.67% of these category A calls within eight minutes, and 96.04% within 19 minutes.
Cabot married a young woman named Mattea (female form of the name Matthew) in about 1474.
They had three sons, who Cabot taught to sail, and they also became great sailors.
By this time he was a merchant and traveled widely.
He and his family then moved to the port of Bristol, England about 1495.
Leonhard Euler and Daniel Bernoulli were the first to put together the theory in 1750.
as add new things.
Howe spent most of his playing career at West Bromwich Albion.
The Ukrainian National Union () is nationalist paramilitary political party in Ukraine.
Started as a political organization in 2009 and became a political party in 2013.
Apgar is the name of the woman who invented the Apgar scale.
But APGAR is also a backronym that stands for the things the Apgar scale checks.
These are Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration.
A serekh was an important type of heraldic crest used in Ancient Egypt.
In 1928, the Rosenwald Fund had worked with Public Health Services in a study of over 2,000 black workers in Mississippi's Delta Pine and Land Company.
The study's goal was to see how common syphilis was in this group.
The Rosenwald Fund helped provide treatment for 25% of the workers who had tested positive for syphilis.
However, in 1929, the Stock Market Crash happened.
The Great Depression also began.
The Rosenwald Fund said they could no longer pay for medicine to treat the Tuskegee men.
Lasse Erik Pöysti (24 January 1927 – 5 April 2019) was a Finnish actor, director, theatre manager and writer.
He has acted both in Finnish and Swedish language.
Aloha is a 2015 American romantic comedy-drama movie.
It was directed by Cameron Crowe and it was produced by Cameron Crowe and Scott Rudin.
Aloha was released on May 29, 2015.
The one-ton rated Power Wagon's gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) was 8,700 pounds.
Its maximum payload was 3,000 pounds.
It was discontinued in 1968 (against the wishes of the United States Forest Service) due to the expense of new safety and emission requirements.
They were, however, exported until 1978.
The Power Wagon was sold through the 1980 model year.
A number of engineering and styling improvements were made over the years as the truck grew in size and weight but the basic truck remained generally constant throughout its life and underwent one last major body change in 1972.
In the left-hand side of the first equation, the 2 multiplies the sum of 1 and 3; on the right-hand side, it multiplies the 1 and the 3 individually, with the products added afterwards.
Because these give the same final answer (8), it is said that multiplication by 2 distributes over addition of 1 and 3.
∗ is distributive over + if it is left- and right-distributive.
The Huracán has the same mid-engine V10 as the Lamborghini Gallardo.
It has 449 kW.
The displacement of the engine is 5,204 cm.
Once the gas chamber was full of people and the door was sealed, Nazi guards dropped Zyklon B through special holes in the roof.
The Boulton and Watt steam engine was the first to use steam at above atmospheric pressure.
This was a great step in the development of the steam engine.
Watt's invention was a key point in the Industrial Revolution.
Where Is Lycra Fabric Produced?
The future of Lycra fabric production around the world looks bright.
A ReportBuyer report from 2018 indicates that this fabric will continue to be made in greater and greater quantities until at least 2023, and all signs indicate that this production boom will continue far past this projected date.
There were also many smaller sub-camps nearby.
The Auschwitz complex was built on about 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) that had been cleared of everyone who lived there.
Rudolf Haag (17 August 1922 – 5 January 2016) was a German theoretical physicist.
He was born in Tübingen, Germany.
This is an example of a batch file.
It is called a Hello World example because it prints the text Hello World!
to the screen.
ECHO Hello World!
Nazi eugenics were a set of beliefs and rules that were very important to Nazi Germany during World War II.
These beliefs said that the Aryan race was the master race – the best race of all – and all other races were inferior (not as good).
There were also many other people who the Nazis believed were life unworthy of life, like people with disabilities.
These ideas about eugenics were at the center of the Nazis' beliefs and eventually helped lead to the Holocaust.
In 1955, Heinz Fraenkel-Conrat and Robley Williams showed that purified TMV RNA and its capsid (coat) protein assemble by themselves to functional viruses, indicating that this is the most stable structure (the one with the lowest free energy).
Bulworth is a 1998 American political comedy movie.
Warren Beatty plays the title character.
Halle Berry plays Nina.
Don Cheadle plays L.D..
Paul Sorvino plays Graham Crockett.
Christine Baranski plays Constance Bulworth.
Doctors may suspect CJD when a person has certain symptoms.
For example, dementia usually gets worse slowly.
Dementia that gets worse very quickly is unusual.
Along with symptoms like jerky movements, these symptoms may point to possible CJD.
Vicenzo and Luigi Pappalettera wrote in their book The Brutes Have the Floor that, every time a new transport of [prisoners] arrived at Mauthausen [concentration camp], Kapo August Adam picked out the professors, lawyers, priests and magistrates and cynically asked them: Are you a lawyer?A professor?Good!...
I am a killer.
I have five convictions on my record: one for manslaughter and four for robbery.
Well, here I am in command.
The world has turned upside down, did you get that?Do you need a dolmetscher, an interpreter?Here it is!
And he was pointing to his bat, after which he struck.
When he was satisfied, he formed a [work group] with those selected and sent them to clean the latrines.
Shield bugs are the Acanthosomatidae, a family of Hemiptera.
There are 55 genera, with about 200 species.
Lysozyme was the second protein structure, and the first enzyme structure, solved by X-ray diffraction methods.
It was the first enzyme to be fully sequenced that contains all twenty common amino acids.
Zika fever was first discovered in 1947, in a rhesus monkey in the Zika Forest in Uganda.
The first human cases were reported in Nigeria in 1954.
A few outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa and in some parts of Southeast Asia, but not India.
In 1977–1978, Zika virus caused fevers in Indonesia.
Many problems are much harder, though, and solving them analytically is not feasible: in these cases, numerical methods are often used.
This often is a result of when the decisions that need to be made involve whole numbers.
A baker can usually make half of a recipe, but consider a rancher trying to determine how many cattle and sheep to graze.
Limitations may include amount of land available or money to purchase the animals.
The optimization function is to maximize profit.
If they could purchase a fraction of a cow or sheep, then the problem is pretty easy to solve.
However, since one can only buy whole sheep or cows, the problem becomes very difficult to solve perfectly, so the best one can do is sometimes to get a best guess using numerical methods with the help of a computer.
(2) The derivative of the differentiated function can be taken, creating a second-order derivative.
The critical point must be substituted into the second derivative.
If the output is positive, the critical point is a minimum.
If the output is negative, the critical point is a maximum.
This is known as the second derivative test.
The application of optimization span many fields.
A simple example is attempting to find the smallest possible difference in the distance of two objects in two-dimensional space (x and y).
In this context, the derivative of the function that gives the difference is taken in order to find the minimum.
A more complicated example is in Machine Learning, in which the optimization function attempts to find the global minimum of the loss function in order to minimize the difference or loss between the algorithm’s predictions and the actual values.
This example is more difficult as Machine learning algorithms often utilize multidimensional data usually in the form of tensors yielding more complicated functions.
They are in the NGC 4038 group with five other galaxies.
Before The Collision, NGC 4038 was a barred spiral galaxy and NGC 4039 was a spiral galaxy.
These two galaxies are known as the Antennae galaxies because they have two long tails of stars, gas and dust ejected from the galaxies as a result of tidal force in the collision that look like an insect’s antennae.
The nuclei of the two galaxies are joining to become one giant galaxy, sometime in the future to form an Elliptical galaxy.
Doré was the President of the Union for the Progress of Guinea (UPG).
He was opposition leader for years before being chosen to lead a transitional government that was in place during the preparation and conduct of the 2010 presidential election.
The Chagos Archipelago ( or ) or Chagos Islands (formerly the Bassas de Chagas, and later the Oil Islands) is a group of seven atolls in the Indian Ocean.
The atolls are made up of more than 60 individual islands.
The islands are located about south of Maldives.
Tony Hilton Royle Skyrme (; 5 December 1922, Lewisham – 25 June 1987) was a British scientist who worked on the atom.
The organization talks about individual human rights cases of real people who were persecuted.
One of the people featured is Bassel Khartabil, formerly from Creative Commons Syria.
Bassel was imprisoned in Syria in 2012, and disappeared completely a few years later.
Bassel Khartabil has been killed in 2015.
Another featured case is Roya Saberinejad, who went to visit her family in Iran, and never returned.
If a person is exposed to a small amount of a blood agent, their symptoms may not be life-threatening.
For example, they may get confused, feel very tired, or have a headache, nausea, and vomiting.
The CentraleSupélec Programme typically lasts three years.
It results in a master's degree, in addition to international experience.
The undergraduate studies plus the CentraleSupélec Programme account for more than a 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
However, many toxins are water-soluble and will get absorbed into the bloodstream.
For example, the Vibrio cholerae bacteria is water-soluble.
If a person ingests water or food that has this toxin in it, they can get cholera.
Chester-le-Street is south of Newcastle upon Tyne and west of Sunderland.
It is on the River Wear.
The parish church of St Mary and St Cuthbert is where the body of St Cuthbert lay for 112 years.
Then it was taken to Durham Cathedral.
The church is the site of the first translation of the Gospels into English.
There Aldred wrote the Old English gloss between the lines of the Lindisfarne Gospels.
Sexually transmitted infections can often be prevented by having safer sex.
The earliest symptoms of VX poisoning depend on how a person was exposed to VX.
If VX got on a person's skin, their first symptoms might be sweating or twitching muscles near where the VX was.
If the person breathed in VX, their first symptoms might be a runny nose and trouble breathing, caused by the bronchi (the tubes that bring air to the lungs) getting narrower.
It was first defined and used in physics (in particular in statistical mechanics) for describing particle speeds in idealized gases.
In an idealized gas the particles move freely inside a stationary container without interacting with one another, most of the time.
Sometimes they collide and exchange energy and momentum with each other or with their thermal environment.
Particle in this context refers to gaseous particles (atoms or molecules), and the system of particles is assumed to have reached thermodynamic equilibrium.
A particle speed probability distribution indicates which speeds are more likely: a particle will have a speed selected randomly from the distribution, and is more likely to be within one range of speeds than another.
The distribution depends on the temperature of the system and the mass of the particle.
The 2015 Washington, D.C., mass murder occurred on May 14, 2015.
Three members of the Savopoulos family (Savvas, Amy, and their son, Philip) were murdered at their home in Washington, D.C..
Their housekeeper, Veralicia Figueroa, was also murdered.
The victims were held hostage for nineteen hours, from May 13.
Ten-year-old Philip was tortured in order to coerce $40,000 in cash from the family.
YouTube announced the rebranding of the service as YouTube Premium on May 17, 2018, alongside the return of a separate, YouTube Music subscription service.
Later in the year, it was reported that YouTube was planning to make some of the original content associated with the service available on an ad-supported basis.
The miracle of the loaves and fishes is a 1725 painting by Pittoni.
It is in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria, Victoria, Australia.
Exsanguination is often called bleeding to death or bleeding out.
It is a medical emergency.
Intravenous injection or intravenous therapy means putting liquid into a vein, using a needle.
Many illegal drugs and medications can be given intravenously.
The slow air chamber has a mouthpiece and breath hole for the player's breath.
Air flows through the slow air chamber and up the exit hole into the flue.
Early recordings of Native American flutes are available from several sources.
Tookes was born and raised in Huntington Beach, California.
She did gymnastics for ten years and was active in volleyball and softball before she became a model at about the age of 15.
Her mother is a celebrity fashion stylist.
Tookes wther's showroom appointments.
The term gamemaster and the job itself it could be found in the postal gaming hobby.
In early virtual worlds gamemasters worked as a moderator or administrator; in MUD gamemasters were called wizards.
Gamemastering in the form found in traditional role-playing games has also been used in virtual worlds that mostly run by themselves.
However, human moderation was sometimes thought of as unfair or wrong in a world that is otherwise run by computer programs.
Subdural hematomas can happen right away after a bad injury to the head.
These are called acute subdural hematomas.
These are the most dangerous of all head injuries.
They kill about 60% to 80% of people who have them.
The engineering programme, which leads to the award of diplôme d'ingénieur, typically lasts three years.
It involves work experience and time spent abroad.
Students who successfully completed Master's level courses earn 300 ECTS credits in the European education system.
The Aphelion software product can be used to prototype applications using the graphical user interface.
It provides a set of tools for programmers which have to develop software with image analysis needs.
All products of the Aphelion Imaging Software Suite can be run on equipped with Windows (Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, or 10) 32 or 64 bits.
In English, these trees are called planes or plane trees.
Some North American species are called sycamores, but this name is also used for a species of fig.
As of February 2016, more than 1.3 million websites use Drupal.
The hill is tall.
There is a road to the top.
There are many temples, monasteries, and pagodas built on the hill.
Alcohol by volume (often shortened to ABV) tells how much ethanol there is in an alcoholic drink.
The quantity is measured at a temperature of .
The Senate's current practice is to elect a full-time President pro tempore at the beginning of each Congress, as opposed to making it a temporary office only existing during the Vice President's absence.
Since World War II, the senior (longest serving) member of the majority party has filled this position.
As is true of the Speaker of the House, the Constitution does not require that the President pro tempore be a senator, but by tradition, a senator is always chosen.
The House of Representatives votes to impeach a president, vice president or other civil officer, but the Senate serves as judge and jury.
The defendant in the trial can be removed from office by a two-thirds vote of the Senate.
Only three times has the Senate brought impeachment charges against a president still in office.
This was in 1868 against Andrew Johnson, in 1998 against Bill Clinton, and in 2020 against Donald Trump.
In each case, the president was not convicted and allowed to serve out his term of office.
Eventually, close to 69,000 teachers taught Citizenship Schools throughout the South.
Most of these teachers were volunteers who were not paid.
Many of the Civil Rights Movement's adult leaders went to or taught Citizenship Schools.
Naoot wrote several books of poetry and a book of poetry analysis.
She also translated collections of poems from English into Arabic.
Sierra de Guadarrama National Park () is a national park in Spain.
It covers about .
The park is one of the biggest national parks in Spain.
Only four national parks are bigger.
A mass grave is a grave where many bodies are buried together, without coffins.
Mass graves are usually created when a large number of people die or are killed.
For example, in the past, they have been used when many people die at once from disease, a natural disaster, or genocide.
The only realistic possibility would be a coalition government of the CDU, SPD and the Greens.
Together, they would have a 2-seat majority .
Other combinations (such as the CDU and The Left or CDU and AfD) are highly unlikely.
The stark differences among the parties will make it harder for negotiations to create a coalition.
We the People means all of the citizens of the United States.
Before the government based on the Constitution, the United States was based on the Articles of Confederation.
However, had very little power as a federal government.
They did not give the United States government enough power for the country to work and grow.
Every state was for itself, instead of working cooperatively.
Sometimes they acted like thirteen separate countries that would only come together if another country attacked them.
Do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America is perhaps the strongest statement in the Preamble.
It says in effect that the people made the Constitution and it is the people who give it power.
Under the U.S.
Constitution, the President and Vice President are chosen by Electors.
The Constitution allows each state legislature to decide how they will choose Electors.
Since the 1820s, state legislatures have usually chosen Electors through an indirect popular vote.
This means that people in the state will get to vote on which Electors they want.
The ballot that people use to vote will have the Electors' names on it.
Usually, it will also say what Presidential and Vice Presidential candidates they plan to support.
This allows the people to choose Electors who support the candidates they like.
This provision will force the pleader to consider carefully and promptly the wisdom of amending to meet the arguments in the motion...
and will expedite determination of issues that otherwise might be raised seriatim.
Grigby's staff announced on December 22, 2011 that she was hospitalized in intensive care, battling cancer.
In April 2012, Grigsby announced she would be retiring from the Assembly to recover her strength.
This article will show the current results of the 2016 Democratic Party presidential primaries.
The Democratic Party presidential primary is a process of choosing delegates, or people that represent someone, to go to the 2016 Democratic National Convention.
People in each state will vote on who they think will be good for the presidency, and each candidate gets a certain amount of delegates based on the number of votes they receive.
In the recent years, several of San Sebastian Festivals have been celebrated in different areas of Florida and in DFW, Texas.
This has been a result of many Puerto Ricans moving to the United States and wanting to maintain a connection with their typical island traditions.
The festivals programed in Florida and Dallas, Texas have a duration of one to two days compared to the one celebrated in Puerto Rico which last four days.
These festivals also have Puerto Rican food and rums, “Cabezudos, artisan market, and music.
James Madison had spent the winter of 1787 making a study of various confederations throughout history.
He came to Philadelphia armed with a wealth of knowledge and an idea for what the United States government should be.
His plan was presented to the Convention by Edmund Randolph, the Governor of Virginia.
It became the broad outline of what would be a new government under the U.S.
Constitution.
His plan called for three branches of government with checks and balances to prevent any one branch from abusing their power.
Madison's idea for a legislature had two houses.
One would feature members elected by the people for a three-year term.
The other would have its members elected by the state legislatures and would serve for 7 years.
Both would have the seats determined by the population of the country.
In Mills v.
Duryee (1813), the United States Supreme Court ruled that the merits of a case, as settled by courts of one state, must be recognized by the courts of other states.
state courts may not reopen cases which have been conclusively decided by the courts of another state.
Later, Chief Justice John Marshall suggested that the judgment of one state court must be recognized by other states' courts as final.
However, in McElmoyle v.
Cohen (1839), the court heard a case where one party obtained a judgment in South Carolina and sought to enforce it in Georgia, which had a statute of limitations that barred actions on judgments after a certain amount of time had passed.
The court upheld Georgia's refusal to enforce the South Carolina judgment.
The court found that out-of-state judgments are subject to the procedural law of the states where they are enforced, notwithstanding any priority it may be given in the state in which they it was issued.
In Kentucky v.
Dennison (1860), the Supreme Court held that the federal courts may not compel state governors to surrender fugitives through the issue of writs of mandamus.
The Dennison decision was overruled by Puerto Rico v.
Branstad (1987).
Now, the federal courts may require the extradition of fugitives.
Alleged fugitives generally may not challenge extradition proceedings.
In 1865, the Fugitive Slave Clause was repealed by the ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment abolishing slavery.
Section 1 says that judges shall hold their Offices [keep their jobs] during good Behavior.
This is meant to protect federal judges, and also to make sure that the federal judiciary is independent.
The last section of Article 3 talks about treason and how it should be punished.
The Founding Fathers wanted to make sure that Americans' rights were protected.
They also knew that in the past, in England, some kings had gotten rid of their political opponents just by accusing them of treason.
For these reasons, the Founders wanted to make sure the Constitution said specifically what crimes were treason; what would be needed to find people guilty; and what the punishments could be.
Boyd was a photographer on the trip over the Arctic Ocean in 1941.
The crew on the trip to the Arctic called her the Ice Woman.
Litomyšl is a town in the Czech Republic.
The population is 10,000.
It is in the Pardubice Region in eastern Bohemia.
A famous composer, Bedřich Smetana, was born there in 1824.
Litomyšl Castle is on the UNESCO Heritage List.
The most important landmarks there are Litomyšl Castle, Knights´ Hall, Church of the Raising of the Holy Cross, Piarist Church of the Discovery of the Holy Cross and Piarist college, New Church of the Church of the Brethren, Portmoneum (Museum), Smetana´s Cultural House, Indoor swimming pool.
This is one of the most beautiful houses in Litomyšl square.
It was built by a stonemason Blažek after a fire in 1540.
It was finished in 1546.
The stone facade is decorated with decorative and figurative motives.
On the sides of the middle window there are 2 statues of the knights.
They are famous from story by a popular writer Alois Jirásek.
The house is decorated with other figures (a merchant, a mermaid, a lion, a unicorn).
There is a town gallery today.
This modern building was built from 2008 to 2010.
The church was designed by an architect Zdeněk Fránek.
There are artworks by Karel Malich and Vojtěch Cígler as well.
The church has got a room for 150 people, 2 clubs and a social lobby.
Worship takes places there every Sunday at 9:30.
Sometimes you can visit concerts or exhibitions there.
Eeverybody can come there.
On July 12, 1985, President Ronald Reagan found out that he had a small growth in his colon that could turn into colon cancer.
His doctor told him he needed surgery.
Reagan decided to have surgery right away.
The ideal number of seats in the House of Representatives has been a subject of controversy since the country's founding.
The delegates to the 1787 Constitutional Convention set the representation ratio at one representative for every 40,000 people.
Upon the suggestion of George Washington, the ratio was changed to 1:30,000.
This was the only time Washington voiced an opinion on any of the actual issues debated during the convention.
A third plan was offered by Alexander Hamilton.
It was a copy of the British Constitution.
It also was bicameral with an upper house and a legislature in which members served on their good behavior.
4) Some Russian Christians -including some of the western groups of the Karaite people- took many ideas from Karaite Judaism but they did not completely give up on Jesus.
They became Russian Sabbatarians.
They are also called Russian Karaites and Karaite Sabbatarians but there is a big argument about why they are called Karaite.
Is it because of their religion?Or is it because some of them descended from the Karaite people or Qaraite people?It seems impossible to know.
Hours after the attacks, police went into a home in Schaerbeek, north of Brussels, where they found a nail bomb, chemicals, and an ISIL flag.
One man was arrested, but then released.
French cartoonist Jean Plantureux, who goes by Plantu, drew an emotional cartoon for French newspaper Le Monde.
A crying person wrapped in a French flag hugs a crying person with a Belgian flag, suggesting solidarity between the two countries.
Gideon asked for a lawyer named Fred Turner, who had a very good reputation, and the judge agreed.
With Turner arguing the case, it took jurors less than an hour to find Gideon not guilty.
Gideon was set free that day.
The village is surrounded by a large forest but deforestation is a major problem in this area.
To find this integer, you must compute the sha256 value for every integer starting with zero until you find the right value.
While each individual computation is trivial and cheap, cumulatively the work adds up and becomes time consuming and expensive.
To successfully reproduce the given hash value, you must do some work.
Batson v.
Kentucky, , was a landmark decision in which the United States Supreme Court ruled that a prosecutor's use of peremptory challenges in a criminal case may not be used to exclude jurors based solely on their race.
The Court ruled that this practice violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
The case gave rise to the term Batson challenge, an objection to a peremptory challenge.
This is based on the standard established by the Supreme Court's decision in this case.
Later decisions have resulted in the extension of Batson to civil cases.
For example, in Edmonson v.
Leesville Concrete Company, the Court allowed private litigants to use this challenge.
The Supreme Court also allowed it in cases are excluded on the basis of gender as in J.E.B.
v.
Alabama ex rel.
T.B..
In 1979, the Ninth Circuit became the first federal judicial circuit to set up a Bankruptcy Appellate Panel as authorized by the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978.
Schedule II drugs are the most-controlled type of drugs that a doctor can write a prescription for.
Some drugs that are usually illegal are on Schedule II.
They are on Schedule II instead of Schedule I because sometimes, they can be used for medical reasons.
For example, Schedule II includes cocaine, because it can stop bleeding and kill pain in the mouth, throat, and nose.
Schedule II also includes methamphetamine, because it is sometimes used to treat Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and severe obesity.
The show has been held annually since 1900.
NGC 488 is a spiral galaxy in the constellation of Pisces.
It is about 90 million light years away from Earth.
Its diametre isn't more than 171000 light years.
This galaxy is considered a prototype galaxy with multiple arms.
It has a group, the NGC 488 Group and it's the unique galaxy of the group that it's insolated.
The school is famous for its aviation books, published in French and also in English since 2016, thanks to a cooperation with the French Civil Aviation University.
The West African CFA franc is the currency of eight countries in West Africa: Benin, Burkina Faso, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Mali, Niger, Sénégal and Togo.
CFA means Communauté Financière d'Afrique (Financial Community of Africa) or Communauté Financière Africaine (African Financial Community).
The ENSTA Programme typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience.
Thus undergraduate studies + the ENSTA Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.
The Bukit Panjang LRT opened on 6 November 1999 and is operated by SMRT Trains.
The line is in the shape of a single loop and connects with the MRT North South Line at Choa Chu Kang Station and the Downtown Line at Bukit Panjang.
William Franklin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He was the illegitimate son of Benjamin Franklin, a leading figure in the city.
His mother's identity is unknown.
Middlesex County College is a community college with its main campus located in Edison, New Jersey, United States.
He moved to Los Angeles and was hired by a doctor's office in North Hollywood.
There, he started to see a number of patients in 1978 who had a series of unusual conditions, including younger men with shingles, a case of Kaposi's sarcoma, and several patients who had symptoms of what appeared to be, but was not, lymphoma.
Game & Watch Gallery 4, known in Europe and Australia as Game & Watch Gallery Advance, is the fifth game in the series in Europe and Australia and the fourth in North America.
It was released for the Game Boy Advance in Europe on October 25, 2002, in the United States on October 28, 2002, and in Australia in 2002.
It is the second Game & Watch Gallery game not to receive a Japanese release until 2016 via the Wii U's Virtual Console.
It is also the first title in the Game & Watch Gallery series to credit TOSE as a co-developer, after the company had gone uncredited in the previous installments.
A track fault at Paya Lebar delayed trains travelling towards HarbourFront on 31 December 2012.
SMRT had called in staff to manually drive the trains between Dakota and MacPherson to navigate the fault.
Circle Line trains began running normally again more than four hours after the fault took place around 8 am.
Princess Charlotte Thérèse Nathalie Grimaldi of Monaco (19 May 1719 – circa 1790), was a Monégasque princess.
Charlotte never married and as a result became a nun at a convent in Paris.
Wasan Crocodile Farm (ฟาร์มจระเข้วสันต์) There are different kinds of animals such as crocodiles, tigers, rays, and various bird species.
In 1815, King Rama II visited the city.
He was given a lot of lotus flowers.
Because of this, the king decided to rename the city to Pathum Thani.
It means the lotus flower town.
Thim Dap or Royal Guards Residence (ทิมดาบ หรือที่พักของทหารรักษาการณ์) Passing through the entrance to the middle court, the buildings on both sides of the lawn were the barracks of the royal guards of the palace.
Amphoe Ban Mi (อำเภอบ้านหมี่) Famous for Mudmi silk.
Most of the locals are Thai Phuan who migrated from Laos around 130 years ago.
They named their new settlement as Ban Mi after their former Laotian village.
Khao Somphot Non-hunting Area (เขตห้ามล่าสัตว์ป่าเขาสมโภชน์) A high and steep limestone mountain range stretching along the southwestern direction, full of caves and cliffs.
There are two plains in the valley and a plateau, with many spots of water seepage around the area, making it a significant watershed.
Khao Yai-Nakhon Nayok Jungle Treks (ท่องไพรเขาใหญ่-นครนายก) is usually held during December to June.
The trekking aims to promote the study of nature and ecology, as well as creating good understanding in natural resources and environmental conservation.
Duane Ramsdell Dewey Clarridge (April 16, 1932 – April 9, 2016) was an American senior operations officer for the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and supervisor for more than 30 years.
Clarridge was the chief of the Latin American division from 1981 to 1987 and a key figure in the Iran-Contra Affair.
He was the youngest son of Chinese scholar and reformist Liang Qichao.
His elder brothers, Liang Sicheng and Liang Siyong, were also academicians.
Liang was elected an academician of the International Academy of Astronautics in 1987, and academician of CAS in 1993.
He became the vice-president of the International Astronautical Federation in 1994.
Chanhassen is located in Minnesota's 3rd congressional district, represented by Erik Paulsen, a Republican.
Tamio Tommy Kono (June 27, 1930 – April 24, 2016) was an American weightlifter in the 1950s and 1960s.
It is named for the azure color on its back.
Its feet are red with only two front toes.
White spots between the eyes and beak may help it scare predators.
Merve Safa Kavakçı (born 19 August 1968, Ankara) is Turkish politician, who was elected as a Virtue Party deputy for Istanbul on April 18, 1999.
Kavakci is the Director of Postcolonial Studies Research Center (PAMER) at Uskudar University.
She is also an Associate Professor of Political Science and International Relations.
Kavakçı is a Hafiz-al Qur'an.
She received her master's degree from Harvard University and her PhD from Howard University.
Kavakçı is currently a professor at George Washington University and Howard University in Washington D.C.
She is the author of Headscarf Politics in Turkey: A Postcolonial Reading, and five other books some of which are translated to Arabic and Persian.
She is the editor author of International Relations in the Global Village: Changing Interdependencies.
Kavakçı is recognized among the World's Most Influential 500 Muslims.
She was recognized among Women of Excellence by NAACP and GWU in 2004.
She was awarded the Public Service Award in Tribute and in Recognition of efforts for the advancement of human rights and Muslim Women's empowerment by International Association for Women and Children in 2000.
She was awarded Service to Humanity Award by Haus Der Kulturellen Aktivität und Toleranz in Vienna, Austria in 1999.
She was granted Mother of the Year Award by Capital Platform of Ankara and National Youth Organization in 1999.
Route 18 runs at the New Brunswick border of Somerset.
NJT's operations are divided into three classes: bus, rail, and light rail.
The Glassboro–Camden Line is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) light rail system planned for southwestern part of New Jersey in the United States.
At its northern end in Camden it will connect with the River LINE with which its infrastructure and vehicles will be compatible.
At the northern terminus, the Walter Rand Transportation Center, paid transfers will be possible to the PATCO Speedline.
Alan Kooi Simpson (born September 2, 1931) is an American politician.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
He served from 1979 to 1997 as a United States Senator from Wyoming.
His dad, Milward L.
Simpson, was also a senator (1962–1967), and served as a Wyoming governor (1955–1959).
Henry Silva (September 23, 1926; September 14, 2022) is an American movie and television actor.
He is known for his roles as Chunjin in The Manchurian Candidate (1962) and as the voice of Bane in .
Since that time, much of the area next to the walls has been covered and built upon.
Uday gained millions of United States dollars by running fake corporations and illegally trading with Iran (Iraq's sworn enemy).
At this time, the United Nations did not allow Iraq to trade with other countries.
By using fake corporations, Uday was able to get around this rule.
From Iran, he was able to get almost anything he wanted.
Dental records proved that two of the men killed in the house were Uday and Qusay, according to the United States Military.
They also announced that the person who gave them the tip about where Uday and Qusay were staying would get a $30 million reward.
The Nouvelle-Aquitaine region had, in 2014, a population of 5,879,144, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Occitanie region had a population, in 2014, of 5,730,753, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The following is a list of paintings by Italian Rococo painter Giambattista Pittoni, one of the most important artist of the eighteenth century in Europe.
Giambattista Pittoni lists 247 extant and 117 lost, missing or destroyed works.
Some of his works are listed below.
Legend says that King Naresuan the Great and King Eka Thotsarot made several royal visits here and enjoyed its beauty.
The villagers called it Hat Chao Samran, which means beach of royal leisure.
Phetchaburi is known for a vast variety of sweet food.
The reputation comes from the use of Tanot (palm) sugar.
Examples are Mo-kaeng, a sweet made from flour, sugar and eggs; A-lua and Sampanni, a sweet made from flour and sugar; Thong Yip, Thong Yot and Foi Thong, sweets made from baked egg-yolk; and Chao Tan Chueam (palm seed in thick syrup).
The Pichichi Trophy is awarded by newspaper Marca to the player who scores the most goals in a season.
The Zamora Trophy is awarded by newspaper Marca to the goalkeeper with least goals-to-games ratio.
Giovanni Coppa (9 November 1925 – 16 May 2016) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.
He has served as a diplomat of the Holy See.
He was elevated to cardinalate in 2007.
He was born in Alba, Italy.
Coppa died on 16 May 2016, aged 90.
In December 14, 2017, The Walt Disney Company has announced plan to buy 21st Century Fox for $52.4 billion as well as 20th Century Fox and other Fox Entertainment assets.
In 1862, Congress had authorized the office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Much as today, he had the power to assess, levy and collect taxes.
He also had the right to enforce the tax laws by prosecution and seizing property and income.
George S.
Boutwell was the first commissioner of the Bureau of Internal Revenue.
During the Second World War, they moved from France to Portugal and later to the Bahamas.
They were widely suspected of being sympathetic to the German Nazis.
Edward himself wrote in the New York Daily News of 13 December 1966: it was in Britain's interest and in Europe's too, that Germany be encouraged to strike east and smash Communism forever ...
I thought the rest of us could be fence-sitters while the Nazis and the Reds slogged it out.
Caupolicán was a leader of the Mapuche people of Chile, who decided to choose a supreme war leader in response to the Spanish threat.
Caupolican supposedly won the position by demonstrating his superior strength by holding up a tree trunk three days and three nights, though this may be an exaggeration.
The Delta IV rocket comes in many different types meant to launch different sizes and kinds of satellites.
The least powerful kind of the Delta IV rocket is the Medium type.
It has 1 main Common Booster Core (CBC) as the first stage of the rocket, using the RS-68 engine, and the second stage is like from the Delta III rocket, but it has been changed.
It uses a 4-meter payload fairing to cover the satellite during the launch of the rocket.
This kind has launched 3 times.
Price was not finished as a Confederate commander, however.
He contested Union control over Arkansas in the summer of 1863, and while he won some of his engagements, he was not able to move Union forces out of the state.
In early 1864, Confederate General Edmund Kirby-Smith, in command of the Western Louisiana campaign, ordered General Price in Arkansas to send all of his infantry to Shreveport.
Confederate forces in the Indian Territory were to join Price in the endeavor.
General John B.
Magruder in Texas was instructed to send infantry toward Marshall, Texas, west of Shreveport.
General St.
John R.
Liddell was instructed to proceed from the Ouachita River west toward Natchitoches.
With a force of five thousand, Price reached Shreveport on March 24.
However, Kirby-Smith detained the division and divided it into two smaller ones.
He hesitated to send the men south to fight Union General Nathaniel P.
Banks, whom he believed outnumbered the Confederate forces.
This decision which drew the opposition of General Richard Taylor.
But the western campaign was nearing its conclusion.
Students can join the senior or junior Drama Club, can participate in the annual production and the biannual Easter production the Final Hours.
In 1832, McCulloch headed west.
He reached Independence, Missouri too late to join the fur trappers headed for the mountains for the season.
He moved on to Galena, Illinois to the lead mines for a time.
In the fall of 1832, he returned to Tennessee.
He and his brother floated cypress logs down the Obion and Mississippi Rivers to Natchez, Mississippi and New Orleans to market twice a year until 1835.
In the meanwhile, he was attached to Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon's Union Army of the West.
Sigel and his soldiers helped put down a riot the St.
Louis area.
The incident was known as the Camp Jackson Affair.
He led a Flanking maneuver at Battle of Wilson's Creek, surprising and attacking the Confederate forces from their rear while Lyon attacked them from the front.
On March 8, 1862, at the Battle of Pea Ridge, Sigel commanded two division (military)s in the victory against Major General Earl Van Dorn (CSA).
Other towns, besides the town of Wiltz, within the commune are Roullingen and Weidingen.
There were 2,008 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
There were 3,632 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
When he studied, he joined “The Polish People's Party (, abbreviated to PSL).
Revoy aims to draw one episode every month.
Salom won his first Grand Prix in Indianapolis in 2012, beating Sandro Cortese and Maverick Viñales in a last-lap fight.
He also won at Aragon.
He finished the championship in second behind Cortese.
The start menu is a part of the graphical user interfaces found in many operating systems.
It is well known for its use in Microsoft Windows, where it is used to start programs, open files, change system settings, and get help if a user doesn't know how to do what they want to do.
The group released their first studio album entitled XOXO in June 2013 with two versions, Korean edition Kiss and the Hug mandarin.
EXO-K and EXO-M did their promotions jointly; mainly in South Korea.
EXO recorded the single main Wolf but the rest of the songs they recorded separately.
The two versions collectively ranked number 1 in Billboard World Albums Chart a week after release.
In June 2016, S.M.
Entertainment announced that EXO released their third studio album, EX'ACT and two singles Lucky One and Monster at the same time.
On June 3, the group released the teaser of Lucky One which in twelve hours got over a million views.
The album's national pre-sales exceed 660,000 copies, making it the most pre-sold K-pop album of all time.
The album later broke the record for the highest sales during the first week, breaking its previous record set by Sing for You, selling 522,372 copies in a week.
The album also went on to top the list of United World Albums Chart.
The second single from EX'ACT, Monster, became the first EXO number one on Billboard World Digital Songs Chart songs and spent two weeks at number one.
The album's first single, Lucky One debuted at number three on the Billboard World Digital Songs Chart and remained in first place for two weeks.
The song was also on the top of iTunes in seven countries.
There were 34,378 persons living in the commune in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Other towns within the communes are Beringen, Berschbach, Moesdorf, Pettingen, Reckange, Rollingen and Schoenfels.
Other towns within the commune are Lannen, Nagem, Niederpallen, Ospern and Reichlange.
In the medieval period, forts carried much significance.
With a firm hold over a fort, one could defend as well as control the surrounding area and could rule the land.
In case of an enemy’s invasion, it was possible to protect the people taking shelter in the fort.
The forts situated within the jagir of Shivaji Maharaj were not under his control but were under the control of Adilshah.
An attempt to capture the forts meant to challenge the Adilshahi power.
Shivaji Maharaj decided to acquire the forts that were within his jagir.
He captured the forts of Murumbdev (Rajgad), Torna, Kondhana, and Purandar.
This laid the foundation of the Swaraj.
Shivaji Maharaj was steadily but cautiously aiming at extending and consolidating his power.
Those sardars who appreciated his aim were brought to his side, but some sardars in the Adilshahi opposed him.
It was necessary to bring them under control to found the Swaraj.
The Treveri, a Gallic or Celtic tribe, inhabited the region for several hundred years until they were conquered by Julius Caesar in 54 BC.
A Celtic necropolis from the 1st century was discovered in the early 1970s on the Juckelsboesch plateau between Mamer and Kehlen.
Other towns, besides the town of Mamer, within the commune are Capellen and Holzem.
In October 1855, John Brown came to Kansas Territory to fight slavery.
On November 21, 1855 a skirmish called Wakarusa War started when a Free-Stater named Charles Dow was shot by a pro-slavery settler.
The war had one death, a free stater named Thomas Barber was shot and killed.
On May 21, 1856, Missourians invaded Lawrence and burned the Free State Hotel.
They destroyed two newspaper offices, and ransacked homes and stores.
and butter are added.
Omar Mir Seddique Mateen (November 16, 1986 – June 12, 2016) was an American mass shooter/mass murderer.
He killed at least 49 people and wounded 53 others in a mass shooting at a gay bar in Orlando, Florida.
He was killed in a gunfight with the police.
It was the largest and deadliest act of violence targeting LGBT people in United States history.
Ukrainian Ge (Ґ, ґ) is the fifth letter of the Ukrainian alphabet.
It can also be used in the Belarusian language.
This letter means the sound [g] in both languages, Г meaning the sound [h].
Firstly this letter appeared in the middle of the 19th century.
Natives had many rituals and ceremonies.
The Sun Dance was an important ritual.
Different tribes came together to affirm their beliefs.
The Sun Dance was usually every year.
The ceremony also included sacrifices.
People would make personal sacrifices to heal the larger community.
There were dances and songs.
Fasting was also common.
There was much preparation for these ceremonies.
The dance sometimes included piercing individuals.
Graben, Switzerland is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Unterschächen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland.
It is in the upper Schächental.
It has an area of .
Andeer () is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
Grossaffoltern is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
In Lynn County, trouble between free-state and pro-slavery settlers began in about 1856.
This was when a large group of pro-slavery Southerners came through the area destroying property and capturing free-state settlers.
One of those who escaped the Southerners was James Montgomery.
He became the leader of the free-state settlers in the area called Jayhawkers.
Various encounters between the two groups went on until 1857 when James H, Lane assembled a company of free-state men to harass the pro-slavery forces in Kansas and Western Missouri.
When Lane's company disbanded, James Montgomery took over.
He ordered the pro-slavery leaders out of the county.
Many did leave and returned to Missouri.
Charles A.
Hamilton was one who left Kansas, but with bitter feelings.
Hamilton called a meeting together at Papinville, Missouri to get men for an invasion of Kansas.
It was decided they would eliminate the free-state settlers living in Lynn County.
Charles R.
Jennison was the leader of the Independent Mounted Kansas Jayhawkers, also known as the 7th Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was another who led raids into Missouri.
The regiment was officially termed the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, but was popularly known as Jennison's Jayhawkers.
In addition, more people were employed to work at the armory than before: the labor force increased from 25 in 1802 to about 400 workers in 1859.
The working conditions improved, but only slightly.
Lee divided his Army of Northern Virginia into five smaller armies or columns.
Three he sent with General Stonewall Jackson to attack and hold Harpers Ferry.
This way Jackson could control the Shenandoah Valley.
The municipality was formed in 1983 when it and Ostermundigen were separated from territory once part of Bolligen.
He was a professor at the Collège de France from 1981 to 1993.
He was the author of several works on art, art history, and artists including Miró and Giacometti.
Since 1992 Olympics football changed to U-23 event, and the European U-21 teams, technically is a U-23 teams.
Stephen Okechukwu Keshi (23 January 1962 – 7 June 2016) was a Nigerian football defender.
He was also a football manager of the Nigeria national team.
He was one of only two people, along with Egypt's Mahmoud El-Gohary, to have won the Africa Cup of Nations as both a player and a coach.
Considered to be one of the best center backs ever to emerge from Nigeria.
He was known as tough defender with good positioning, and rocket shot which helped him score some great goals from free kicks.
He wasn't some technician, but could deliver a quality long pass all over the pitch, but on the other hand, his short passes were mostly delivered to his closest teammate.
His first touch play wasn't good at some time, and when he made mistakes during the game, they were mostly because of his poor first touch clearances and ball trapping.
His positioning was definitely his asset, but occasionally happened to him that he position himself pretty well but then react poorly and miss interception or clearance.
He was definitely a threat in the aerial duels.
In 2006, he was named one of the Top 200 African Footballers of the Last 50 Years by the Confederation of African Football.
He began his football career in his native Nigeria, playing in the Nigerian championship for ACB Lagos and New Nigeria Bank.
He then went to Côte d'Ivoire, where he played for Stade Abidjan and Africa Sport with the latter club, winning the national championship and the Cup of the country, after which he moved to Europe.
Steven Kesha's first European club was Lokeren, which played in the second strongest division in Belgium.
The following season, he moved to Anderlecht from the top flight, where he played for four seasons.
With Anderlecht, he won the Belgian championship in the 1990/91 season, two runners-up (1988/89, 1989/90) and two Belgian Cup winners in 1988 and 1989.
He played for Anderlecht in the UEFA Champions League.
From 1991 to 1993 he played two seasons for Strasbourg.
The first season in the second strongest division, where Strasbourg became the winner, and the second season in the top division.
Keshi then returned to Belgium, where he played one season for Molenbeek in the top flight.
From 1995 to 1996, he played in the United States for semi-professional clubs from California CCV Hydra and Sacramento Scorpions.
He finished his playing career in Malaysia with Perlis FA.
The former defender then went to work as Mali's national coach.
But another poor performance at the Africa Cup of Nations led to Keshi's dismissal.
On 2 November 2011, he was appointed head coach of his native Nigeria.
He succeeded his former teammate Samson Siasia.
On 16 November 2013, he and his country qualified for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
After a string of disappointing results, he was sacked by the Nigerian Football Association in mid-October.
Keshi died of a heart attack on 7 June 2016 in Benin City, Nigeria, aged 54.
Meiringen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
The Landnámabók claims that Arnarson left modern-day Norway after becoming involved in a blood feud.
He had heard about an island that Garðar Svavarsson, Flóki Vilgerðarson and others found while sailing in the Atlantic ocean.
With his step-brother, Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson, he sailed for Iceland.
When land was in sight, he threw his high seat pillars overboard and promised to settle where the gods decided to bring them ashore.
Two of his slaves then searched the coasts for three years before finding the pillars in the small bay which eventually became Reykjavík.
Rahul Dravid is one of the best wicket keepers of his time.
His performances in wicket keeping are as follows: Catches\Stumpings in Test Cricket: 210\0, ODIs: 196\14.
His best batting score in a single inning of the Test match is 270 runs.
His best batting score in ODI is 153.
His best bowling performances are Test cricket-1/18, One day International-2/43.
The following is a simple example of this type of file.
The example has three columns (labeled 'name', 'age', and 'favorite color'), and four rows (including the header line at the top).
With a population of 9,772, Ussel has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The 2016 Nice attack happened on 14 July 2016 in Nice, France.
A man drove a truck into people celebrating Bastille Day, the national day of France.
He killed 86 people during the incident.
Gunfire was reported; at first, people thought it was fireworks.
China has one time zone.
It is officially called China Standard Time (CST).
It is 8 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time ().
The capital of China is Beijing.
It is at about 116° east.
The visual sun time for Beijing is UTC+7:45:32.
The time zone UTC+08:00 matches the visual sun time for 120° east.
Xinjiang (East Turkestan) unofficially uses .
Many locations north and south of Xinjiang use this time zone.
The UTC+08:00 time zone is also used in Taiwan.
However, because of political reasons it is usually called Taipei Time or Taiwan Time.
Some people say that (except for 112 – 128° E) the usage of was harmful.
China should have five time zones.
A Holding company is a company, which has the purpose of owning stock (or shares) of other companies.
In most cases, such companies do not sell products or services, they manage the companies they (partly) own.
Probably one of the best known holding companies was the Standard Oil of New Jersey, founded in 1889, which is called ExxonMobil today.
Some animals have periods of torpor every day, including hummingbirds.
Burnside's plan, approved by Lincoln, was to move the army south to attack Richmond.
He decided to move via Fredericksburg.
That way he could depend on the Union Navy to keep him supplied instead of overland supply which could be attacked by Confederate cavalry.
He would also sidestep the Confederate army and get between them and Richmond.
His main base was the landing at Aquia Creek.
His plan was to use pontoon bridges to cross the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg.
But the pontoon bridges were two weeks late in arriving.
So the Army of the Potomac sat across the river and waited.
This delay gave Lee ample time to gather his forces to oppose Burnside, who had now lost the advantage of surprise.
During the early morning hours on December 11, soldiers assembled the pontoon bridges so the army could cross.
The confederates fired on them causing delays in completing the bridges.
Burnside's 150 artillery pieces opened fire from Stafford Heights.
The shells did extensive damage to the town but did not drive off the Confederates.
Finally the bridges were completed late that evening.
More than 120,000 Union troops poured across the bridges into Fredericksburg.
Lee continued to give token resistance to allow General Stonewall Jackson's corps time to get in place and complete a Confederate line some three miles long.
On December 12, the morning was cold and foggy.
Burnside sent more troops into the town but did nothing to organize an attack.
Instead, his men wasted the day looting and vandalizing houses and shops.
The Battle of Rappahannock River was fought on the river during the War of 1812.
Seventeen British boats filled with hundreds of marines and sailors captured four American privateers.
On May 30, 2013, the Korean and Chinese versions of the music video of Wolf were released, EXO sings the song for the first time in M!Countdown of Mnet.
Both versions of the song were released to their download on June 3, 2013 and on the same day, two physical formats of the album XOXO were also released in South Korea: Kiss Korean edition and Hug in Mandarin edition.
After a performance in Inkigayo of SBS on June 3, 2013, EXO visited and thanked 2,000 fansho had been waiting in a nearby park to meet them.
The premiere of the Mandarin version of the song was broadcast on a popular Chinese variety show Happy Camp in mid-June.
The Show () is a South Korean music program aired by SBS MTV.
EXO won twice on The Show with Call Me Baby and Love Me Right.
Show Champion is a South Korean music program aired by MBC Music.
EXO has won 17 times (one with EXO-K) as of 2017, including three songs achieving Triple Crown awards, Growl, Call Me Baby and Love Me Right.
M!Countdown is a South Korean music program broadcast by Mnet.
EXO has won 21 times (2 times with EXO-K) as of 2017, including five songs achieving Triple Crown awards; Growl, Miracles in December, Call Me Baby, Monster, and Ko Ko Bop.
Lékoumou is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the south.
Its capital is Sibiti.
Plateaux is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the center.
Its capital is Djambala.
Note: There are 128 episodes in total.
115 have aired but 15 are unreleased.
000 production codes.
On March 16, 2018, the series has been renewed to a 10th season with 4 episodes.
This is the last season with 22 minute episodes.
While used mostly by the Union army, rifled guns were still a new idea and were not very popular among artillery officers or field commanders.
Rifled guns were designated by the diameter of the bore of the barrel in inches.
In 1860, the Ordnance Board recommended that half of the existing bronze smoothbore cannons be rifled.
But this weakened the cannons to the point they could not stand the strain of firing.
So the experiment quickly ended.
Ordinarily the barrels of smoothbore cannons only lasted about 500 rounds before having to be replaced.
Rifled barrels proved to last much longer in field use.
The British-made Armstrong and Whitworth guns were good weapons but there were not enough of them to have any major effect on the war.
A problem with the rifled guns was they fired too far for the gunners to accurately see to range their targets.
When artillery observers and balloons were used for artillery spotting, this increased the accuracy of the rifled guns.
Training artillery crews in the use of rifled guns took longer and was more difficult.
General George McClellan was among the Union officers who felt that the American terrain was not well suited for the very long range of these weapons.
Jefferson Davis, the Confederate President was of the same opinion.
All these factors contributed to the slow acceptance of rifled cannon.
Jacqueline said she feels deeply honored to share her name with someone her mother looked up to for her courage, intelligence and contributions to global culture.
Growing up, she learned about Jackie Kennedy's influence and presence on the world stage.
Cheap Thrills is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Sia.
It was recorded for her seventh studio album, This Is Acting, after it was rejected by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.
On February 11, 2016, the song was released as a remix with Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul.
Levi's Stadium is a stadium in Santa Clara, California.
The San Francisco 49ers play there.
Some of the earliest muzzleloaders were matchlocks.
The matchlock, named for its firing mechanism, was the first invention that made it possible to keep both hands on the weapon and at the same time keep the shooter's eyes on the target.
The design allowed a cloth or stick with a flame on the end—called a match—to be lowered into a flashpan filled with gunpowder which ignited the main charge, firing the gun.
Matchlocks appeared in Europe in about 1400.
The matchlock mechanism was used to produce muskets.
The gun barrels were smooth inside and used round ball ammunition.
Those who used muskets were called musketeers.
Very few pistols used this design but some shotguns from this period were matchlocks.
It took another 200 years to improve on the matchlock.
Marin le Bourgeoys, a Frenchman is credited with inventing the Flintlock mechanism sometime in the 1620s.
He was variously an artist, a crossbow maker and a gunsmith (harquebuzier).
From 1660 to 1840, flintlock muzzleloading rifles and pistols were used by every European and American army.
It produced a spark by a flint striking steel producing a spark and igniting the priming powder.
By covering the priming powder until the gun was fired, it would usually work even in windy or damp weather.
In 1722, the British Army called for a standard pattern of muzzleloading flintlock musket.
The resulting model and its variants were called the Brown Bess.
It remained in service until the 1830s.
In 1869, the centerfire cartridge was invented.
It worked only in breech-loading weapons and together they quickly replaced the muzzleloader in common use.
Meessen De Clercq is a contemporary art gallery in Brussels, Belgium.
The gallery is in an old building with three floors.
The Province of Tocopilla () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II).
The provincial capital is Tocopilla.
The first firearms can be dated to about the 1200s in China.
In Europe, the first gun barrels were made by p Italian craftsmen.
But gunsmithing was new in the Middle Ages.
For a long time they did not have their own guilds and many joined blacksmiths’ guilds.
By the mid-1400s, there were enough gunsmiths to form their own guilds.
One of the first was in 1463 in Suhl, Germany.
England did not develop gunsmiths as quickly as other European countries and to change this, King Henry VIII invited leading gunsmiths in Europe to come live and work in England.
Many accepted and not long afterwards more gun shops began appearing in England.
Several appeared in London near the Tower of London, which held the country's stockpile of guns.
Soon they were training English citizens in this new trade.
Ashton Gate Stadium is the home of Bristol City F.C.
and the Bristol Bears RFC.
With a population of 6,155, Confolens has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Haider organized protests against war criminals from the 1971 war.
He also spoke against the fundamentalist Islamist political party Jamaat-e-Islami.
Bonya met Avijit through their writing on Mukto-Mona, the first online platform for Bengali speaking freethinkers, atheists, and secular bloggers and writers founded by Avijit.
This group started the first celebration of Darwin Day in Bangladesh.
Mukto-Mona was internationally recognized in 2015 and received The BOBS jury award.
In 1717, the original Charleville flintlock musket was made for the French military.
This became the first standard flintlock musket to be issued to all troops.
While it is more correctly called a French infantry musket or a French pattern musket, these muskets later became known as Charleville muskets.
They were named after the armory in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes, France.
The standard French infantry musket was also produced at Tulle, St.
Etienne, Maubeuge Arsenal, and other sites.
While technically not the correct name for these muskets, the use of the name Charleville dates back to the U.S.
Revolutionary War, when Americans tended to refer to all of the musket models as Charlevilles.
It should be noted that the naming of these muskets is not consistent.
Some references only refer to Model 1763 and later versions as Charleville flint lock muskets, while other references refer to all models as the Charleville.
At this point in the siege, Lee's army had strengthened the Petersburg line.
They dug breastworks out of rifle pits.
At night, with pick and shovel, they then turned the breastworks into deep trenches.
Pointed stakes turned outwards were designed to break up any frontal attacks.
The area between the two lines became a no man's land.
The summer that year was hot and dry.
Streams and springs were quickly drying up causing a water shortage on both sides.
The siege was quickly becoming a stalemate.
The XII Magallanes Region () is one of the fifteen regions of Chile.
It has four provinces.
The capital city of the region is Punta Arenas.
Other towns are Puerto Natales, Porvenir and Puerto Williams.
Île d'Oléron () is an island and canton in the Atlantic coast of France (to the west of Rochefort).
It is the second largest island of Metropolitan France, after Corsica.
The capital, and largest town, is Saint-Pierre-d'Oléron; it is in the centre of the island.
United States of America Mathematical Olympiad, or USAMO, is a highly selective (only very good people take it) mathematics competition that takes place in the United States.
The first USAMO was in 1972.
It is the final round of the AMC series of contests.
The United States of America Junior Mathematical Olympiad (USAJMO) was created in 2010 to recognize top scorers based on their AMC10-based index (score).
Qualifying for the USAMO is considered one of the most prestigious, or best, awards for high school students in the United States, with only 264 students qualifying in 2013 out of over 350,000 students competing.
Top scorers on the USAMO are invited to the Mathematical Olympiad Summer Program to represent the United States at the International Mathematical Olympiad.
Ghasem Rezaei (Persian: قاسم رضايى‎‎, born August 18, 1985 in Amol) is an Iranian wrestler from Mazandaran Province of Iran.
Bümpliz is a quarter of the city of Bern in Switzerland.
This article is about the ethnic minorities in Azerbaijan.
Although more than 91% of the people are ethnic Azerbaijanis, Azerbaijan has many ethnic minorities including Russians, Ukrainians, Georgians, Jews and other minorities.
However, the numbers of most of these ethnic minorities are small.
Waterloo International Airport is an airport in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
Having had command of the Army of the Potomac for only three days, and having to deal with a Confederate army which had already invaded Pennsylvania, Meade quickly reorganized his forces.
He moved the army towards Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to stop Robert E.
Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
It was opened on 12 March 1988.
In March 2009, the UKRC announced Dame Linda was one of six Women of Outstanding Achievement in Science, Engineering and Technology.
She was awarded Foreign Honorary Membership from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2010.
The Hayflick limit (or Hayflick phenomenon) is a phenomenon of cell division in tissue culture.
It is the number of times a normal human cell population divides until cell division stops.
To prove this, given an enumeration of elements from T, like e.g.
By construction, s differs from each s, since their n digits differ (highlighted in the example).
He assumes for contradiction that T was countable.
In that case, all its elements could be written as an enumeration s, s, … , s, … .
Applying the previous theorem to this enumeration would produce a sequence s not belonging to the enumeration.
Al-Awalqi was an assistant law professor at the University of Aden, where she worked on research and training on the status of women.
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Tunisia may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents.
Homosexuality is illegal in the Republic of Tunisia and the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples.
According to the 2013 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 93% of Tunisian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society.
On July 12th 2006, Hezbollah launched an attack against an Israeli division while it was patrolling along the border.
During this operation, later named Operation Truthful Promise, Hezbollah killed three Israelis and two were captured.
In addition to the first three casualties, five other Israeli fighters were killed due to a Hezbollah anti-tank mine while trying to rescue their colleagues.
Hezbollah hoped for the exchange of Palestinian and Arab prisoners held by Israel in return for the captured Israeli soldiers.
Israel responded to this attack with a bombardment of artillery and airstrikes on Hezbollah targets and began a ground invasion of southern Lebanon.
Only few hours after the initial Hezbollah attack, Israeli authorities decided to retaliate and launched the Operation Change of Direction.
This bombing not only targeted military objectives but also civilian ones.
Israel bombed South Lebanon villages, as well as numerous building blocks in the South of Beirut.
One of the most significant of these attacks was the bombing of the Beirut airport, which killed 44 civilians.
Early in the hours of the next day, Israeli forces conducted Operation Density, an aerial attack lasting 34 minutes that wiped out much of Hezbollah's missile and rocket supply, though Israeli reports often exaggerated the toll.
Much of the war was conducted in the air, with the Israeli Air Force flying 11,897 missions in total and the Israeli artillery firing 170,000 shells.
These were unprecedented numbers for the military.
On the ground, Hezbollah fighters were able to resist Israeli offensives.
Indeed the IDF found itself unable to take Lebanese cities facing well-organized Hezbollah militias.
The Hezbollah was able to face the Israeli army through the use of guerrilla tactics.
Grbić was born in Klek in Socialist Republic of Serbia, Yugoslavia.
He is Nikola Grbić's brother.
He is a member of the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
Judy Martz was born on July 28, 1943 in Big Timber, Montana.
She graduated from Butte High School in 1961.
She also attended Eastern Montana College.
In Sant'Agostino, the river turns to the southwest and passes west of Bologna, at Casalecchio di Reno.
Fatih Terim (born 4 September 1953) is a Turkish football manager.
He managed the Turkey national football team from 2013 to 2017.
Pietro Martorana (1705 – 1759), was an Italian painter.
He was a member of a family of artists from Palermo.
He was one of the main representatives of the classic late Baroque painting in Sicily.
The communes that are around Aubusson are Blessac, Alleyrat, Saint-Maixant, Saint-Amand, Saint-Alpinien , Saint-Pardoux-le-Neuf, Moutier-Rozeille, Saint-Quentin-la-Chabanne and Saint-Marc-à-Frongier.
The commune of Aubusson has a population, in 2014, of 3,591; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
During World War II, allied field hospitals were mobile.
They usually held about 400 beds while the more stationary evacuation hospitals could be 400 or 750 bed hospitals.
The mobile hospitals would arrive within days after an invasion and would move with the armies, always remaining a few miles behind the front lines.
They usually used canvas tents but would also use any buildings in the area when available.
When the field hospital was about to move, they stopped accepting casualties and sent those they had to other field hospitals.
They then packed their tents and equipment onto trucks and moved to the new location.
Within a few hours they were ready to accept wounded soldiers again.
In September 1966, BMC merged with Jaguar Cars Limited.
Blackmail is the act of threatening to reveal information about a person or group unless a specific demand is met.
The word tirthankara signifies the founder of a tirtha which means a fordable passage across the sea of repeated births and deaths (called saṃsāra).
The commune is bordered on the north by the Putaendo commune, on the east by the Santa María commune, on the southeast by the Los Andes and Rinconada communes of the Los Andes province, on the south by the Panquehue commune, and on the west by the Catemu commune.
Different people will hear different sounds from tinnitus but how they hear it can also be different.
Tinnitus can be loud or quiet and it can be continuous or occasional and some people will not notice their tinnitus but some people become very annoyed from it, especially when they feel tired or stressed.
Since 1982, Prejean has ministered to many other inmates on death row, and has witnessed several more executions.
She served as National Chairperson of the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty from 1993 to 1995.
The commune is bordered on the north and northeast by the San Esteban commune, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Calle Larga commune, on the southwest by the Rinconada commune and on the west and northwest by the San Felipe commune.
Rizal Park (Liwasang Park in Tagalog) is a historical urban park in the Philippines.
It is one of the largest urban parks in Asia.
Visitors can take a boat from Changi Point Ferry Terminal.
It takes 10 minutes to reach Pulau Ubin.
The first hearing aids were called ear trumpets and were large funnel-shaped devices that were mostly made out of metal, animal horns, wood and even snail shells.
People would hold them to their ear when they needed to use it to hear.
These hearing aids did not make sound louder but collected sound and directed it into the ear which made the sound energy stronger when it hits the ear drum.
Ear trumpets worked by capturing more sound for users, so the best way to make them work was for others to speak into the opening of the trumpet.
When used in more public places such as concerts, the ear trumpet would not be as effective.
Background noise could not be blocked and would enter the trumpet along with the sounds that the user is trying to focus on.
April 1987 Fengning Manchu Autonomous County officially listed.
His experience in prison was described in Prison & Beyond, a book of poetry released in 1986.
It won the Southeast Asia WRITE award for the Philippines.
Beromünster is a municipality in Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Neuenkirch is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
An example of permanent neutrality would be the Vatican City.
It declared itself permanently neutral in the 1929 Lateran Treaty.
Triengen is a municipality of the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
A growth medium or culture medium is a solid or liquid containing nutrients.
It is designed to support the growth of microorganisms or cells, or small plants like moss.
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 8.75 cubic metres per second at Pégomas, near Cannes.
Kyd is the author of The Spanish Tragedy.
It was the most popular play of the time and many playwrights imitated it.
A character in The Spanish Tragedy likely influenced Shakespeare when writing Hamlet.
Kyd was one of the first users of blank verse in English literature.
In real poems lines have often an extra syllable at the end and sometimes lack the first unaccented syllable.
A line can be divided in five units that are called feet.
The unit x / is called an iamb or iambic foot.
Sometimes the pattern is changed.
First foot can be reversed: / x x / x / x / x /.
Dramatic monologues are usually written in blank verse.
Good examples are Tennyson's St Simeon Stylites and Ulysses or Browning's The Ring and the Book.
Robert Frost wrote similar poems in the United States.
At the start of the war a small number of officers and men left the service to join the Confederacy and formed the core of the Confederate Revenue Marine.
Six cutters had been seized by Confederate forces while in Southern ports.
The Harriet Lane was temporarily transferred to the Union Navy.
President Abraham Lincoln requested the Navy to transfer a number of ships to the Revenue Cutter Service, however no records show if any were actually transferred.
During the remainder of the war, Revenue cutters protected Northern shipping and assisted the Navy in blockading Southern ports.
The cutter Harriet Lane fired the first shots of the Civil War from a ship.
But in 1863, in a battle with the Confederate Army and Navy, the Harriet Lane was captured and nearly all the crew members were killed.
Anil Kumble (full name:Anil Radhakrishna Kumble)is a retired Indian cricketer who captained Indian national cricket team for a few matches.Anil Kumble is a right arm leg spin bowler.One of the best bowler in world cricket.
Anil Kumble was born in Bangalore,Karnataka to Krishnaswamy and Saroja.Anil Kumble has a brother named Dinesh Kumble.Kumble studied his studies in Holy Saint English School.He started playing cricket in streets in Bangalore.Kumble completed B.E in Rashtriya Vidhyalaya College of Engineering in 1991-92.
Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom will vote in this semi-final.
France, Germany and Ukraine will vote in this semi-final.
These five countries are directly qualified for the final.
Ukraine, as the host country, will also be performing directly in the Grand Final.
The European Clarinet Association is association that assembles clarinetists from various European countries.
Luthern is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
But in a press release on June 20, 2007, UNESCO said again that it has no link with the private initiative.
The Esociform fishes live in freshwater, in North America and northern Eurasia.
Cadmium nitrate is an inorganic compound.
The general formula of the compound is Cd(NO).
Cadmium nitrate is used for colouring glass and porcelain.
It is also used as flash powder in photography.
A parabolic trough is similar to a solar panel tower, because it has parabolic mirrors that collect large amounts of heat which is reflected on water-filled pipes .
Willisau is a town of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.
Neutrality was broken when Confederate General Leonidas Polk occupied Columbus, Kentucky, in the summer of 1861.
This caused Kentucky to call for Northern aid to repel the Confederate invaders.
Union General Ulysses S.
Grant, who was waiting across the Ohio River in Illinois, moved to occupy Paducah and Southland, Kentucky.
Polk's blunder cost the Confederacy any chance of getting Kentucky to join them.
The occupied areas gave the Union a tremendous advantage in both Kentucky and Tennessee.
During the war, about 35,000 men from Kentucky joined the Confederacy.
Those who joined the Union army totaled about 74,000, including about 24,000 African Americans.
The National Hurricane Center began monitoring a tropical wave that would later become Gamma around November 11, but the system did not develop into a tropical depression until after it had passed the Lesser Antilles on November 13.
At that time, the storm was called Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven and was predicted to strengthen into a strong tropical storm or a weak hurricane as it moved across the Caribbean Sea.
However, a second system developing in the southwestern edge of the Caribbean began pushing wind shear onto the depression on November 14, then weakening the depression into a tropical low; advisories were then temporarily stopped.
On later reanalysis, it was found that the depression had probably become a tropical storm by November 15 at 0600 UTC for less than 6 hours, but was not named during the time.
With their small size they weigh between 0.8 to 1 pound in adulthood.
Usually once a male has reached maturity, they become territorial and do not tolerate other males.
This is why their social life is described as solitary, although they are known to be able to live among females of their species.
In captivity the lifespan of the pygmy slow loris may be 20 years.
Turbay was born in a poor neighborhood on June 18, 1916.
His father, Antonio Amín Turbay, was a businessman who emigrated from Tannourine, Lebanon.
His Democratic Party stood for a smaller simpler government that did not involve itself in the economy or in regulating business.
They opposed religious intrusion into government, especially in the forms of temperance, abolitionism and in officially keeping the Sabbath.
Jackson and his Democrats wanted to keep government spending to a minimum.
iOS 10 supports Xserve.
Liddes is a municipality of the district Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Orsières is a municipality of the district of Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The Karjala Cup was played between 5–8 November 2015.
Five of the matches were played in Helsinki, Finland, and one match in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden.
Tournament was won by Sweden.
The Channel One Cup was played between 17–20 December 2015.
Five of the matches were played in Russia, and one match in Czech Republic.
Tournament was won by Czech Republic.
Eva Vik (born Eva Doležalová May 5, 1991) is a Czech filmmaker, film director, screenwriter, and producer, represented by Ridley Scott Creative Group worldwide.
She is known for films such as Serpentine (2023), Raven (2022) and Carte Blanche (2019).
She has been recognised with numerous film awards for her rapidly rising career including the Breakout Director's Award at the Hollywood Film Festival, the Audience Award and the Best Genre Award at the Mammoth Film Festival, and the Best Director at ISA.
She was also awarded at Centre Pompidou for her Transformational Trilogy Sounds of Sun, Somnio, Samice in 2019.
Moreover, her most recent film Serpentine(2023) has also been nominated for the X award at the Tribeca Film Festival.
In 2021, Forbes magazine had also ranked Eva Vik among the 30 most influential people under 30.
Vollèges was a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.
Blitzingen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The South African Border War refers to the conflict that took place from 1966 to 1990 primarily in South West Africa (now Namibia) between South Africa on one side and the South-West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO) and its allies on the other.
Curicó means, in Mapudungun, Land of Black Water.
Curicó was founded on 9 October 1743 by José Manso de Velasco when Chile was a Spanish colony with the name San José de Buena Vista.
Satyameva Jayate ( ; lit.
Truth alone triumphs).
is a mantra from the ancient Indian scripture Mundaka Upanishad.
Upon independence of India, it was adopted as the national motto of India.
He worked on the HIV.
The class are numbered 7201 - 7440.
Some have cast plates.
President-elect of the United States is the title used for an incoming president of the United States between the general election on Election Day in November and noon Eastern Standard Time on Inauguration Day, January 20.
During this time, the elected nominee is not in office yet.
The result was the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, a combination of the two titles though both were kept active by themselves (and thus keeping their own title histories), they were defended as one by one tag team.
The champions could appear on and defend the titles on any WWE brand.
Though eventually, on August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the history of the WWE Tag Team Championship following the introduction of new championship belts to then-champions David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd of The Hart Dynasty.
The champions continued to compete on any brand until the end of the brand extension in August, 2011.
However, WWE decided to bring back the brand split in July 2016.
During the draft for this, the champions at the time, The New Day, were chosen to wrestle on Raw.
This meant that SmackDown didn't have a tag team title.
So, SmackDown's general manager Daniel Bryan and commissioner Shane McMahon created the SmackDown Tag Team championship.
After this, the WWE Tag Team Championship was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship.
Total number of articles written in Malagasy Wikipedia is 82000+.
On July 30, De La Fuente filed a federal lawsuit against the new California law that says no one can be on a presidential primary ballot unless he or she reveals the last five years of federal income tax returns.
On August 6, 2019, he filed a brief on it.
Saint-Martin is a municipality of the district Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Black soldiers did not receive equal pay to the white soldiers.
They also did not receive the same treatment.
Their pay was $10 a month, less $3 for uniforms.
White soldiers received $13 a month and had no deductions for uniforms.
This was changed in June 1864 when Congress voted to grant black soldiers equal pay and made the change retroactive.
While black soldiers were allowed to fight for their country, they were not treated as equals to white soldiers.
Their units were racially segregated and were commanded by white officers.
Some of their officers had very low opinions of black soldiers and did not train them well.
In 1949, the automobile industry finally got back on its feet after World War II.
This same year General Motors, Cadillac and Oldsmobile introduced the integrated one-piece automobile body.
The process joined all the different parts of the body into one body shell.
Cars produced during this period concentrated on safety.
Cars were big during this time.
But in the late 1960s carmakers tried to market much smaller cars.
The attempts by General Motors, Chrysler and Ford were all marketing failures.
Instead, what sold was the performance car.
Cars like the Ford Mustang and the Plymouth Barracuda were very successful.
During the late 1950s, many smaller countries began producing cars.
Both India and Iran were making cars from about 1959.
The first Indian car design from 1950 was very similar to the Opel Kapitän.
The first Iranian cars were very similar to several American cars.
Both were designed in the United Kingdom.
On November 30, 2016 it was announced that Mnuchin would be nominated as Secretary of the Treasury in the coming administration of President-elect Donald Trump.
Further, Todorčević is known for his the side-condition method in set-theoretic forcing, the invention and development of walks on ordinals and their characteristics, and other research that bridge between different areas of mathematics.
On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mase, Nax and Vernamiège merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
HSUS opposes cruelty against animals used for food.
The Var flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department for most of its length; it flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department for a short distance, about .
The Pukhrayan train derailment was an accident that happened on 20 November 2016 in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The Indore-Rajendra Nagar express derailed in the place of Pukhrayan, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh.It has resulted in 140 deaths and 200+ injuries.
SVA763 (Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B) departed from Delhi International Airport to Dhahran at 18:35.
KZA1907 (Kazakhstan Airlines Illyushin II-76) was descending to Delhi airport at the same time.
Both flights were controlled by VK Dutta.
KZA1907 was cleared to descend 15,000 feet altitude, whereas SVA763 was cleared to climb to 14,000feet.
After 8 min, KZA1907 reported that they reached 15000 ft altitude, but they were descending to 14,500 ft at that time and were continuing the descent.
Not noticing it, soon the KZA1907's tail cut through SVA763's left wing.
SVA763 lost control and hit the ground at 1135 kmph.
The Ilyushin remained structurally intact as it went in a steady but fast and uncontrolled descent until it crashed in a field.
In the end, all 312 people on board SVA763 and all 37 people on KZA1907 were killed.
The crash was investigated by the Lahoti Commission, headed by then-Delhi High Court judge Ramesh Chandra Lahoti.
The flight data recorders were decoded by Kazakhstan Airlines and Saudi Airlines under the supervision of air crash investigators in Moscow and Farnborough, England, respectively.
This was not a new concept.
The Americans had been successful using commerce raiding against British merchant ships during the American Revolutionary War.
Outgunned by the Union Navy they realized building lighter and faster cruisers would allow them to outrun the larger warships and go after the slower and usually unarmed merchant ships.
Because the South had little shipbuilding capacity, they had these ships built in Great Britain.
This was technically illegal, since Great Britain was a neutral country.
So these ships had to be built in secret.
Martigny-Combe is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The poem tells about an ancient hero, Viriatus.
He was a warrior from Lusitania (old Portugal).
He was famous for his struggle for independence against the Romans.
He was invincible in any battle.
As the Romans could not defeat him in the open field, the decided to get rid of him by an unlawful deed.
Viriatus was assasinated in his sleep.
The Western Boro dialects are spoken in the districts of Kokrajhar and Bongaigaon.
The Eastern Bodo dialects are found mainly in the districts of Barpeta, Nalbari and Kamrup and some parts of Darrang.
The Western Boro dialect has gained the status of a standard dialect.
It has also developed a written form.
The variations between these two dialect groups are mainly phonological and lexical.
Alappuzha is famous for Snake boat races, especially the Nehru Trophy Boat Race.
Games of cricket, football and basketball are also popular in the city.
The Kerala Backwaters of Alappuzha are the most popular tourist attraction in Kerala.
Puducherry district's total population according to the 2011 census is 946,600.It is said that the population roughly equals that of Fiji and US state of Delaware.
Literacy rate - 86.13% and Sex ratio is 1031 per 1000 males.
The Thanjavur district's total population is 2,405,890 according to Census of 2011.
Literacy rate is 74.44%.
The sex ratio is 1035 per 1000 males.Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes consist of 18.91% and 0.15% of the population respectively.
Cuddalore district is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu, South India.
Cuddalore city is the headquarters of the Cuddalore district.
It was the mostly affected district in the 2015 South Indian floods along with Chennai district.
Cuddalore is on the sea shore, so most of the cyclones affecting Tamil Nadu hit this district.
The district area is 3,564km².
It is bounded on the north by Viluppuram District, on the east by the Bay of Bengal, on the south by Nagapattinam District, and on the west by Perambalur District.
The district is drained by Gadilam River and Pennaiyar River in the north, Vellar River and Kollidam River in south.
In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Cuddalore one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of Districts of 640).
It is one of the six districts in Tamil Nadu currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
A form-based interface is a kind of user interface.
In it, the user interacts with the application by selecting one of a number of possible values, and by entering text into the fields that accept it.
A word processor which is used to write documents, might offer settings for the font size, the font to use, and the alignment of the paragraph on the page.
Many databases support a technology called query by example: Users who do not know SQL can easily select database records which are similar to the information entered.
Dumbarton was the capital of the ancient Kingdom of Alclud, and later the county town of Dunbartonshire.
On 8 November 2015, during the 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, a low pressure area consolidated into a depression and slowly intensified into a deep depression before crossing the coast of Tamil Nadu near Puducherry the following day.On 15 November, well-marked low pressure area moved northwards along the Tamil Nadu coast, dropping huge amounts of rainfall over coastal Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh with 24‑hour totals peaking at 370 mm in Ponneri.
Chennai International Airport recorded 266 mm of rainfall in 24 hours.
On 28–29 November, another system developed and arrived over Tamil Nadu on 30 November, bringing additional rain and flooding.
The system dropped 490 mm of rainfall at Tambaram in 24 hours starting 8:30 am on 1 December.
Very heavy rains led to flooding across the entire stretch of coast from Chennai to Cuddalore.
On 5 December, the territorial government announced that nearly 9,000 hectares of paddy fields had been damaged by torrential rainfall, including 4,420 hectares of paddy fields in Puducherry,4,248.34 hectares in Karaikal and 287.15 hectares in Yanam.
The government also reported 1,544 hectares of sugercane fields under cultivation had been damaged, along with 297.73 hectares of plantains, 231.9 hectares of tapioca and related tubers, 168.10 hectares of vegetable fields and eight hectares under betel-leaf cultivation.
Proposed compensation rates would be as follows: per hectare for betel-leaf losses, ) per hectare for plantains, ) per hectare for paddy fields and ) per hectare for losses of vegetables, tapioca, tubers and sugercane.
Compensation scales had also been set for losses of cotton, lentils and flowers.
The river is almost stagnant except during the rain season.
Rapid industrialisation and urbanisation has led to severe contamination of this river.
However, the river gets just 10 per cent of the untreated sewage being let into the three principle waterways of Chennai daily, with the other two, namely, the Buckingham Canal and the Cooum River, taking the major share (60 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively).
Addition and Division can also have their own tables.
Similarly, Subtraction can also have its own table, although it is not commonly used.
A magistrate is a law officer who administers the law in a court.
The term varies in its use in different countries.
“Ta Moko means tattoo art in Maori.
Boys start to be tattooed around adolescence but we don’t know when women start to be tattooed.
Turkish Airlines Flight 981 was a regular flight operated by Turkish Airlines, from Istanbul to London Heathrow, with a stopover in Paris.
On 3 March, 1974, the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 operating the flight suffered an explosive decompression and crashed into the Ermenonville Forest, shortly after it had left Paris.
All 346 people on board were killed in the accident.
An investigation after the crash found out that one of the cargo doors at the rear of the aircraft was not properly closed and secured.
After takeoff, part of the door broke off and caused an explosion in the rear of the aircraft.
The explosion also damaged cables needed to fly the aircraft.
This meant that after the explosion, the aircraft was uncontrollable.
Ries became known for a work on how to calculate.
His first work was about a calculating board, which was widely used at the time.
It worked rather like an abacus.
Ries showed that Roman numerals were impractical for calculation.
2.
whoever as prisoner-sergeant, as prisoner-corporal or as foreman exceeds the powers as Ordnungsmann, assumes the rights of a superior with respect to other prisoners, maneuvers preferred work or any other advantage for politically like-minded prisoners, bullies politically otherwise-minded fellow prisoners, makes false reports about them or in some way discriminates.
Whoever in the camp, at work, in the barracks, in kitchens and workshops, lavatories and rest areas, for the purpose of agitating, politicizes, gives provocative speeches, meets with others for this purpose, forms cliques, or gads about, gathers true or untrue news to further the goals of the opposition's atrocity-propaganda [sic] about the concentration camp or its institutions, receives, buries, passes along to foreign visitors or others, smuggles outside the camp using a secret message or other means, in writing or verbally gives released or transferred [prisoners], hides in articles of clothing or other items, using rocks, etc.
throws over the camp wall, or draws up ciphers; moreover, whoever for the purpose of inciting, climbs up on barracks roofs or trees, gives or seeks connection outside [the camp] through light signals or other means, or whoever induces others to escape or commit a crime, and to this end, gives advice or supports through other means, by dint of revolutionary justice, will be hanged as an agitator!
Whoever after the onset of curfew moves outside his quarters, forms a crowd with others, on the order of an SS man does not disperse at once, after the onset of the alarm does not immediately seek out his own quarters or during an extended alarm leave the station or the windows open [sic], will be shot at by the nearest SS man or guard.
Hard time will be carried out in a cell with a hard bed and bread and water.
Every 4th day, the inmate will receive a warm meal.
Punitive labor involves hard physical or particularly dirty work, which will be carried out under special supervision.
On March 29, 2019, it was officially made public by the Trump administration that McMahon would be stepping down as the Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
The resignation took effect on April 12, 2019.
À Pátria, ao mundo, à Eternidade canto.
Terza rima occurs in sonnets.
Sonnets are often composed of two quatrains and two terza rimas, for example abba abba cdc dcd.
This scheme can be found in many Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sonnets.
This sonnet by the 16th century Portuguese poet Francisco de Sá de Miranda is a good example.
Usually terza rimas are linked to each other making long chain-like sequences.
There is an extra line at the end of the sequence.
The scheme of rhymes is: aba bcb cdc ded...
xyx yzy z.
Terza rimas are suitable for long poems.
The best known example is The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri.
Perhaps every child in Italy knows these lines by heart.
Percy Bysshe Shelley invented a sonnet built of fout terza rimas and a couplet.
It rhymes aba bcb cdc ded ee.
Shelley used it in Ode to the Western Wind.
It consists of five sonnets.
Let us look at the first one.
Sic semper tyrannis is a Latin phrase attributed to Marcus Junius Brutus, one of the people who assassinated Julius Caesar.
It can be translated as Thus always to tyrants.
John Wilkes Booth is believed to have said the phrase after assassinating Abraham Lincoln.
The poem is full of quotations from classic works of world literature.
Eliot makes allusions to Geoffrey Chaucer, William Shakespeare, Oliver Goldsmith, Ovid, Charles Baudelaire, Gerard de Nerval and Thomas Kyd.
He uses different sources of inspiration, including both Christianity and Buddhism.
The story is based on the Christian legend of the search for the Holy Grail.
The poem ends with the Sanskrit words Datta.
Dayadhvam.
Damyata.
/ Shantih shantih shantih.
In sailing, a full-rigged brig is a vessel with two square rigged masts (called the fore and main).
The main mast of a brig is the aft (rear) one.
To improve maneuverability, the mainmast carries a small (gaff rigged) fore-and-aft sail.
Glyfada is a district in southern Athens and a famous coastal resort.
Boats may be sailed using a jib alone.
More commonly jib(s) make a minor direct contribution to moving the boat, compared to a mainsail.
Generally, a jib's most important function is as an airfoil, increasing performance and overall stability of the mainsail.
The aircraft was an Avro RJ85, registration CP-2933, which made its first flight on March 26, 1999.
After being in service with other airlines and going through a storage period between 2010 and 2013, it was acquired by LaMia.
The company had a fleet of three RJ85s, but at the time of the accident, the CP-2933 was the only aircraft of the company that could fly.
The Vrbas (Врбас) is a river in the western part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It is one of the larger tributaries of river Sava.
The Vrbas is about 250 km long.
The drainage basin is around 6273 km.
The average flow at the mouth is 114 m/s.
In 1950 there were eight watermills in the Bosanke and Vodalke river basins.
It was create by Morane-Saulnier and after built by SOCATA.
A military light attack version is known as Rallye 235 Guerrier.
Hercules is an American 2014 action-adventure-fantasy film.
Directed by Brett Ratner, it stars Dwayne Johnson, Ian McShane, Rufus Sewell and John Hurt and is based off the graphic novel Hercules: The Thracian Wars.
It was released on July 25, 2014 and was one of two movies released in 2014 which were about the mythical warrior, the other being The Legend of Hercules; unlike the former, this film gained mixed to positive critical reviews and was a box office success.
Vattaparai Falls is a waterfall in the district of Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu.
It is high.
It is in the forest region of Keeriparai, which is also known as Keerparai reserve forest near Bhoodhapandi village on the Pazhayar River.
By late 1961 produced the first four hydrogel contact lenses on a home-made apparatus built from children's building kit (Merkur).
All the glass tubing was also made by himself.
On Christmas afternoon he finally made a contact lens in his apparatus.
He tried the lenses in his own eyes.
He said that they were comfortable.
He built more new prototype machines using Merkur toys  with stronger motor taken from his gramophone.
With these devices he made 5,500 lenses.
There is evidence that the Hohokam lived here before 1150 AD.
They built their houses out of wattle and daub.
Later they used adobe and stone.
They vanished after about the mid-1400s.
They left almost no clues as to where they went or what happened to their civilization.
In Islam, the Devil is known as Iblīs (Arabic: إبليس‎‎), Shayṭān, (Arabic: شيطان‎‎, plural: شياطين shayāṭīn) or Shaitan.
His primary activity is to incite humans to commit evil and lead the wrong path through deception.
which is referred to as whispering into the hearts.
Progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP; or the Steele-Richardson-Olszewski syndrome, after the doctors who described it in 1963) is a degenerative disease involving the deterioration and death of specific volumes of the brain.
Males and females are affected the same equally and there is no racial, geographical or occupational predilection.
Approximately 6 people per 100,000 population have PSP.
The Foundation has been created in 2011.
The first scholarships have been given in 2014, in order to help students to go abroad.
Between October 2014 and June 2015, the Foundation works to develop the library.
The work is provided with a Prologue (Předzpěv).
This part is written in hexameter and pentameter.
The metre is shaped like Greek one.
It is based on length of vowels.
Tekin Akmansoy, who served in various theaters for many years, was one of the meddah traders.
Starting from 1974, Kayseri in the Kaynanalar Dizi has come to the forefront with the prospect of the awake businessman Nuri Kantar.
This character has been portrayed in the movies of Kaynalar and Neutral Gantar family as well as the series for many years.
When she was 10 years old, she went to the camera with Bilge Olgaç.
After a long break, he continued to work on movies and series.
The recognition of large audiences was made in 1992 by the headmen of the neighborhood.
Taçbaş is a professional tennis player, a part of art life.
In 1944, Cemal Reşit Rey and Ekrem Reşit Rey brothers started to work in the artistic circles of the Air Flight operation in İzmir.
One year later, he was involved in operas such as Journeys, Sweet Hard, Zırdeliler, Yaman Well, Platin Palas, the wife of Judge, and served at Muammer Karaca theater.
He stayed in Karaca Theater until 1956.
In 1952, he starred in Istanbul Stars with Muammer Karaca and stepped into the cinema.
Having spent 12 years in art life after marrying and placing in Bolu, the artist returned to the stage with the musical of Keşanlı Ali Destanı in Gülriz Sururi-Engin Cezzar Theater in 1965.
In 2017 the municipality had about 13,000 people.
As a main city, various roads connecting the other places.
In 1899, the company produced their now-famous Military & Police pistol.
It was a double-action which set a standard for modern revolvers.
It also introduced what has become a very popular caliber, the .38 S&W Special.
Anil Adhikari (; 30 May 1987 – 14 January 2017) was a Nepalese rapper.
He was better known by his stage name Yama Buddha.
He was a Nepalese hip hop artist, also known as NepHop.
He was known for his songs Mero Juttama, Saathi, Aaudaichu Ma, Footpath mero ghar and Yo prasanga, all in Nepali.
He began his career in 2007.
He was a presenter of the rap battle show Raw Barz.
He was born in the Eastern Development Region.
He lived in the United Kingdom with his wife.
The most famous book of Sergei Aman is Journalists (novel).
He published this novel in 2013.
Also he wrote the love story Nights after in the book “On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds.
New Medical Gazette (NMG) was established in 1992 in Moscow by a group of journalists (, Andrei Gusev and others; some of them had medical education and practical experience in health care).
Kendang or Gendang is a two-headed drum.
It is used by people from the Indonesian Archipelago.
Kendang is one of the first instruments used in the Gamelan ensembles of Javanese, Sundanese, and Balinese, the Kendang ensemble as well as various Kulintang ensembles in Indonesia.
It is made in many ways by different ethnic groups.
In Sundanese Gamelan, a minimum set consists of three drums.
Labial sounds are made with one or two lips.
Bilabial sounds are made with both lips.
Labiodental sounds are made with the lips and the teeth.
Almost always the top lip and the bottom teeth are used.
Linguolabial sounds are made by the tongue touching the top lip.
There are no linguolabial sounds in English.
After 1930, when it was an administrative county, governments changed the local system time and again.
At the moment Perthshire is split between Clackmannanshire, Perth and Kinross and Stirling.
Ordinary people stil call it Perthshire.
With a population of 3,682, Mauriac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Fondation IONIS (IONIS Foundation) is an non-profit organization created by IONIS Education Group, the first educational group in France.
It is to promote research and social diversity in France and in other countries.
With a population of 6,643, Saint-Flour has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Banggai cardinalfish (Pterapogon kauderni) (also known as the Kaudern's cardinalfish) is a cardinalfish native to the Banggai Islands in Indonesia.
Ni Yulan is a Chinese business lawyer.
In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.
She may have been a vicious female serial killer.
It is impossible to know what part of her story is fact and what part is fiction.
Her gruesome legend has become a part of folklore.
She is the central character in a number of books, plays and movies.
As the blood countess, she has often been compared to another fictional character, Count Dracula.
Some scholars now that Báthory was not a murderer but instead may have been the victim of a political betrayal.
According to her legend, she was supposed to have tortured and killed over 650 servant girls.
It also claimed she bathed in human blood.
That, after hearing of all the deaths and tortures going on in her castle, the countess and her servants were put on trial.
Her servants were said to have been executed.
Báthory herself was walled up in a room in her own castle.
There were only slits for air and food.
She was found dead three and a half years later.
After her death, the story of the evil countess began.
The Bocas del Toro province had a population, in 2010, of 125,461, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Cymmer, which is now seen as a part of Porth takes its name from the old Welsh word that describes a spot where two rivers of the same name join.
German Americans is a ethnic group of American citizens of German ancestry.
According to the United States Census Bureau, in 2013 there were 46 million Americans who claimed some German ancestry.
In parts of the Northern United States they outnumber any other ethnic groups.
In Wisconsin, for example, 41% of the population is German-American.
They are the largest ethnic group in the United States.
Kneževo is situated between the rivers Ugar, Vrbas and Vrbanja and surrounded by the mountain masiff of Čemernica, Ranča in the west, Vlašić in the south and Ježica in the north-east.
The municipality has an official altitude of , but really ranges from .
Kneževo is southeast of Banja Luka by the M56 motorway.
In the Korićani Cliffs massacre of 21 August 1992, some 200 Bosniaks and Croats detainees were massacred by the Bosnian Serbs Police and Army forces (in deep cliff in the canyon of Ilomska) river.
The Cartago province had a population, in 2011, of 490,903 for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The canton of Cartago, with 147,898 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
The Heredia province had a population, in 2011, of 433,677 for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The canton of Heredia, with 123,616 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
They have long protein chains, The proteins keep connections between neighbouring cells or between a cell and other structures.
They also control substance transport outside cell surfaces.
The Puntarenas province had a population, in 2011, of 410,929 for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The canton of Puntarenas, with 115,019 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
It was started in 2009 by Amteka Primary Brahma Dharma Committee.
Windsor Davies (28 August 1930 – 17 January 2019) was a British actor.
He was best known for his roles as Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the sitcom It Ain't Half Hot Mum (1974–81).
He was also known for his roles in Never the Twain, Doctor Who and the Carry On movies.
He retired from acting in 2004.
BBC News, ITV and Sky News all released an exit poll at 10pm.
This poll predicted the Conservatives would be the largest party but lose their majority.
A beam balance is a type of scale that uses a beam with weights suspended from its ends to measure the weight or mass of an object.
The object to be weighed is placed on one end of the beam, and weights are added to the other end until the beam is in equilibrium, meaning that the two sides are balanced.
Some minerals are found in large amounts in the Guiana Shield; diamonds, gold and bauxite are some of them.
The large-scale mining of these, and other minerals, is creating some environmental problems.
A Microburst is a downdraft that moves in a way opposite to a tornado.
It is found in thunder storms.
And it can be dangerous to an aircraft.
A version called the Nintendo Switch Lite was released on September 20, 2019.
It costs less and is smaller than a normal Nintendo Switch, doesn't use wires or anything and is a standalone device, but can not connect to a television like the normal Nintendo Switch and does not have detachable Joy-Con.
Some games require an additional Joy-Con to play them.
The Nintendo Switch has several accessories.
Nintendo Labo is a series of cardboard add-ons which the user builds to play games with.
Ring Fit Adventure includes a circular piece of rubber called a Ring-Con, and a leg strap.
Similar to the Wii, the Switch also has a wheel shaped holder for the Joy-Con.
The oil beetle (or Meloe) is a blister beetle genus.
They are called oil beetles because they release oily droplets of hemolymph when disturbed.
On 23 January 2009 Cegedel S.A.
and Saar Ferngas AG were moved to Soteg S.A.
This made a new energy group named Enovos.
It included the parent company Enovos International S.A.
and the two main subsidiaries: Creos (formerly Cegedel S.A).
in charge of network activities, and Enovos Luxembourg S.A.
in charge of production, sales and marketing.
Enovos and Creos each have a subsidiary for the German market: Enovos Deutschland and Creos Deutschland.
In order to make a difference between the parent company and its subsidiaries – energy provider Enovos and grid operator Creos –, Enovos International is now called Encevo.
Private equity firm Ardian sold its stake up to 24.92 percent in Encevo to China Southern Power Grid International, the second grid operator in China and in the world.
The electricity is send to the six stations (Flebour, Roost, Itzig/Blooren, Heisdorf, Bertange and Schifflange) where the voltage is reduced from 220 to 65 kV.
It is given to industries and large municipal distribution networks.
The voltage is then reduced from 65 kV to 20 kV in more than 60 transformer stations in the whole country.
The electric energy obtained is distributed to SMEs, towns and villages where the transformers reduce the current voltage to 0.4 kV before distributing it to the final consumer.
A control centre, known as Electricity Dispatching, controls and manages these high and medium-voltage networks.
The total length of the Luxembourg electricity network managed by Creos is 10,123 kilometres, including 593 kilometres of high-voltage lines, 3,702 kilometres of medium-tension lines and 5,828 kilometres of low tension lines.
Creos works in two national projects; smart grids, electromobility and energy management.
In accordance with the law of 7 August 2012 that puts the European Energy Efficiency Directive into Luxembourg law, all the gas and electricity meters must be changed in the country, independently of the network operator.
Creos has made 300,000 smart meters that record information about energy in Luxembourg.
This includes 250,000 electricity meters and 50,000 gas meters.
The installation of these new electricity and gas meters – called Smarty – in Luxembourg homes will allow the creation of networks with real intelligence: smart grids.
These smart grids can monitor decentralised electricity production (like wind turbines and photovoltaic panels), regulating the variations of the feeds into the distribution networks with greater precision and managing the demand peaks linked with the charging of electric vehicles more effectively.
The law from 7 August 2012 also demands that the metering system must be able to receive water and heating.
Haight was born in Reading, Michigan in 1846.
He entered the U.S.
Army at Goodland, Michigan, and served in Company E of the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters.
He reached the rank of corporal.
Haight received the citation for actions at Petersburg, Virginia on July 30, 1864, in the Battle of Petersburg, Virginia.
He died Sep.
17, 1918 in Reading, Michigan.
Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 7 (+4).
After the show 205 Live was created, the Cruiserweight Championship also could be defended in this program.
When WWE fired the champion at the time, Enzo Amore in January 2018, there was an announcement that there would be a general manager on 205 Live who would decide what would happen to the championship.
Drake Maverick was chosen to be the general manager and he decided that there would be a 16-man tournament to decide a new WWE Cruiserweight Champion and that the final would happen at WrestleMania 34.
In the final, Cedric Alexander beat Ali to win the title.
After WrestleMania 34, 205 Live separated from Raw so the title was only defended on that show.
The WWE United Kingdom Championship, later known as the NXT United Kingdom Championship from 2020 to 2022, was a wrestling title owned by WWE and competed for by the men of NXT UK.
It was created on 15 December 2016 and a 16-man tournament with British wrestlers happened on 14 and 15 January 2017 to crown the champion.
Tyler Bate beat Pete Dunne in the final to become the first champion.
Johnson also did calculations for plans for a mission to Mars.
L.E.S.
V.I.C.
Rios Albert Johnson Jason Hunter Robert Diggs Eric Barrier William Griffin, Jr.
This match was for the WWE World Championship.
SmackDown wrestler Dean Ambrose won a match for the title at Battleground on July 25 against Raw wrestlers Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins.
So SmackDown needed to find a challenger for Dean for SummerSlam and they had a six-pack challenge to find the challenger.
The first five spots were given to John Cena, Bray Wyatt, AJ Styles, Baron Corbin and Dolph Ziggler.
Apollo Crews took the sixth spot when he won a battle royal, but Dolph won the six-pack.
With a population of 7,381, Lodève has a population density of inhabitants/km.
From 1972 to 1979 he was director general of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research.
He was Principal Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture from 1979 to 1980.
He served as Director General of the International Rice Research Institute (1982–88) and became president of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources in 1988.
Shah Aqeeq lived from about 1432 to 1451.
He is celebrated as a Suhrawardi Sufi Saint.
Shah Aqeeq lived in Uch, Punjab till the age of 7 but after his father Muhammad Sharifuddin Ibn Abdullah Bhukari's death he and their brothers migrated to Sindh.
In Sindh Shah Aqeeq met with Mian Usaman Shah.
Severals years later he became the successor of Mian Usman Shah.
Hazrat Pir Baba (), was a Sufi saint.
His real name was Syed Ali Shah Tirmizi, of the Kubrawiya(Kubrawi) Sufi Order.
Magnetic Tape Storage is a way of storing digital information on a along strip of magnetic tape.
This type of storage, though outdated, is widely used as a backup storage.
Noorani's shrine is popular in Balochistan, Pakistan after Hinglaj Mata Mandir.
It flows generally southwest through the Corrèze and Dordogne departments before flowing into the Dordogne river in Limeuil at about of altitude.
École nationale supérieure de formation de l’enseignement agricole is a renowned graduate agricultural school in France.
It is in a campus of the Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées (Southern France).
Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges has a population, in 2014, of 243, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Zionist Union was formed in 2014 as a cooperation of HaAvoda (Israeli Labor Party), HaTnu'a (The Movement), and HaTnu'a HaYeruqa (The Green Movement) in an effort to prevent Likud continuing its governing position after the Knesset elections of 2015.
With a population of 3,933, Le Vigan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 39,993, Alès has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Reformed Political Party is an orthodox Calvinist party.
The first English monarch to completely rule France for majority of his reign.
Henry VI was made to be successor of French king Charles VI and on October 21st 1422 took up the position of the French king.
He was said to rule the whole of France but in reality only ruled small parts of the north.
Charles VII was later crowned as king of France, son of Charles VI starting a small line of disputed monarchs and the English, later British monarch claiming the throne of France for another 350 years.
Edward IV also claimed the throne of France during Henry VI's absence from the English throne and his claims happened in between Henry's so reign of the monarch may not be in perfect order for this list.
The claim was of France but really monarchs only ruled Calais due to the terrible general skills of the Duke of Somerset, a close friend of Margaret of Anjou and Henry VI.
Johann Alexander Döderlein (February 11, 1675 - October 23, 1745) was a German historian, philologist and numismatist.
Namakkal is a town and a municipality in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It is the headquarters of Namakkal district.
It is the first ISO 14001-2004 certified municipality in Asia for environmental management, specifically the provision and maintenance of water supply, solid waste and sewage management, town planning, lighting and other social services.
Thiruvarur is a town and municipality in Thiruvarur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It is the administrative headquarters of Tiruvarur district and Tiruvarur taluk.
The town was one of the five traditional capitals of the Chola empire, with one of the emperors of the dynasty, Kulothunga Chola I, having it as his capital.
The town is believed to be of significant antiquity and has been ruled, at different times, by the Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Marathas and the British.
The town is known for the Thyagaraja temple, and the annual chariot festival held in the month of April.
The temple chariot of the Thyagaraja temple, weighing and measuring tall is the largest temple chariot in Tamil Nadu.
Thiruvarur is the birthplace of Tyagaraja, Muthuswami Dikshitar and Syama Sastri, popularly known as the Trinity of Carnatic music of the 18th century CE.
The Cycling Museum was founded in 1985 as part of the earlier Municipal Museum of Roeselare.
The city of Roeselare took that decision because the region can be seen as ‘the cradle of the flandriens’.
A lot of flandriens and racing cyclists are born in the region.
The municipality proper has known a lot of popular racing cyclists for example Odiel Defraeye, the first Belgian winner of the Tour of France and several world-champions: Jean-Pierre Monseré, Benoni Beheyt, Patrick Sercu, Freddy Maertens… In the beginning, the museum only showed a few old bicycles and organised an exhibition in summer.
In one of the halls, you find a lot about the local world-champion Jean-Pierre Monseré, who lost his life as world-champion during a race in 1971.
Another hall shows an old workshop of bicycle-maker Hallaert where you can learn about the technical evolution of the bicycle.
Naze was appointed professor in applied mathematics at the University of Bergen from 1966.
Her research interests have focused on kinetic theory, magnetohydrodynamics and theoretical acoustics.
A finery forge is a hearth (a brick fireplace) used to make wrought iron by burning pig iron.
Finery forges were probably used in the 3rd century BC.
In the 18th and 19th century it was replaced by the puddling process.
With a population of 4,117, Bellac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 3,798, Rochechouart has a population density of inhabitants/km.
He had numerous exhibitions in Hungary and abroad, worked for decades in Szentendre and the creative community of artists houses in Szigliget, Kecskemét, Hódmezővásárhely and Mártély.
Ever since the 1800s, depictions of Kenneth have started to appear, first in Edinburgh Portrait Gallery, and later with some more depictions.
Depictions of Kenneth are hard to find but the ones used the most are the frieze in Edinburgh and a newly found depiction from the 1700's.
A capstan is a machine that is used on sailing ships to pull ropes and cables (also called hawsers).
It has a vertical axle, and is very much like the windlass, which has a horizontal axle.
In Shahzadpur population of children with age 0-6 is 841 which makes up 11.56 % of total population of village.
Average Sex Ratio of Shahzadpur is 872 which is lower than Haryana state average of 879.
Child Sex Ratio for the Shahzadpur as per census is 730, lower than Haryana average of 834.
In 2011, literacy rate of Shahzadpur village was 85.41 % compared to 75.55 % of Haryana.
In Shahzadpur Male literacy stands at 90.68 % while female literacy rate was 79.51 %.
Shahzadpur, is a very old town in Ambala District of Haryana.
The town came under Sikh Rule in January 1764, after the Sikh forces took Sirhind, the Sikhs also established their rule in this area of Shahzadpur Town, Sardar Karam Singh a Sikh Sandhu Jatt of Marahka Village in Sheikhupura District of Punjab (Now Pakistan), became the first Sikh ruler of Shahzadpur.
He ruled for 20 years until his death in 1784.
He never used to stay at Shahzadpur.
Karam Singh spent the majority of his time at Talwandi Sabo Village in Bathinda District of Punjab which was one of the holiest Sikh religious centers.
Karam Singh was succeeded by his elder son Gulab Singh, who ruled until 1844.
In 1844 he was succeeded by his son Sardar Shiv Kirpal Singh Sandhu, the Shahzadpur Sikh Rulers became extinct in 1809, after the Cis-Sutlej states had accepted the protection of the British East India Company.
After graduating from Dermott High School in May 1971, Alexander moved to Pine Bluff, Arkansas, where he studied architecture at Pines Vocational Technical School, which is now Southeast Arkansas College.
One of his earliest series of paintings, the Dermott Series, depicted his childhood memories of growing up in Dermott,Arkansas.
Six of those paintings are now a part of the permanent collection at the Arts and Science Center for Southeast Arkansas in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
His career as a professional artist began when he created several lines of greeting cards in 1991.
He called his first line of cards The Expressions Line, but did not trademark the name.
As a result, Hallmark Cards now has used the name on a line of their cards since 1997.
His greeting cards are not tied to the Hallmark line in any way.
Between 1991 and 1994 he created many drawings, including Renetta, Girlfriends, Cowboy Fiddler, Young Kennedys, and Roundup.
In 1999 Alexander painted his Detroit Series, a series of paintings of many sites in Detroit, Michigan.
The paintings were first shown at the American Black Artist Institute in Detroit.
In May 1998 Alexander introduced his Delta Series, of paintings during his annual Arkansas Schools Tour.
The tour was made bigger that year to include stops in Greenville, Mississippi and Memphis, Tennessee.
The Delta series included paintings of scenes in the Mississippi Delta region of the United States from Monroe, Louisiana to Memphis, Tennessee.
It includes a painting of Graceland, Elvis Presley's former home, the Greenville Courthouse in Greenville, Mississippi, a painting of the famous Beale Street in Memphis, and his painting of a Cotton Farm among others.
Alexander's most popular series of drawings, The Sixties Series has been shown in schools, libraries, and art galleries in several cities since it was completed in 1993.
It is made up of drawings of well known people and events of the 1960s, such as the Selma to Montgomery marches of 1965, and drawings of Martin Luther King Jr., Lyndon Johnson, Malcolm X, Medgar Evers and Rosa Parks.
This series also has drawings about the Vietnam War.
On Broadcast Music Inc.
(BMI), a website that shows the royalties and songwriters/publishers of songs, Sheeran added the songwriters of TLC's No Scrubs (1999).
This is because lines from both songs have a similar rhythm.
After the 2021 Israel-Palestine crisis, Bennett announced that he agreed to a deal with Yair Lapid to forge a coalition government that would remove Benjamin Netanyahu from his Prime Minister position.
This was after the 2021 March election.
Mid June he has become Prime Minister, leading the Bennett-Lapid Government, which is the 36th government of Israel.
In March 2022, he helped Russia and Ukraine communicate after the war broke out.
Medgar Wiley Evers (July 2, 1925June 12, 1963) was an American civil rights activist from Decatur Mississippi.
He is best known for his work to overturn racial segregation in the United States in the 1950s and early 1960s.
He was a World War II veteran.
He became a field secretary for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).
After the 1954 ruling of the United States Supreme Court in Brown v.
Board of Education that segregated public schools were unconstitutional, Evers worked to get African Americans admitted to the all-white University of Mississippi.
He also worked for other changes in the nation's then-segregated society, such as voting rights and registration, economic opportunity, and access to public facilities for African Americans.
The majority of the islands and sandbars are in the province of Friesland.
He started one of the country's largest public relations firms shortly thereafter.
Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: 5 (down one from 19th Knesset).
Under the Cisalpine Republic a District of Alto Adige (called in Italian: Distretto dell'Alto Adige) was created as a part of the short-lived Department of Benaco.
The District of Alto Adige included some municipalities of today's province of Verona.
With a population of 19,300, Bressuire has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 3 (-2).
Angelina County is a county in the U.S.
state of Texas.
In 2020, 86,395 people lived there.
The county seat is Lufkin.
James Wenneker von Brunn (July 11, 1920 – January 6, 2010) was an American man who perpetrated the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum shooting in Washington, D.C.
on June 10, 2009.
Security guard Stephen Tyrone Johns was killed in the shooting, and von Brunn was wounded by two security guards who returned fire.
Von Brunn was named the prime suspect in the shooting, and was charged with first-degree murder and firearms violations.
While awaiting trial, von Brunn died on January 6, 2010.
Von Brunn was a white supremacist, neo-Nazi and Holocaust denier who had written numerous antisemitic essays, created an antisemitic website called The Holy Western Empire, and is the author of a 1999 self-published book, Kill the Best Gentiles, which praises Adolf Hitler and denies the Holocaust, including propagating the belief of a supposed white genocide.
After the shooting, traces of his personal writings and works online were deleted from many websites, including AskArt.com, FreeRepublic and his personal user page on Wikipedia where he was indefinitely blocked, the latter said to constitute a violation of policy of hate speech.
He also made posts expressing his opposition to the Iraq War, and felt that the September 11 attacks were an inside job.
Von Brunn was born in St.
Louis, Missouri, the first of two children.
His father was a native of Houston, Texas, and a superintendent at the Scullin Steel Mill in Houston during World War II.
His mother was a piano teacher and homemaker.
Von Brunn enrolled in Washington University in St.
Louis in August 1938, and received his Bachelor of Science degree in journalism in April 1943.
During his time at the university, von Brunn was said to have been president of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter, and a varsity football player.
He served in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1957, and was the commanding officer of PT boat 159 during the Pacific Theatre of World War II, receiving a commendation and three battle stars.
Von Brunn had worked as an advertising executive and producer in New York City for twenty years.
In the late 1960s, he relocated to the Eastern Shore of Maryland, where he continued to do advertising work and resumed painting.
In the early 1970s, Von Brunn briefly worked for Noontide Press, the publishing arm of the Holocaust-denying Institute for Historical Review.
Von Brunn's arrest history dates back at least as far as the middle 1960s.
In 1968, he received a six-month jail sentence in Maryland for fighting with a sheriff during an incident at the county jail.
He had earlier been arrested for driving under the influence following an altercation at a local restaurant in 1966.
Von Brunn was arrested in 1981 for attempted kidnapping and hostage-taking of members of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors after approaching the Federal Reserve's Eccles Building armed with a revolver, knife, and sawed-off shotgun.
Von Brunn later described his actions as a citizen's arrest for treason.
He reportedly complained of high interest rates during the incident and was disarmed without any shots being fired, after threatening a security guard with a .38 caliber pistol.
He reportedly claimed he had a bomb, which was found to be only a device designed to look like a bomb.
He was convicted in 1983 for burglary, assault, weapons charges, and attempted kidnapping.
Von Brunn's sentence was completed by September 15, 1989, after he had served six and a half years in prison.
After he was released he successfully tested for and joined Mensa International; however, he was eventually dropped from membership for failing to pay his annual dues.
Von Brunn was a member of the American Friends of the British National Party, a group that raised funds in the United States for the far right and rights for whites British National Party (BNP).
The group had been addressed on at least two occasions by Nick Griffin, an ex-member of the National Front and chairman of the BNP.
A BNP spokesperson claimed after the shooting that the party had never heard of von Brunn.
In 2004 and 2005 he lived in Hayden Lake, Idaho, the town where Aryan Nations—a neo-Nazi organization led by Richard Butler—was based until 2001.
Von Brunn was living in Annapolis, Maryland at the time of the 2009 incident.
After the shooting, federal authorities raided his apartment and seized a rifle, ammunition, computers, a handwritten will, and a painting of Jesus Christ standing adjacent to Adolf Hitler.
The FBI also stated it discovered child pornography on one of the seized computers.
Von Brunn was charged in federal court on June 11, 2009, with first-degree murder and firearms violations; he pleaded not guilty to all of the charges.
On July 29, 2009, von Brunn was indicted on seven counts, including four which made him eligible for the death penalty.
In September 2009, a judge ordered von Brunn to undergo a competency evaluation to determine whether or not he could stand trial.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, Anti-Defamation League, and FBI stated they had been monitoring von Brunn's internet postings, but were unable to take action because his comments had not crossed the line from free speech into advocating violence.
Isiaka Adetunji Adeleke (15 January 1955 – 23 April 2017) was a Nigerian politician.
He was a two time senator who represented the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Osun State from 2007 to 2011 and was elected again under the banner of the All Progressives Congress in 2015.
He became a member of the Nigerian Senate in 2007.
He ran for reelection in April 2011 on the PDP platform, coming second with 77,090 votes.
Some of his works are in the Monumental Cemetery of Milan, in Sanctuary of San Felice (Parabiago), and in the cemetery of Sarzana.
He made a marble bas-relief in the church of Santa Maria at the Maggiore Hospital at Ca 'Granda in Milan with a subject The healings of Christ.
Several of his works are preserved at the Ospedale di Niguarda, known as the City of art.
In 1882 Dante Parini took part in the second competition for the execution of the sculptures of Vittoriano Altar of the Homeland in Rome, but his project was not chosen.
Dante Parini also devoted himself to painting.
During his long life he participated in several international exhibitions.
Grimisuat is a municipality of the district Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
After enlisting in the United States Navy, Rizzo served on the USS Houston cruiser for 19 months.
However, he was medically discharged due to diabetes insipidus.
Upon returning to Philadelphia, Rizzo found employment at Midvale Steel, where he contributed to the production of naval guns in preparation for World War II.
McMaster University (commonly referred to as McMaster or Mac) is a public research university located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The main campus is located on of land near the residential neighbourhoods of Ainslie Wood and Westdale, Hamilton.
She married Run mac Arthgail, a king of Strathclyde from c.
872-878.
He gave her one child, later to be king of Scots named Eochaid, who was deposed in 889 when she was 55 years old (dead or alive)?.
She also married Rí na h'Alt Clut who supposedly gave her no child as Eochaid is the only recorded child of NN ingen.
Turan University (, Turan Ýnıversıteti; Russian: Университет Туран), is a university in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
It is the country’s first private university, founded in 1992.Turan University was registered in 1992 in Almaty.The system of specialist training at the university is conducted on 3 levels of education: basic higher education (Bachelor's programme, the Master's programme and Philosophiae doctor).
Turan University offers 25 undergraduate majors,15 master specialties and 5 Philosophiae doctor specialties.
The most popular fields are in three departments: economic, humanitarian and legal, Academy of Cinema and Television faculty.
Education at the university of Turan is held in three languages: Kazakh, Russian, English.
Admission to Turan University is carried out on the basis of state educational grants.
The university also gives its own grants to students who had good marks from school.
The university has its own campus with a total area of 35,000m².
The main building is 7-storey tall and hosts the administration and the Economics, Humanities and Law faculties.There are 3 football pitches, 3 sports halls and a dormitory on campus.
Turan university has an active academic, scientific, sports life, where the initiators of creative ideas are the students themselves.
Captain Arthur J.
Jackson (October 18, 1924 – June 14, 2017) was a United States Marine.
He received the Medal of Honor for his actions on Peleliu during World War II.
The Huddersfield Giants are a Rugby League team based at the John Smiths Stadium in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire.
On 1 January 2015, the former municipality of Sternenberg merged into the municipality of Bauma.
Midlands Engine Strategy was an economic plan that Chancellor Phillip Hammond spoke about in 2017.
On 9 March 2017, the government of the United Kingdom said it was made to be a powerful way to make the economy grow.
The plan said the Midlands was the center of the UK economy.
The Midlands makes abount one out of every five things in the UK.
£392 million is going to be invested in the Midlands as part of the plan.
Dällikon is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
Dänikon is a municipality in the district of Dielsdorf in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
Below is a list of Trinity High School's State Championship Wins during the tenure of Head Coach Bob Beatty.
The chapel offers regular services.
The chapel includes a large pipe organ.
Sometimes, they have chapel concerts for students and the local community.
In October 2010, Suzy became host of the Show!Music Core of MBC with Minho and Onew, both from SHINee, and Jiyeon, from T-ara.
Later she presented programs like Inkigayo, M!Countdown, M!Hello Japan Countdown, 21st Seoul Music Awards, 26th Golden Disk Awards with Hongki from F.T.
Island and Mnet's 20's Choice Awards with Song Joong-ki, where she won an award under the category Hot New Star of 2011.
Since then, Suzy has continued to host many music program events for major awards ceremonies.
Ruža Tomašić, a OSCE observer from Croatia, noted that there were no violations at the five polling stations she observed.
The Jidai Matsuri is a traditional Japanese festival held every year on October 22 in Kyoto, Japan.
It is enjoyed by people of all ages, participating in its historic reenactment parade, dressed in historic costumes representing different periods of Japanese history.
This festival started when the Japanese capital of Kyoto moved to Tokyo in 1868.
This involved the movement of the Emperor of Japan and his family.
Thiruvidaimarudur is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district in Tamil Nadu, India.
The popular Mahalingeshwar Temple is located here.
Ammapettai is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.
This town is the headquarters of Ammapettai revenue block.
With a population of 5,738, Altkirch has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Rosa Fontana – born as Rosa Engracia Sevilla Plo on January 21, 1938 – is a Spanish actress, who had roles in movies and TV series, and also worked in theatre.
Nawele was High Chief of Oahu (a Hawaiian island).
His name is pronounced in Hawaiian language as Nah-weh-leh.
Lakona was High Chief of Oahu, a Hawaiian island.
Kapae-a-Lakona — also spelled Kapea-a-Lakona — was High Chief of Oahu in ancient Hawaii.
Haka (Hawaiian pronunciation: Hah-kah) was High Chief of the island of Oahu, in ancient Hawaii.
With a population of 7,123, Saint-Jean-d'Angély has a population density of inhabitants/km.
It flows to the west and, later, to the southwest through the Deux-Sèvres and Charente-Maritime departments before flowing, at almost right angle, into the Charente river in Cabariot at about of altitude.
According to the 2011 census of India, the Nilgiris district had a population of 735,394 with a sex-ratio of 1,042 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929 females.
Kanchipuram district is a district in the northeast of the state of Tamil Nadu in India.
The district has a total geographical area of and coastline of .
The town of Kanchipuram is the district headquarters.
Kanchipuram District had been administered by the Pallavas, Cholas, Vijayanagar rulers and the British before Independence.
In 2003 he entered local politics by sitting on the city council of his hometown, Sakhnin, until 2005.
He then entered national politics by becoming a member of Knesset in 2009.
Since 2015 he had both been leader of the Ra'am party and a politician in The Joint List of four parties.
Dharmapuri is a city and the administrative headquarters of Dharmapuri district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
It is one of top leading Mango producer of state.
Virudhunagar (that was Virudhupatti some time ago), is a town and the headquarters of the Virudhunagar district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Virudhunagar became an important trade centre during the British rule.
The town is the birthplace of freedom fighter K.
Kamaraj, former chief minister of Tamil Nadu, and Bharat Ratna recipient.
Located to the east of Kowsika River.
Virudhunagar was a part of Madurai and has been ruled at various times by Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Chanda Sahib, Carnatic kingdom and the British.The town's name was changed to Virudhupatti in 1875 and on 6 April 1923, the town council renamed it Virudhunagar.
Sivakasi was established in the 15th century during the reign of the Pandya king Harikesari Parakkirama Pandian.
The town was a part of Madurai empire and has been ruled at various times by the Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Chanda Sahib, Carnatic kingdom and the British Raj.
The Sivakasi riots of 1899 took place during the British Raj here.
Sivakasi has a dry weather, making it suitable for dry crops like cotton, chillies and millets.
Badhrkali Amman temple is one of the most prominent landmarks of the town.
Tiruppur District is a district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, formed in February 2009.
The district is well-developed and industrialized.The city of Tiruppur is the administrative headquarters for the district.
As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,479,052 with a sex-ratio of 989 females for every 1,000 males.
Tiruppur is a city in the Kongu Nadu region of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Tiruppur is the administrative headquarters of Tiruppur district and the fifth largest urban settlement in Tamil Nadu.Located on the banks of Noyyal River.
Tiruppur is administered by municipal corporation which was established in 2008 and the total area of the corporation is 159.6 km divided into 60 wards.
The total population of the city as per the 2011 census is 444,352.
The economy of Kodaikanal mainly depends on tourism.
The number of tourists increased from two million in 1999 to 3.2 million in 2009.
Theni district is a district of the Tamil Nadu state in South India.
The city of Theni is the district headquarters.
The district is divided into two natural divisions: The hilly areas are constituted by parts of three taluks: Periyakulam, Uthamapalayam, and Andipatti with thick vegetation and perennial streams from the hills on the western side and Cumbum valley which lies in the Uthamapalayam taluk.
As of 2011, Theni district had a population of 1,245,899 with a sex-ratio of 991 females for every 1,000 males.
Land area for farming in Theni district is 40.33%.
The principal crop production (in tonnes) in 2005-2006 was: sugarcane 1,201,221, cotton 95,360 (561 bales of 170.
kg lint each), rice (paddy) 66,093, millets and other cereals 57,081, pulses (legumes) 6,677, peanut (groundnut) 4,021 and sesame (gingelly) 325.
silk, banana, coconut, tea, coffee, cardamom, grapes and mango are other main produce of the district.
Cumbum Valley is a major centre for grape production with 4,000 small farmers producing over 90,000 tonnes of muscat grapes.
Küsnacht is a city in the canton of Zurich.
It is in the district of Meilen.
Erode district(formerly Periyar district) is a district in the Kongu Nadu region (western part) of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It was the largest district by area in the state before the formation of Tiruppur district and the headquarters of the district is Erode.
Periyar district was a part of Coimbatore District before its division into two on September 17, 1979 and was renamed as Erode District in 1996.
As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,251,744 with a sex-ratio of 993 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.
Bhavani River rises in the Western Ghats of [Silent Valley National Park in Palakkad district of Kerala.
It receives the Siruvani River which has the second tastiest water in the world, a perennial stream of Coimbatore District, and gets reinforced by the Kundah river before entering Erode District in Sathyamangalam.
Agriculture is the most important income source of the district.
Paddy, plantain, silk, cotton, turmeric, coconut and sugarcane are some of the major products from agriculture and allied industries.
With 43% share, the district is the top turmeric producer in Tamil Nadu.
Erode is also known as Turmeric city as it is an important market center for turmeric.
Erode district is also the leading producer of plantain, coconuts and white silk in Tamil Nadu.
of Education of China.
Pipes was born to a Jewish family in Cieszyn, Poland, which fled the country as refugees after it was invaded by Nazi Germany.
Settling in the United States in 1940, he became a naturalized citizen in 1943 while serving in the United States Army Air Corps.
Currently, Afghanistan is one of the biggest producers of opium.
While opium also has its uses as a regular drug, it is mainly used as an illegal drug.
In 2001, Afghanistan produced only 11% of the world's opium, today it produces over ninety percent.
In 2007, 93% of the non-pharmaceutical-grade opiates on the world market originated in Afghanistan.
This amounts to an export value of about $4 billion; opium farmers earn about a quarter of this amount, the rest goes to district officials, insurgents, warlords, and drug traffickers.
The drug trade accounts for half of Afghanistan's GDP.
Vincent was born in Johannesburg, South Africa.
He was banned from the South African Tour for many years as a result of apartheid rules.
Tshabalala played in the European Tour, and won the 1976 French Open.
Tshabalala also did good in the European Seniors Tour and won two events in the South African Tour after the country lifted its racial restrictions.
With a population of 5,350, Montbard has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The Crested Quetzal is a species of Quetzal.
Paignton Zoo is a zoo located in Devon, England.
It was opened in 1923.
It flows to the northwest and joins the Armançon river between the communes Buffon and Montbard at an elevation of about above sea level.
Only the original elections results are shown.
Évora is a city in Portugal.
It is the seat of the Évora District.
It has 56,596 people.
Evora lies in the centre of Portugal, and is one of the hottest cites of the country, reach more than 30C in the summer.
The most famous monument in Evora is the Templo Romano Évora (A Roman temple) and the Capela dos Ossos (a chapel lined with many bones).
Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: 1.
With a population of 10,553, Cosne-Cours-sur-Loire has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Degree of freedom of a particle or a body is simply the number of ways in which it can possess energy (transnational energy, rotational energy, vibrational energy).
Alun Wyn Jones (born 19 September 1985) is a Welsh rugby union player.
He is the captain of the Wales national team, and the Ospreys.
He is Wales' most capped lock forward and Wales' second most capped player behind Gethin Jenkins.
He has also won seven caps for the British and Irish Lions.
A team of 250 firefighters from forty fire engines attempted to control the fire and rescue people.
The first emergency services arrived six minutes after the alarm, but the fire's very high temperature slowed rescue attempts.
At 04:14, officials from the Metropolitan Police addressed the large crowd of onlookers and urgently told them to contact anyone they knew who was trapped in the building—if they are able to reach them via phone or social media—to tell them they must try to self-evacuate and not wait for the fire brigade.
Firefighters entered the building to try to rescue people but reported they were hindered by the extreme heat.
According to witnesses, there were people trapped inside, waving from windows for help, some holding children.
There were two witness accounts of parents dropping their children down to people below, including a baby who was caught after being thrown from the ninth or tenth floor, and a small boy thrown from the fifth or sixth floor.
There were also eyewitness reports that some people were jumping out.
At least one person used knotted blankets to make a rope and escape from the burning building.
Frequent explosions that were reported to be from gas lines in the building were heard.
According to the US-based manufacturer of Reynobond, the polyethylene version of the material is banned in the United States for use in buildings exceeding in height, because of the risk of spreading fire and smoke.
The refurbishment also used an insulation foam product named Celotex RS5000, installed behind the cladding.
According to its datasheet, the polyisocyanurate product—charred pieces of which littered the area around Grenfell Tower after the fire—will burn if exposed to a fire of sufficient heat and intensity.
Seegräben is a municipality in the district Hinwil in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.
On the May 23 episode of SmackDown, Shane McMahon announced who he chose to be in the Money in the Bank ladder match.
He chose A.J.
Styles, Shinsuke Nakamura, Dolph Ziggler, Sami Zayn and Baron Corbin.
But Kevin Owens was upset by this because he beat A.J.
at Backlash and if A.J.
is in the match, he should be too.
Shane then decided to add Kevin to the match.
Volketswil is a municipality of the district of Uster in the Swiss canton of Zurich.
But only the Italian colonial troops (the brigades were made mainly of Eritrean Ascari) fought inside the French Somaliland, while the division Cacciatori D'Africa only entered southern coastal French Somalia during the August attack on British Zeila.
After the first week the Italian aviation started to attack: on 17 June some Italian IMAM Ro.37 aircraft undertook a reconnaissance of Djibouti, noting five or six warships in the port and about twenty aircraft at a nearby aerodrome.
On 21 June eleven Caproni Ca.133s bombed Djibouti in the largest raid of the colony's brief war.
Anti-aircraft fire was intense and two Italian aircraft failed to return, but fires and explosions were seen in Djibouti.
Overnight, several waves of Savoia-Marchetti SM.81 bombers attacked the port facilities.
On 22 June the Italians suspected the British might try to establish a forward base at Djibouti, and five Ro.37bis, four Fiat CR.42 and one Fiat CR.32 aircraft hit the airfield there.
Some French Potez 25 reconnaissance aircraft bombed Italian installations at Dewele in retaliation.
The invasion was also done inside the Territorial waters of French Somaliland in the gulf of Tadjoura.
Since the first week the Italian Navy sent two submarines (Torricelli & Perla) to patrol the waters in front of Djibouti city, Tadjoura and Oblock.
The Armistice of Villa Incisa (previously written on June 24) requested officially on June 25 the forced demilitarisation of Gibuti, according to articles 3, 5 and 9.
Finally between 1 and 10 July 1940 several clashes with the Italians took place again on the plain of Hanlé, at Ali-Sabieh and along the railroad.
The border area of western French Somalia was occupied by Italian troops, who withdrew from Hanlé in October 1940 and only in March 1941 from Dagguirou.
When Italian troops attacked British Somaliland in August 1940, they occupied the southern coast of the Cote Francaise des Somalis: the 17th Colonial Brigade under Colonel Agosti occupied the French fort at Loyada on the border with British Somaliland.
Later, when the Italian invasion of British Somaliland began on 3 August, the forces at Loyada moved on Zeila, which they conquered by 5 August.
Lung tumors are tumors that grow in the lungs.
Some of the tumors are cancer.
Some tumors are benign, or non-cancerous.
There are many types of lung cancer.
Some types are common and some are rare.
Lung tumors can be cancer that has spread to the lungs coming from a different part of the body.
Amherst () is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States.
According to the 2020 census, 12,681 people lived there.
Amherst is located south of Lake Erie.
With a population of 25,521, Montbéliard has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 17,413, Pontarlier has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Rebecca Felton was the first.
She was in the Senate for one day in 1922.
Hattie Caraway was the first woman elected to the Senate in 1932.
Garbage trucks are usually considered noisy and dirty due to the size and the fact that they carry garbage, also known as rubbish, waste, trash, junk.
The oldest parts of the building date from 1094.
About 1270 a larger synagogue, which included parts of the older building, was built.
The western wall of the building dates from this time.
It has its six original windows.
Another storey was added in the early 1300s.
Legend has it that this happened during the Buddha's third visit to Sri Lanka, during the reign of the provincial King Mahasena in the sixth century BC.
The oblast is located in the central part of the East European Plain.
The following map shows the results of the local elections in different territories of Latvia.
The colour, which each territory has, indicates the party, which received the majority of votes in this territory.
According to the elections results the coalition of Harmony and party Proud to serve Riga lost several deputies in the council but received the majority of 32 places out of 60.
On 22 June 2017 Nils Ušakovs was reelected as the head of the city council.
Hongshao snakefish is cooked the same way, but usually with more spring onions.
The interest in the notes regarding Hamsun, reached a climax [or top point] in 2001, when several groups [of people] wanted to use the notes.
A letter was sent - sometime before 2 April 2001 - from the national library, to the Ministry of Justice, regarding the library's [idea] to publicize the [notes regarding the] psychoanalysis ([that was] performed by Strømme); the notes were to be publicized together with comments from literary scientists and psychoanalysts; the project was to be led by Atle Kittang() - an expert (on research regarding Hamsun) and a professor of literature.
The national library (when it was called Universitetsbiblioteket) received the notes, as a gift from the daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme.
Adriana Sivieri (born 21 June 1918) is a retired Argentine-born Italian movie actress.
Clayton M.
Christensen first used the term in 1995: Christensen defines a disruptive innovation as a product or service designed for a new set of customers.
On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Cauco, Arvigo, Braggio and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.
The main trains used on the line is Class 375 Electrostars.
Before the May 2012 Timetable changes Class 465 and Class 466 Networkers were used, these units still appear on the line when a 375 unit fails or is unavailable.
In 2015 the second edition of Sapmi Pride, the LGBT pride festival, was held in Karasjok.
To protest homosexuals attending the Karasjok Church, and to protest that a female priest held the services, Norges Samemisjon cancelled one of their radio broadcasts.
He was born with the name Wang Shouren (王守仁) in the Zhejiang Province.
He was known for his idealistic interpretation of neo-Confucianism, which was said to have a deeper effect on the philosophical thinking in East Asia for centuries.
On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.
Khas people continue Hindu religion with some ancestral deity called Masto gods.
Thapas has been involved in politics of Nepal for long time.
Thapas were prominent military heads in various princely states in ancient Nepal.
Thapas led military and civil administration in the unified Kingdom of Nepal after 1806 AD.
Bhimsen Thapa of Thapa clan rose to prominence after the assassination of King Rana Bahadur Shah of Nepal by King's step-brother in 1805 AD.
After the event, an investigation was run by Bharadars (Ministers) which caused massacre of 55 senior officers at Bhandarkhal garden by Thapa Kaji (ministers) group making them as most dominant faction in Nepalese politics.
.It would be true to say that History has been written by the Brahamin which underestimated and burried the history of all the other beautiful community of Nepal.
Khas Thapa or Chhetri/Kshatri Thapa are Khas people of Indo-Aryan group.
They are categorized into Kshatriya in Hinduism.
They follow Hinduism and are divided by Khas clans and Hindu Gotra system.
The clan names of Khas Kshatri Thapas are: Bagale Thapa, Punwar Thapa, Godar Thapa, Lamichhane Thapa, Suyal Thapa, Kalikote Thapa, Hrikshen Thapa, Khulal Thapa, Deoja Thapa, Thakuryal Thapa, Gamle Thapa, Sonal Thapa, and many others.
They are descended from old warriors of Khas Kingdom.
Chhetri dominated the military forces of Shah dynasty of Nepal.
The 6 main Chhetri families at Royal court of Nepal formed group called Kaji Khalak (Aristocrats).
They are; Basnyat, Pande, Karki, Thapa,Khadka,Kunwar and Bista.
Basnyat, Pande and Thapas were most powerful Chhetri groups led by Shivaram Singh Basnyat, Kalu Pande and Birbhadra Thapa at the Unification of Nepal.
The Kunwars were led by Ramkrishna Kunwar and Bista/Bisht were led by Gajabal Bista and Atibal Bista.
Sometimes, Bhandari Kshetri family of Jaswanta Bhandari was also considered as Kaji Khalak family of the Royal court of Nepal.
In the court struggle for power, Pande Khalaks and Thapa Khalaks were fierce opponents.
They often opposed each other.
Pandes were supported by Basnyats due to blood relations.
Thapas were supported by Kunwars due to blood relations.
In the end, Kunwars betrayed Thapa groups by murdering the Thapa leader Mathabar Singh Thapa.
That caused Kunwars to rise to power and all Kshetris were thrown of power.
The Kunwar high rank officers escalated quickly between 1841 AD to 1854 AD.
Kunwars claimed royalty and changed their surname to Rana (meaning: King) from Kunwar (meaning: Prince).
In 1951AD, democracy was established and Kshetri rule were stopped.
According to 2011 Nepal census, Kshetri stands as the most populous group in Nepal with 16.6% of Nepal's population (or 43,98,053 peoples).
Many Kshetris triennially celebrate clanwise Masto deity worship called Dewali Puja.
Dewali Puja is common among Bahuns too.
In the Dewali Puja, Kshetris of the same clan give male goat sacrifices at a particular place.
It is a form of millennium old ancient worship continued till date.
Kshetris celebrate many Hindu festivals like Dashain (Dussehra), Tihar (Deepawali), Maghe Sankranti, Janai Purnima, Holi, etc.
Dashain and Tihar are primary festivals of Pahadi Hindu castes.
Most Kshetri families give goat sacrifices on either Maha Ashtami day or Maha Nawami day of Dashain festival.
The maternal clan marriage prohibition also include non marriage prohibition with the Bahun counterpart of that clan.
For example; Those having maternal clan as Khilchine Adhikari Chhetri cannot marry in the clan of Khilchine Adhikari Bahun as there is brotherhood between these clans.
They never marry in their paternal clan and those having same gotra.
Jaari marriage i.e.
marrying others' wife, is not allowed.
Also Gandharva and Rakshas marriages are not allowed.
Dieting rules for Kshetri were decided by Kshetri Birandala (brotherhood).
Kshetri do not consume pork like Rajputs which is a basis of cultural difference.
Kshetri are not allowed to eat beef, buffalo, pig, felines and all wild forms of them as per Hindu rituals for Kshatriya.
Goats, sheep and all variations and forms of them, are fully allowed.
Chicken, duck and goose are debatable and allowance is regionally dependent.
The above verse explains the duties, characters and behaviours of Kshatriya warrior.
These were adapted by Kshetri community which includes exhibition of bravery and skill, prohibition of escaping any war, giving charity and Hindu governance.
The name comes from the Ottawa tribe of Indians.
The city was planned on their reservation.
In spring 1864, the land was obtained from the tribe through a treaty connected to the creation of Ottawa University.
The Ottawa had given 20,000 acres of land to create and fund a school for the education of Indians and non-Indians alike.
The word Ottawa itself means “to trade.
In 1867, the Ottawa tribe sold their remaining land in Kansas, and they moved to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.
On 8 August 2015, the President of India appointed Kovind as Governor of Bihar.
On 16 August 2015, the acting Chief Justice of Patna High Court, Iqbal Ahmad Ansari, administered the oath to Kovind as the 36th Governor of Bihar.
Biyo's methodology encourages students to adopt several learning and life behaviors, in order to maximize their career potential.
The 2017 Indian presidential election was held in India on 17 July 2017, and counting was done on 20 July 2017, five days before the incumbent President's term expires.
The incumbent is eligible for re-election, as no term limits exist in India.
Vully-les-Lacs is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
Perambalur is a municipality town in the state of Tamil Nadu .
It is the administrative headquarters of Perambalur district and Perambalur Taluk (Sub-District).
Perambalur is the central town of Tamil Nadu.
Perambalur district is bounded on the North by Cuddalore and Salem, South by Trichy, East by Ariyalur, West by Trichy and Salem.
As of 2011 census, the town had a population of 49,648.
There are a set of 11th century Buddhists images around the villages of Perambalur called Perambalur Buddhas.
The inhabitants of the Artigas department (and of the city of Artigas) are known, in Spanish, as Artiguenses.
The inhabitants of the Salto department (and of the city of Artigas) are known, in Spanish, as Salteños (women: Salteñas.
The 411 are an English female R&B group formed in late 2003.
The band sang backup vocals on Lemar's cover of Al Green's Let's Stay Together.
The band took its name after the 1992 Mary J.
Blige album What's the 411?.
During their time together as a group, they released one studio album Between the Sheets and three top-forty singles before breaking up in 2005.
The movie was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore.
It stars Jason Bateman, Ginnifer Goodwin and Idris Elba.
It flows from north to south through the Territoire de Belfort department.
At Nommay, the river gets into the Doubs department where it joins, in the commune of Étupes near the city of Sochaux, the Allaine river, a tributary of the Doubs river at about of altitude.
Principal photography began in May 2017 on the Gold Coast, Australia.
On 6 July 2017 media said that Ågren was under police investigation.
In an interview with the Associated Press published December 1, Attorney General William Barr acknowledged: To date, we have not seen fraud on a scale that could have affected a different outcome in the election.
By January, Trump had lost 60 lawsuits.
Antonius Tom Holkenborg (born 8 December 1967 in Lichtenvoorde), known by his stage name Junkie XL and occasionally JXL, is a Dutch multi-instrumentalist, composer, DJ, producer, and engineer.
Originally known for his trance productions, he has moved to producing electronica and big beat music and film scores in recent years.
Junkie XL is probably best known for his remix of Elvis Presley's A Little Less Conversation.
On 29 July 2017 around 70 Nazis held an illegal demonstration and march in [the centre of] Kristiansand, without being opposed by the police; one person who placed himself in the way of the Nazis, and another who demonstrated against the Nazis, were removed by the police.
Caulifla is a short girl of slender build and fair complexion.
She wears a low cut magenta tube top, low-set purple harem trousers, long dark grey wristbands, and a pair of pointy dark grey shoes.
Her hair is long, wild, and spiky.
Caulifla's eyes are narrow yet big, with large black pupils, as well as thin eyebrows.
Escolta Street is a historic west to east street in the downtown district of Binondo in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
It is very near to (and parallel to) Pasig River.
It starts at Plaza Moraga to the west and ends at Plaza Santa Cruz and Quintin Paredes Street to the east.
It contains some examples of early skyscraper design in the country.
The inhabitants of the Paysandú department (and of the city of Paysandú) are known, in Spanish, as Sanduceros.
The inhabitants of the Río Negro department (and of the city of Paysandú) are known, in Spanish, as Rionegrenses.
Pain means that there is a poor latch.
If the pain lasts longer than a few seconds, the latch is probably not correct.
The tway for getting a good latch is to gently break the suction by placing a clean finger into the baby's baby's mouth and help the baby latch on again.
When the baby unlatches, the nipple should the same or slightly longer.
Pain or pinching is a sign of a poor latch.
When the baby latches it can feel like a pinch that goes away.
If it's more painful than that, it's probably a bad latch.
And if the latch hurts the mother, it also keeps the baby from getting enough milk.
Hold the infant against a bare chest.
Dress the infant in only a diaper to ensure skin-to-skin contact.
Keep the infant upright, with his or her head directly under the chin.
Support the infant's neck and shoulders with one hand and his or her hips with the other hand.
The infant may try to move around to find the breast.
The infant's head should be slightly tilted back to make nursing and swallowing easier.
When his or her head is tilted back and the mouth is open, the tongue will naturally be down in the mouth to allow the breast to go on top of it.
At first, allow the breast to hang naturally.
The infant may open his or her mouth when the nipple is near his or her mouth.
The mother also can gently guide the infant to latch on to the nipple.
While the infant is feeding, his or her nostrils may flare to breathe in air.
Do not panic—this flaring is normal.
The infant can breathe normally while breastfeeding.
Fläsch is a municipality of the district Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
In 1915, the US Army started testing trucks that were made to go off-road to see if they could replace horses and mules.
Since then, the Army has built many different kinds of trucks or had private companies build trucks for them.
Almost all old Army trucks had manual transmissions.
Now most have automatic transmissions.
A transfer case is mounted behind the transmission.
It sends power to the front axle.
In manual transmission trucks it has a very low gear that can go very slowly on bad ground.
Automatic transmission trucks do not need a low gear.
In the 1920s, the Army built and tested a few trucks.
The truck builders didn't do much.
Then, in 1930, the Army built an test group of trucks.
The standard fleet come in different sizes.
They were strong and reliable, but only test trucks were built.
The American truck builders said the Army was taking their business away.
The Army had to stop building trucks.
It was the Great Depression and the Army had very little money for trucks.
Builders starting making test models in 1935.
By 1939, more than 20 builders had made and improved test models.
During World War II, the US made a large number of trucks and loaned many to other allied countries.
In 1945, all truck building ended.
With the war over, there were too many trucks for the Army to use.
Many were left in the countries where they had been used.
Jeeps and -ton trucks could be found all over the world.
Most were used by armies, but some were sold to civilians.
These types didn't change much for 25 years.
A new Jeep (M151) was used from 1960.
The -ton changed to a civilian type -ton size.
The larger trucks were fixed up but were still the 1950s types.
All the units of the French army but also of the French Air Force and the French Navy participate in Operation Sentinelle.
It results in a massive presence of French soldiers in the streets, public places and public transport, in reinforcement of the police and the gendarmerie.
The Grumman S-2 Tracker is an american military aircraft built for operations against soviets submarines of the Cold War.
Grumman sold it at various foreign countries like Brazil, Japan, or Turkey.
With a population of 16,879, Vendôme has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Nyanzapithecus alesi was an ape that lived thirteen million years ago in Africa.
A complete skull of an infant was recovered and reported in 2017.
In November 2016 a CD with Fryderyk Chopin’s Concerto in E minor, Op.
11, performed by Krzysztof Książek with the Santander Orchestra under the baton of José Maria Florêncio was released.
In the autumn of this year, Krzysztof Książek's solo album will be released with Fryderyk Chopin’s works.
The inhabitants of the Rivera department (and of the city of Rivera) are known, in Spanish, as Riverenses.
Tibetan Spaniels are a social breed that needs to spend a lot of time with people.
They do not like to be left alone for long periods of time.
The university began as an agricultural (farming) college in 1907 and set-up the first Canadian university-based department of extension (teaching people who have already finished school new things, without having to be a full-time student) in 1910.
There were set aside for university buildings and for the U of S farm, and farming fields.
In total was set aside for the university.
The main University campus is situated upon , with another allocated for Innovation Place Research Park.
The University of Saskatchewan agriculture college still has access to city land nearby.
The University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization (VIDO) facility, (2003) develops DNA-enhanced immunization vaccines for both humans and animals.
The inhabitants of the Tacuarembó department (and of the city of Rivera) are known, in Spanish, as Tacuaremboenses.
Airbus Training Centre Europe is a training centre of the company which make aircrafts Airbus.
It is in Blagnac, close to Toulouse (France).
The school is member of the International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools.
The China Earthquake Administration put up a Level I reaction.
It later changed to Level II.
They sent the army to the earthquake area for rescue.
At 21:26 CST (UTC+8), Health and Family Planning Commission of Sichuan Province started an emergency plan.
The medical rescue team was going to head to the earthquake area within one hour.
AeronautX Luftfahrtschule is a flight school located in Linz, Austria.
It has been created in 1998.
Liggett's main work was the land along his front fence, on the north side of U.S.
Route 400 in Mullinville.
He was also a featured artist at the Folk Art Museum in Lucas, Kansas.
Fiat and Peugeot made the same vehicle but with different names, The names were Fiat Scudo and Peugeot Expert.
From the late 1840s to the 1950s, missionaries, agricultural experts and schoolteachers tried to Norwegianize the Sami; the first formal act of Parliament regarding the Norwegianization of the Sami people was made in 1848: 'The government is requested to investigate ...
[find out if, and how far] there should be opportunity to bring the Norwegian Lapps, especially those living in coastal areas , instruction in the Norwegian language for the enlightenment of these people, and that the result of their findings be reported to the next Parliament'.
[Norway's] authorities [or government] made a language directive (or rule) in 1880, which was made more forceful in 1898.
It said that 'Teachers in those districts where the Lappish ...
and Finnish (kvænsk) languages are permitted for the sake of facilitating instruction in the public schools shall do their utmost to spread knowledge of the Norwegian language and seek to promote its use in the circles where they work'.
Furthermore, the government had a major objective for the school[s]: Not a single Sami word was to be heard on the school grounds [or in school buildings].
In reindeer farming, the Sami travel with their flocks [of reindeer] according to an established cycle; the cycle makes sure that the [reindeer] can eat properly during the various [or different] seasons of the year.
For example, the spring migration to summer pastures, which have a rich variety of grasses and herbs, takes place just before new calves are born in May.
Summer is a time when the calves grow and the adult animals regain their strength following a long, hard winter.
He was the founder of political philosophy.
Socrates taught that no one wants what is bad.
So if anyone does something bad, it must be unintentional, out of ignorance.
He concludes that all virtue is knowledge.
He often talks about his own ignorance.
÷ (pronounced divide) is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.
It was released on 3 March 2017 through Asylum Records and Atlantic Records.
Castle on the Hill and Shape of You were released as the album's lead singles on 6 January 2017.
French peerage thus differed from British peerage (to whom the term baronage, also employed as the title of the lowest noble rank, was applied in its generic sense), for the vast majority of French nobles, from baron to duke, were not peers.
It was analogous to the rank of Grandee of Spain in this respect.
Ptolemy I Soter (; , ; c.
367 BC – January 282 BC) was a general in the Greek army of Alexander the Great who was the king and pharaoh of ancient Egypt from 305/304 BC until he died.
He was the first king of Egypt during the Hellenistic period.
Ptolemy made Alexandria the capital city of Egypt.
(The old capital was Memphis).
Ptolemy's children were the next kings of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
This dynasty (line of rulers) controlled Egypt until the beginning of the Roman Empire.
Taka was born in Seattle, Washington.
She grew up in Los Angeles, California.
As early as February 2017, The New York Times had reported that the Trump administration was considering eliminating the office, and other programs responsible for a total of $2.5 billion of domestic spending.
Hurricane Irma was a Category 5 hurricane in 2017, the 9th named storm, 4th hurricane, 2nd major hurricane, and a 1st Category 5 hurricane of the hyperactive 2017 Atlantic hurricane season.
Irma is also the 4th consecutive hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season—after Franklin, Gert, and Harvey.
The storm threatened the Leeward Islands, Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.
Irma was also forecast to threaten the East Coast of the United States, but later forecast to hit Southwest Florida.
FOUNDED MONTEREY BAY,FIRST EUROPEAN FO STEP FOOT ON San Fancusco Bay.
On 4 September 2017 archeologists were taken to the exact place, where the sword was found.
The Aérospatiale SA-341 Gazelle is a French helicopter designed and built by Aérospatiale.
It was also built under licence in UK by Westland as Westland Gazelle for Royal Navy and Royal Air Force.
Some were built and used by Yugoslavia as SOKO SA-341 Partizan.
It was used for anti-tank, reconnaissance and training.
With a population of 4,516, Die has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Ichiyanagi won the 33rd Suntory Music Award (2001).
He has been honored with Japan's Order of Culture.
Coimbatore was a part of the ancient Chera kingdom during the Sangam Age.
After the Chera kingdom fell, the region was ruled by the Western Gangas and the Hoysalas.
Coimbatore came under Muslim rule in the 13th century AD and was a province of the Vijayanagar Empire.
After the fall of the Vijayanagar Empire, Coimbatore was ruled by the Madurai Nayaks till 17th century.
A series of wars between the Kingdoms of Kingdom of Mysore of Madurai Nayak dynasty resulted in the region coming under the control of Mysore kings till the defeat of Tipu Sultan in the Third Mysore War in 1792, Coimbatore became a part of British India.
The seat of administration was the town of Ramanathapuram.
The Zamindari had its origins in the Kingdom of Ramnad established by Raghunatha Kilavan in the late 17th century.
In 1803, the Kingdom was converted to a Zamindari by the British.
The male rulers of Ramnathapuram also bore the title of Sethupathi or protector of the bridge, the bridge here referring to the legendary Rama's Bridge while female rulers bore the title Nachiyar.
The Justice Party, officially the South Indian Liberal Federation, was a political party in the Madras Presidency of British India.
It was established in 1917 by T.
M.
Nair and P.
Theagaraya Chetty as a result of a series of non-Brahmin conferences and meetings in the presidency.
Communal division between Brahmins and non-Brahmins began in the presidency during the late-19th and early-20th century, mainly due to caste prejudices and too much Brahminical representation in government jobs.
In 1920, it won the first direct elections in the presidency and formed the government.
For the next seventeen years, it formed four out of the five ministries and was in power for thirteen years.
It was the main political alternative to the nationalist Indian National Congress in Madras.
After it lost to the Congress in the 1937 election, it never recovered.
It came under the leadership of Periyar E.
V.
Ramaswamy and his Self-Respect Movement.
In 1944, Periyar transformed the Justice Party into the social organisation Dravidar Kazhagam and withdrew it from electoral politics.
A rebel faction that called itself the original Justice Party, contested one final election, in 1952.
Tanjore district was constituted in 1799 when the Thanjavur Maratha ruler Serfoji II ceded most of his kingdom to the British East India Company in return for his restitution on the throne.
Tanjore district, which is situated on the Cauvery Delta, is one of the richest rice-growing regions in South India.
It was scarcely affected by famines such as the Great Famine of 1876–78.
Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi is a in Tamil Nadu, India.Its chairman is Thol.
Thirumavalavan, a lawyer from Chennai.The party's main principle is the abolition of the Hindu caste system and the institution of equality among Tamil people.
The political party believes that true social equality lies in the unification of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, Other Backward Classes, and minorities such as the Christians and Muslims of Tamil Nadu.The Party is against capitalism, caste domination, and Brahminism.
Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Party is one among the parties along with Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Paataali Makkal katchi which Campaigned against government liquor shops of Tamil Nadu popularly known as TASMAC.
In 2011, as two new teams were added to the IPL, the IPL Governing Council declared that each franchise could retain a maximum of four players of their squad, only three of whom can be Indian players, and the rest of the international players would be put in the mega-auction.
The Chennai franchise, keen to have the same set of core players, retained captain MS Dhoni, vice-captain Suresh Raina, Murali Vijay and all-rounder Albie Morkel for a total of $4.5 million.
At the auction, they bought back some of their star players of previous seasons such as Hussey, Ashwin, Bollinger and Subramaniam Badrinath.
In the 2011 IPL, they lost three of their first five games which placed them at the bottom of the ten-team points table.But then, they went on to win seven of their next eight games to finish second and register a spot in the knockout stages.
They faced the top-ranked team Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Qualifying final which they won by 6 wickets thanks to an unbeaten 73 from Suresh Raina.
The highest ODI score here was made by Pakistan in 1997 when Pakistan scored 327–5, India replied with 292 all out, which is the third highest score here.
The second highest score is 299–8 made by India on 22 October 2015 against South Africa which India defended successfully.
The fourth highest score is 289–4 made by Australia against New Zealand.
Yuvraj Singh has scored the most number of runs here with 255 runs in ODIs.
Mohammad Rafique has taken the most number of wickets (14 wickets), followed by Ajit Agarkar, who is the highest wicket taking Indian cricketer.
Grumman F-11/F11F Tiger is an American fighter jet.
It was used by the US Navy, in particular by the Blue Angels.
After September 1962 it was called F-11 Tiger.
None were sold to foreign countries.
After becoming a tropical storm, it had an eye, a clear opening at the center of the storm.
6 hours later since becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) named it Tropical Storm Maria.
On September 17, Maria turned to move west-northwest and quickly becomes a Category 1 hurricane.
In just 12 hours, it became a Category 5 hurricane with maximum winds of 160 mph (260 km/h) on September 18.
Australia's musical traditions include the English, Scottish, and Irish folk songs of the convicts, as well as the work of pastoral poets of the 1880s.
A number of awards have been set up to recognize bush balladeers.
Jeff Brown was nominated for a Golden Guitar Award in the Bush Ballad of the Year category for a song he recorded In the wings of the yard in 2008.
He said it was ...important to keep the old yarns alive through country music ballads.
It's our heritage really and it needs to be kept alive somehow and the old bush ballads are the way to do it.
Past winners of the Country Music Awards Australia Bush Ballad of the Year include Anne Kirkpatrick and Joy McKean.
The Stan Coster Memorial Bush Ballad Award has several categories.
In 2007 Reg Poole was male vocalist of the year for ‘A Tribute To Slim’, Graham Rodger was Songwriter of the Year for ‘The Battle Of Long Tan’, and Dean Perrett for Album of the Year for ‘New Tradition’ The magazine, the Balladeers Bulletin magazine also hold a Bush Balladeer Starquest competition.
At the 2008 36th Country Music Awards of Australia held in Tamworth, Amos Morris became the youngest artist ever to win the Golden Guitar trophy for the Bush Ballad of the Year category with Sign of the Times.
Eighteen countries participated in the second semi-final.
Those countries, plus France, Germany and Italy voted in this semi-final.
India toured West Indies after the World Cup with captain MS Dhoni rested and vice-captain Virender Sehwag injured.
Gautam Gambhir was named the captain for the One-dayers and T20's with Raina as his deputy.
But due to injury Gambhir was ruled out, with Raina captaining with Harbhajan as his deputy.
India won the series, but Raina averaged just 16.4.
In the Test matches, he scored 232 runs at the average of 46.4 scoring crucial fifties in each Test.
His captaincy was highly appreciated by former west-Indian legends.
In the first ODI, Raina played an attacking 45 ball, 50-run knock to help India reach 314.
They eventually won the match by 21 runs on 21 July 2012.
In the second ODI he was out for 1 but he came back stronger in the third ODI where he played a blistering 45 balls 65 to hand India a five-wicket win and he eventually also won the man of the match award for his performance.
Gambhir too scored a century in that match.
He was out for a duck in the last ODI.
Meerut district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Meerut is the district headquarters.
Meerut district is also a part of the Meerut division.
The administrative head of district of Meerut is a District Magisrtate while the administrative head of Meerut Division is Divisional Commissioner, an IAS officer.
Fatehpur Sikri has a population of 28,757.
Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%.
Fatehpur Sikri has an average literacy rate of 46%, lower than the national average of 74%; male literacy is 57%, and female literacy is 34%.
In Fatehpur Sikri, 59% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Allahabad district is a part of Allahabad Division.
Allahabad District is divided into blocks within tehsils.
As of 2011, there are 23 blocks in eight tehsils.
The Allahabad division includes the districts of Fatehpur, Kaushambi and Allahabad, with the western Allahabad District becoming part of the new Kaushambi district.
The administrative divisions are Phulpur, Koraon, Meja, Sadar, Soraon, Handia, Bara and Karchana.
The three rivers of India - Ganges, Yamuna and the mythical river of Sarasvati - meet at a point in the Allahabad District, known as Sangam, considered holy by Hindus.
Allahabad was once the capital of United Province before independence.
Allahabad is one of the largest educational hub having many major educational institutes such as the Indian Institute Of Information Technology, Moti Lal Nehru National Institute Of Technology, University Of Allahabad, CMP Degree College, Ewing Christian College and Gautam Buddh Technical University affiliated number of Engineering Colleges, MotiLal Nehru Medical College, JK Institute - these provides higher education.
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 94.91% of the population in the district spoke Hindi (or a variant of Hindi), 2.69% Urdu and 1.86% Awadhi as their first language.
Hinduism is majority religion in the district with 85.69% followers.
Islam is second most popular religion in district of Allahabad with approximately 13.38% following it.
Around 0.93% stated 'Other Religion', approximately 0.90% stated 'No Particular Religion'.
Phulpur is a town and a nagar near Singra Mau panchayat in Allahabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
It is the Lok Sabha seat from which Jawaharlal Nehru got elected to the Indian Parliament.
Phulpur has given birth to religious idol 'Rameshwaranand Pandey of Singra Mau (Now his idol placed in -Shree Ganesh Mandir)' also gave the first Prime Minister to India.
One of the India's agriculture industry called IFFCO is in Phulpur and upcoming Yuva Neta 'Vidyadhar Pandey from Singra Mau'.
In 2011 a new district named Sambhal district is formed with two sub districts of Moradabad district.
Varanasi cantonment has 2,760 families with a total population of 14,119.
Sex ratio of the census town is 824 and child sex ratio is 827.
Uttar Pradesh state average for both ratios is 912 and 902 respectively .
Kurnool District is a district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India, in the west-central part of the state and is bounded by Mahabubnagar district of Telangana in the north, Raichur district of Karnataka in the northwest, Bellary district of Karnataka in the west, Ananthapur district in the south, YSR Kadapa district in the South East and Prakasham district in the east.
The city of Kurnool is the headquarters of the district.
It has a population of 4,053,463 of which 28.35% were urban as of 2011.
It occupies 10th and 2nd place in terms of area in Largest Districts of India and Andhra Pradesh respectively, accounting for and 53rd place in terms of Population in India.
Haryana, with 22 districts, is a state in the northern region of India and is the nation's seventeenth most populous.
The state borders with Punjab and Himachal Pradesh to the north and Rajasthan to the west and south.
The river Yamuna defines its eastern border with Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh.
Haryana also surrounds Delhi on three sides, forming the northern, western and southern borders of Delhi.
Consequently, a large area of Haryana is included in the National Capital Region.
Revenue department is headed by a Deputy Commissioner or District Magistrate, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service.
The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by officers belonging to Himachal Administrative Service and other state services.
A Superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to the Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues.
He/she is assisted by the local police officials.
A Deputy Conservator of Forests, an officer belonging to the Indian Forest Service is responsible for managing the Forests, environment and wild-life related issues of the district.
He/she is assisted by the officers of the Himachal Forest Service, other Himachal Forest officials and Himachal Wild-Life officials.
There are 4 districts in Sikkim, an Indian state, each overseen by a Central Government appointee, the district collector, who is in charge of the administration of the civilian areas of the districts.
The Indian army has control of a large territory, as the state is a sensitive border area.
Many areas are restricted and permits are needed to visit them.
There are a total of eight towns and nine subdivisions in Sikkim.
Diu district () is one of the three districts of the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu of India.
It is the ninth least populous district in the country (out of 640).
As a Deputy Commissioner he is the executive head of the district.
The District Magistrate is responsible for maintaining the law and order situation in the district.
As the Collector he is the Chief Revenue Officer of the district responsible for revenue collection and recovery.
A Superintendent of Police (SP) controls the police administration of each district.
The Indian state of Tripura borders with Bangladesh and the Indian states of Assam & Mizoram.
The third smallest state in India and also a princely state till 1949, It covers an area of 10,491 km2 (4,051 sq mi).The area of modern Tripura was ruled for several centuries by the Tripuri dynasty.
It was a princely state during British rule, and joined the newly independent India.Ethnic strife between the indigenous people and Bengali population led to tension and scattered violence since its integration into the country, but the establishment of an autonomous tribal administrative agency and other strategies have led to peace.
Tripura was divided into 4 districts but with effect from 21 January 2012 four more new districts was divided making a total of 8 districts in the state.
The celebration is celebrated in the Tamil month of Aani (June–July)lasting a month.
Each day the Panchamurthi or the Five divine Gods idol are taken through each streets of Karaikal.
On the main day of the festival the huge idol of Lord Bikshatanar is taken through the streets.
On the same day, people of Karaikal throw Mangani or Mangoes from their roof towards the crowd.
Ramanathapuram (), also known as Ramnad, is a city and a municipality in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It is the administrative headquarters of Ramanathapuram district and the second largest town (by population) in Ramanathapuram district.
census, the town had a population of 61,440.Density of population: 320 people per square kilometer; Literacy Rate: 81.48% - Male: 87.89%, Female: 74.93%; Male Female Ratio: 1000:977.Ramanathapuram is the top producer of chilli pepper in Tamil Nadu.
It is connected to other cities by NH-49.
In communication a receiver is used for the reception of message or data signals.
A receiver can be of any type such as rhombic,yagiuda, parabolic etc.
It is a device that is designed to receive the signals which are in the form of both electric and electromagnetic form.
Ulundurpet is in the southern region of Villupuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The town of Ulundurpet is the taluk headquarters.
It is co-terminus with Ulundurpet revenue block.
There are fifty-three panchayat villages, and 178 villages in the taluk.
The state assembly constituency for Tamil Nadu is the Ulundurpet constituency.
Current research seeks connections between dreaming and current knowledge about how the brain works, as well as understanding of how the brain works during dreaming as pertains to memory formation and mental disorders.
The study of Oneirology can mean from dream interpretation in that the aim is to quantitatively study the process of dreams instead of analyzing the meaning behind them.
According to the 2011 census North Delhi has a population of 883,418, roughly equal to the nation of Fiji or the US state of Delaware.
This gives it a ranking of 468th in India (out of a total of 640).
The district has a population density of .
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.04%.
North Delhi has a sex ratio of 871 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 86.81%.
North Sikkim is a district of the Indian state of Sikkim.
The district headquarters is Mangan.
It is the seventh least populous district in the country (out of 640).
Malappuram district contains abundant wildlife and a number of small hills, forests, rivers and streams flowing to the west, backwaters and paddy, arecanut, cashew nut, pepper, ginger, pulses, coconut, banana, tapioca, and rubber plantations.
Malappuram is one of two Muslim-majority districts in south India.
The Hindu temples and Moplah mosques of the region are known for their colorful festivals, and it is the most populous district in Kerala.
Religions practised in the district include Hinduism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism and tribal religions.
Malappuram is the 50th-most-populous of India's 640 districts, with a population density of .
Its population-growth rate from 2001 to 2011 was 13.39 percent.
Malappuram has a sex ratio of 1096 women to 1000 men, and its literacy rate is 93.55 percent.
The district has an area of and a population of 3,307,284 (as per the 2011 census), the second-most populous district in Kerala after Malappuram district.
It is the densest district in Kerala with .
It is divided into six taluks: Thiruvananthapuram, Chirayinkeezhu, Neyyattinkara, Nedumangadu, Varkala and Kattakada.
The urban bodies in the district are the Thiruvananthapuram Corporation, Varkala, Neyyattinkara, Attingal and Nedumangad municipalities.
According to the 2011 census Thiruvananthapuram district has a population of 3,307,284, roughly equal to the nation of Uruguay or the US state of Connecticut.
This gives it a ranking of 103rd in India (out of a total of 640 districts).
The district has a population density of .
Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 2.25%.
Thiruvananthapuram has a sex ratio of 1088 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 92.66%.
In the 2001 Indian Census Hindus made up 61.47% of the population; Christians 10.84%; and Muslims 27.63%.The majority of the Anglo-Indian community lives in the Kannur Cantonment and the surrounding areas of Thillery, No.3 Bazaar and Camp Bazaar.
Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala.
Also, it is the largest district in kerala from 2006.
The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters.
Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District, on the southwest by the Thrissur District, on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu.
The district is 24.4% urbanised according to the census of 2011.
The district is nicknamed the granary of Kerala and Rice bowl of Kerala.
He graduated from the Paris Diderot University in information technology, and started his career at University of Picardie Jules Verne in 1995.
He moved to CNRS in 2003.
Rainer Rai Weiss (; ; born September 29, 1932) is a German-born American physicist of partly Jewish descent (his father was Jewish).
A Structural pipe fitting, also known as a slip on pipe fitting, clamp or pipe clamp is used to build structures such as handrails, guardrails, and other types of pipe or tubular structure.
They can also be used to build furniture and theatrical riggings.
The fittings slip on the pipe and are usually locked down with a set screw.
The set screw can then be tightened with a simple hex wench.
Because of the modular design of standard fittings, assembly is easy, only simple hand tools are required, and risks from welding a structure are eliminated.
Other advantages of using structural pipe fittings are easy installation and reconfigurable design.
Since there are no permanent welds in the structure, the set screws of the fittings can simply be loosened, allowing them to be repositioned.
The project can be disassembled and stored if needed, or even taken apart with fittings and pipe recycled into a new project.
Mohnke led the 5th company of the 2nd Battalion of the Infanterie-Regiment Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, at the outset of the Battle of France in 1940.
He took command of the 2nd Battalion on 28 May after the battalion commander was wounded.
It was around this time that Mohnke was allegedly involved in the murder of 80 British prisoners of war (POWs) of the 48th South Midland Infantry Division.
The first sentence is the biblical verse John 3:16 in the King James Version written in English using scriptio continua writing, and the second is the same sentence written in English using spaces, punctuation and cases.
The Cheyenne (/ʃaɪˈæn/ shy-AN) are a people of the Great Plains.
The language they use, the Cheyenne language, is part of the Algonquian language group.
Now, the Cheyenne people are broken into two nations seen by the government: the Southern Cheyenne, who are part of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes in Oklahoma, and the Northern Cheyenne, who represent the Northern Cheyenne Tribe of the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Montana.
The Cheyenne comprise two Native American tribes, the Só'taeo'o or Só'taétaneo'o (usually spelled as Suhtai or Sutaio) and the Tsétsêhéstâhese (also spelled as Tsitsistas, like [t͡sɪt͡shɪstʰɑs]).
The tribes connected in the early 19th century.
Monaco's theatre career includes Lindsay Posner’s 2009 revival of Arthur Miller’s A View From the Bridge, in which Monaco made his West End debut playing Marco, opposite Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Ken Stott and Hayley Atwell.
He has also appeared in a number of plays at London's National Theatre, including Steven Pimlott’s final production, Tennessee Williams's The Rose Tattoo starring Zoë Wanamaker (Pimlott died in the second week of rehearsals and artistic director Nicholas Hytner took over as director).
He has also played opposite Lesley Manville in the premier of Rebecca Lenkiewicz’s play, Her Naked Skin (directed by Howard Davis) and Fiona Shaw in Deborah Warner’s production of Mother Courage and Her Children.
With a population of 15,689, Montbrison has a population density of inhabitants/km.
The traditional music of Africa, given the vastness of the continent, is historically ancient, rich and diverse, with different regions and nations of Africa having many distinct musical traditions.
Music in Africa is very important when it comes to religion.
Songs and music are used in rituals and religious ceremonies, to pass down stories from generation to generation, as well as to sing and dance to.
Mechanical ventilators work by themselves without manual operation and are usually controlled by computers, and can be powered by either electricity connected to a wall outlet or battery, or pneumatics without the use of electricity.
The air can be moved in and out of the patient by attaching an oxygen mask on the patient or by connecting the ventilator to a breathing tube inserted into the nostrils, the larynx or the trachea.
They are used to help the patient breathe for a long period of time.
Positive pressure ventilators work by blowing air from the outside or from an oxygen tank or air tank through a pneumatic reservoir which holds and compressing the air, or through a turbine which turns around and forces the air through a mask or breathing tube and into the patient.
As the air is forced into the lungs, the patient would later breathe out through a patient circuit with a one-way valve.
In the British National Health Service about 5 million pairs of spectacles were provided each year in the 1950s.
The Yongle Emperor (May 2, 1360– August 12, 1424), known in China as , was the 3rd emperor of the Ming part of China's history.
He was the emperor of China from 1402 to 1424.
He is important because he moved China's capital to Beijing, built its Forbidden City, and sent Zheng He on trips to Indonesia, India, Arabia, and eastern Africa.
Grumbach taught at the College of Saint Rose in Albany, New York, the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and American University in Washington, DC, and was literary editor of The New Republic for several years.
For two decades, she and her partner, Sybil Pike, managed a bookstore, Wayward Books, in Sargentville, Maine, until 2009 when they moved to a retirement home in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja while the lyrics for songs were written by Vairamuthu.
All the songs were well received.
G.
Dhananjayan in his book Pride of Tamil cinema – 1931 to 2013 wrote that the songs helped tremendously in film's success.
On 12 January 1967, Radha and a producer K.N.
Vasu of Muthukumaran Pictures visited the actor and politician M.
G.
Ramachandran at his home to talk about a future project.
During the conversation, Radha suddenly got up from his chair and shot twice at Ramachandran's left ear.
Both bullets got lodged in Ramachandran's neck.
Radha then turned the gun on himself and tried to shoot himself, but the bullet just scratched his right temple.
Radha and Ramachandran were admitted to the Government General Hospital, Chennai, where they survived after proper treatment.
The only eye witness for the shooting event was producer Vasu.
As majority of the evidences were against Radha, he was sentenced to a seven-year term.
At the High Court hearing, considering his age, the sentence was reduced to three and a half years.
This episode is the second episode of Singer 2018.
It was recorded on January 11, 2018, and was broadcast on January 19, 2018 at 8:00 p.m.
Beijing time on Hunan Television.
1st round, Juno Su is going to participate challenge round, as the first challenge singer, at last she gets No.5 temporarily safe, and Li Xiaodong is the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
1st round, due to Juno Su gets No.5 temporarily safe in matches, Li Xiaodong is eliminated, as the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
This episode is the third episode of Singer 2018.
It was recorded on January 18, 2018, and was broadcast on January 26, 2018 at 8:00 p.m.
Beijing time on Hunan Television.
James Li joins the competition in the 1st challenge round, as the first substitute singer.
In match 3, Juno Su gets No.3 challenge success, as Sam Lee is No.7 in the episode thus eliminated.
With a population of 6,794, Ambert has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Port Blair () is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India in the Bay of Bengal.
It is also the local administrative sub-division (tehsil) of the islands, the headquarters for the district of South Andaman, and is the territory's only notified town.
It houses the headquarters of the Andaman and Nicobar Police and the Andaman and Nicobar Command, the first integrated tri-command of the armed forces of India.
The Cellular Jail, also known as Kālā Pānī (Hindi for black waters), was a colonial prison in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.
The prison was used by the British especially to exile political prisoners to the remote archipelago.
Many notable dissidents such as Batukeshwar Dutt, Yogendra Shukla and Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, among others, were imprisoned here during the struggle for India's independence.
Today, the complex serves as a national memorial monument.
The construction of the prison started in 1896 and was completed in 1906.
The original building was a puce-colored brick building.The bricks used to build the building were brought from Burma.Each of the seven wings had three stories upon completion.
There were no dormitories and a total of 696 cells.
Each cell was in size with a ventilator located at a height of .
The name, cellular jail, derived from the solitary cells which prevented any prisoner from communicating with any other.
Also, the spokes were so designed such that the face of a cell in a spoke saw the back of cells in another spoke.
This way, communication between prisoners was impossible.
The Empire of Japan invaded the Andaman islands in 1942 and drove out the British.
The Cellular Jail then became home to British prisoners.
During this period, Subhas Chandra Bose also visited the island.
In 1945, the British resumed control with the end of World War II.
Ross Island is an island of the Andaman Islands.
It belongs to the South Andaman administrative district, Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Oriental Pearl Tower is located in the Lujiazui neighborhood of Pudong New Area.
It is 468 meters tall.
It was the tallest building in China from 1994 to 2007.
The whole design of the tower aims for an effect of splendor, giving the viewer the impression that pearls of various sizes are dropping onto an emerald plate.
It has thousands of visitors a day.
Albaston () is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
It is in the civil parish of Calstock.
Icelandic horses are a breed of horse that resist the cold, have two unique gaits, and are a breed with special names.
Icelandics in winter get really fluffy coats, helping keep the cold out.
For the Civil parishes which often share the name of a village, see Civil parishes in Cornwall.
Asiago is a mountain town in the Northern Italian alps and the birthplace of the world-famous Asiago cheese.
The town is located on a plateau at an altitude of 3800 feet (1000 meters) and has a population of more than 6000 people.
Asiago is also known as the site of a major battle during the first World War and is home to a war memorial and observatory.
Its current economy is based on farming, dairy production and tourism.
Roads connect Asiago to the cities of Verona, Venice and Trento and their international airports.
The town of Asiago is located at an altitude of 3280 feet (1,000 meters), and it covers an area of 1.8 square miles (2.95 Km2).
Asiago is the largest city on its plateau.
The land is flat with low hills, and it’s surrounded by the Brenta and the Astico rivers.
The land is covered by forests or it is used as pasture.
The temperature varies from 25 °F to 71 °F (-4C to 21C).
The warmer season is between June and September with an average daily high temperature around 64 °F(18C).
The cold season is from November to March, with an average daily high temperature below 43 °F(6C).
Most of the snow falls between November and April with an average snow depth between 0.1 and 0.4 inches.
Humans were present in the area since Paleolithic times.
Inside of local caves, evidence of the presence of first settlers, such as weapons, stone tools and cave painting, have been documented.
In the following centuries, the plateau became the settlement for different peoples like Bavarians, Scandinavians and Cimbri.
These different cultures have left their signs in the local language and traditions.
Asiago and the six other towns on the plateau formed an alliance and shared a common government between 1310 and 1807.
The alliance was an autonomous state and an ally of the Republic of Venice.
After 1807, Asiago became part of the Republic of Venice and then of the Italian kingdom.
During World War I (1915-1918), the plateau was the place of many battles between the Austro-Hungarians and Italians.
The deadliest battle took place on the 15th of May 1916 and lasted for two weeks.
For the first time on the Italian front, the Austro-Hungarian army used toxic gas.
The battle caused the deaths of 15,000 Italian and 10,000 Austro-Hungarian soldiers.
The civilian population of Asiago was evacuated and the town was destroyed as the result of heavy bombing.
After the end of the war, some of the original population returned to Asiago and rebuilt the town.
The famous American writer Ernest Hemingway spent time in Asiago during the first World War as an ambulance driver.
In 1922, he wrote a poem inspired by this experience and called “Arsiero, Asiago.
Asiago offers many outdoor activities such as hiking and skiing.
There are 500 km of ski slopes and 260 km of biking trails (the Plateau Grand Tour).
Many tourists are also attracted by the opportunity to taste local foods and visit historical sites from the first World War.
Since 2003, the number of tourists has been decreasing every year.
In 2015, 174,139 tourists visited Asiago.
Asiago is the birthplace and the place of production of Asiago cheese.
Production dates back to the 11th century.
During the first World War the method of production was changed in order to feed the growing number of soldiers present on the plateau.
This led to the development of the modern version of Asiago cheese, which is now popular around the world.
The town of Asiago is the fifth major site of cheese production in Italy, exporting primarily to Switzerland and the United States.
The production and origin of Asiago cheese are established under European union rules and guaranteed by a P.D.O.
(protected designation of origin) label.
In 2016, the population of Asiago was 6,426.
Following a common trend in Italian mountain communities, the population has decreased in number and has become older in age in the last few decades.
Asiago is connected by road to the cities of Vicenza, Trento and Bassano.
Regular bus services connect Asiago to near towns and cities.
The closest international airports are the ones of Verona and Venice.
Asiago is also the site of a small airfield, which is a popular destination for flying in from Northern Italy, Southern Germany and Southern Austria.
He started his college coaching career at North Carolina as an assistant coach for Dean Smith in 1978.
Williams' first coaching job was in 1973 as a high school basketball and golf coach at Charles D.
Owen High School[8] in Black Mountain, North Carolina.
He coached basketball and boys' golf for five years and ninth-grade football for four years, and served as athletic director for two years.
Gualtieri Galmanini (1909 – 1978) was an Italian architect, industrial designer and furniture designer.
Galmanini is a protagonist of Italian rationalism.
Gualtiero Galmanini studied in Milan graduating from Regio Istituto Tecnico Superiore (the future Politecnico), and at the same time starting his professional activity and career academic.
Abdul Taleb Zaki, son of Abdul Wahid born in 1960 in Bamiyan Province of Afghanistan.
He was a commander and a member of Hezbe Wahdat political party in Afghanistan.
The two chambers are the Chamber of the deputies (Câmaras dos deputados) and the Senate (Senado).
The president of the senate is also the president of the National Congress.
The chamber of the deputies has 344 deputies elected for a 4-years term and is ruled by a president (presidente).
Primary waves travel faster than any other waves, so when earthquakes occur primary waves arrive first at the surface.
That’s why we call them ‘primary’.
Primary waves can go through solids, liquids and gases.
Primary waves go 7~8 kilometers per second in solids, but primary waves have different speeds in liquids and gases.
Ilayaraaja introduced Western type of music into the Tamil cinema.He is also known for creating music by fusing symphonic orchestration with traditional Indian instrumentation.In 1993 he organised a full symphony performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London and thus became the First Indian to compose a full symphony, with Ravi Shankar being the only other Indian to do so.
He is also the first Asian to compose a full symphony performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.
He has won five Indian National Film Awards (the highest film honor in India); three for Best Music Direction and two for Best Background Score.
In 2010 he has received Padma Bhushan, awarded by the Government of India.
National Deep Fried Clams Day is a national holiday celebrating the process of deep frying and consuming clams.
Chusquea quila (in Spanish quila), in contrast to Colihue, has a spreading or vining growth.
It prefers wet places and does not grow above , where C.
coleou becomes more dominant.
Chusquea quila can form pure stands called quilantales.
Very few plants can grow under this species.
On 12 June 2012, it was launched in Russia.
On 30 January 2015, it is available in Bulgaria and in Baltic countries and in Balkans.
On 30 September 2015, Boomerang was launched on Freesat in Czech Republic.
In 2013 Twenty-20 was founded to implement Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives of the company in Kizhakkambalam, the eastern suburb of Kochi.
The long-term objective of Twenty-20 is to make Kizhakkambalam a model village by the year 2020 – a model of sustainable development, replicable anywhere in India and the world.
In November 2015 Twenty-20 managed to win local body elections with 69 percent vote share.
Deva has composed music for many movies within a very short period.
His first movie as a movie music director is the movie Manasukkeththa Maharasa in 1989.
In these years he has composed music for more than 400 movies.
Deva was born to M.
C.
Chokkalingam and M.
C.
Krishnaveni in the year 1950, November 20th.
Even in his childhood, Deva was attracted to the world of music.
Teaming up with Chandra Bose, he did many musical programmes in stage.
He started learning classical music under Dhanraj.
Later he completed a course in Western music at Trinity College of Music in London.
His son Srikanth Deva is also a music director.
Deva's brothers are also music directors, formed the duo Sabesh-Murali.
His nephew Jai is an actor.
So far he has composed music for more than 400 movies, which include Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam movies.
He is also famous for his compositions for religious movies.
He was widely renowned for his music for Rajinikanth acted Basha movie.
Gangai Amaran is a music director, singer, lyricist, script writer, movie director and actor in Tamil movies.
K.
Raghava Lawrence is an Indian choreographer, an actor, director, composer and playback singer.
He made his debut as a choreographer in 1993.
He began his career as an actor in 1998, in a Telugu film.
Most of his Telugu films were dubbed by artists.
He became famous in Telugu cinema through the film Style.
In Tamil, he became famous through the Muni film series.
Muni is a 2007 Tamil horror comedy film written and directed by Raghava Lawrence who also plays the lead role.
Vedhicka, Rajkiran, Kovai Sarala and Rahul Dev played supporting roles in the film.The film released on 9 March 2007 along with a Telugu dubbed version of same name.
This film gained average reviews and average box office collections.
This movie is the 1000th movie of actor Vinu Chakravarthy..
Ganesh with the ghost in him, enters Dhandapani's household and scares him and his assistants.
Dhandapaani comes to know that the ghost of Muni is inside Ganesh's body so he gets a shaman (Rahul Dev) to save his life.
Muni agrees to leave Dhandapani if he tells the truth to the villagers and give them the money.
He tells the truth and gives the money.
But Dhandapani was planning to get back all his money from the villagers.
Ganesh upon hearing this kills Dhandapaani, but acts like as Muni's ghost killed him.
The shaman knowing that Ganesh killed him and not the ghost, didn't tell the truth seeing the injustice made by Dhandapani.
The film earned (grossed) around Rs.
15 crore worldwide and became a commercial success.
Vinu Chakravarthy (15 December 1945 – 27 April 2017) was an Indian actor (actor who acted in many language movies), writer and director.
He had acted in about 1000 movies.
Muni of Raghava Lawrence is Vinu Chakravarthy's 1000th movie.
He acted in 900+ Tamil movies, 50 Malayalam movies, 5 Telugu movies, Some Kannada movies and 1 Badaga language movie.
Chakravarthy was born on December 15, 1945, in Usilampatti.
His parents are Adimoola Thevar and Manjuvani Ammal.
He studied at Wesley School, Royapettah.
He got degree in commerce from A.
M.
Jain College.
He was the eldest son among other 3 sons and a daughter.
Chakravarthy was working as a script writer for Kannada director Puttanna Kanagal.
He was noticed by movie producer Tiruppur Mani who in 1977, gave him a role in the Kannada film Parasangada Gendetimma.
This movie was later remade into Tamil.
Since then, Chakravarthy has made over 1,000 films in four South Indian languages - 900 in Tamil, 30 in Malayalam, 5 in Telugu and one in Badaga language.
His last movie was Vaayai Mudi Pesavum in 2014.
Minnesota State University, Mankato (Minnesota State) is the largest and second oldest university in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
It is one of the largest universities in Minnesota.
The nickname for the sports teams is the Mavericks.
Minnesota State is located in Mankato, Minnesota a city southwest of the Twin Cities.
It has a big business impact on southern Minnesota.
Its stadium was where the Vikings came to practice in the summer.
It was also linked to the Coach (TV series).
Its sports teams have won several national championships at the National Collegiate Athletics Association's Division II level.
Bairavaa decides to kill PK as that is the only way he can do to get justice for Vaishali.
He frames that PK is planning to assassinate the Prime Minister of India while he is on the way to the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
The news spreads all across India.Soon it is ordered to shoot PK.
PK, realising that he is cornered, tries to kill Bairavaa before he dies, but Bairavaa manages to kill him along with the NSG commandos.
Palacode taluk is a taluk in the Dharmapuri district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Palacode.
The Polity IV scale is a yearly assessment that assesses most sovereign states with a population above 500,000.
They are split into five categories: full democracies, democracies, open anocracies, closed anocracies, and autocracies.
Pennagaram taluk is a taluk in Dharmapuri district in Tamil Nadu.
The headquarters is Pennagaram town.
Harur taluk is a taluk in Dharmapuri district in Tamil Nadu.
The headquarters is the town of Harur.
MGR Kazhagam is a political party founded and led by R.
M.
Veerapan.
He is the former Minister under All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam for 5 terms at different periods.
Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development is an NPO organization based in Qatar, founded by former Emir of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and his second wife Moza bint Nasser in 1995.
The President of the Qatar Foundation is shaikha Moza bint Nasser.
In February 2016, her daughter Hind bint Hamad Al Thani, the sister of the current Emir of Qatar, is appointed CEO of the foundation.
Center Parcs UK and Center Parcs Europe has of 26 resorts and 4 Sunparks.
There are six new parks being made.
Adyar is home to Adyar Cancer Institute and Central Leather Research Institute.
Central Leather Research Institute is the world's largest leather research institute.
Curtis D.
Cook's article and the work of Stanley Newman.
Others, such as Ruth Bunzel's Pueblo Pottery and Jane M.
Young's book on Rock Art, are important in the study of pragmatics and the Zuni World View as it is reflected in the Zuni language.
The Zuni worldview may properly be considered as a study in orthology.
By 1929, the mine ceased operations, due to poor metal prices worldwide and the exhaustion of the higher grade reserve.
Total production for the period 1919-1929 had been 227, 343 oz of silver and 1,795 tonnes of lead.
The singer had previously rejected the offer to sing the song due to the short time she had due to the schedule with Girls' Generation.
However, she made a promise to the musical director, Lee Pil-ho, who would collaborate again after working with him on the soundtrack of Beethoven Virus.
He stated that he had not considered anyone other than Taeyeon to sing the song.
The song was finally chosen as the most popular soundtrack of the year in 2012 Seoul Drama Awards.
In the same year, another song, Closer, for the SBS drama, To The Beautiful You was ranked number seven on several lists.
Xi'an is divided into eleven districts and two counties.
Tongchuan is divided into three districts and one county.
Eric Salzman (September 8, 1933 – November 13, 2017) was an American composer, scholar, author, impresario, music critic, and record producer.
He was born in Queens, New York City.
Madarsha union total area is 21.29 square kilometer or 8.22 square mile.
According to 2011, Madarsha union total people is 38,266.
Madarsha Union has seven village.
Madarsha union are Literacy rates 48%.There are three primary school, one high school & three madrasa.
This station serves the western part of Orchard Road.
Krajcberg was of Jewish descent.
During World War II he fought in the Polish army.
After the war he studied in the Soviet Union and Germany, and afterwards traveled between Brazil, Spain and France.
He settled in Brazil in 1956 and became a Brazilian citizen in 1957.
The park was first created in 1937 when Taiwan was ruled by the Japanese.
When they created it, it was called Tsugitaka-Taroko National Park.
When the Chinese government came back to Taiwan in 1945, they closed down the national park.
In the 1950s, Chiang Kai-shek wanted a road that crossed Taiwan from west to east.
In 1960, this road was opened, called the Central Cross-Island Highway.
In 1992 he became the first Prime Minister of Burkina Faso since 1983, serving from 16 June 1992 to 22 March 1994.
Ouédraogo, a member of the ruling Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP), later served as Minister of State for Foreign Affairs from January 1999 to June 2007.
Mansuruddin was born on 31 January 1904 in Muraripur village under Sujanagar Upazila of Pabna district of East Bengal of the British India, now in Bangladesh.
His father Muhammad Jaider Ali and mother Jiarun Nisa was respected in the village.
He was educated in Madhabchandra Nandi Pathshala in his village.
He passed matriculation from Khalipur High School in 1921 with first division, ISc from Pabna Edward College in 1923 and IA from Rajshahi College in 1924.
He graduated from Rajshahi College in 1926.
Then he went to Calcutta University for post-graduation and received Master of Arts in Bangla with first class in 1928.
In the summer of 2015, MacGowan fell as he was leaving a Dublin studio, fracturing his pelvis.
MacGowan was using a wheelchair since the accident.
Machilipatnam, also known as Masulipatnam, is a city in the Krishna district.
It is a municipal corporation and the administrative headquarters of Krishna district.
It is also the headquarters of Machilipatnam mandal in Machilipatnam revenue division of the district.
The ancient port town served as the settlement of European traders from the 16th century, and it was a major trading port for the British, Dutch and French in the seventeenth century.
There were many Bhandari nobles; Parath, Gagan Singh, Jashwanta.
Gagan Singh Bhandari was influential Kaji during 1845-46.
He had 7 battalions under his control before his murder by Jung Bahadur Kunwar .
Layar LRT Station is an LRT station on the West Loop of the Sengkang LRT Line.
It is on the western side of Sungei Punggol (Punggol River).
It was opened together with the East Loop of the Punggol LRT Line.
Taipei Metro is a metro system in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan.
It consists of 131 stations (119 stations if transfer stations are counted once,) with 6 main routes and 2 branch lines, operating on 152.9 kilometres (95 mi) of revenue track.
The Taipei Metro was the first metro system in Taiwan.
The Taoyuan Metro's Airport Express link opened in March 2017 mainly to connect the Taipei Taoyuan Airport and the main station.
The Zibelemärit (Bernese German dialect; English: Onion market) is an annual market with aspects of a fair in the old town of Bern, Switzerland.
It takes place the fourth Monday in November.
Watson was honored with Order of Australia in 2010.
Carole Samaha () is a Lebanese singer, actress, and performer.
She has released six studio albums.
Samaha has a master's degree in acting and directing, which she earned in 1999 from the Saint Joseph University of Beirut.
In 2004 she won the Arab Music Award for best female newcomer.
She has also won multiple Murex d'Or awards and was nominated for best Arabia New Act in the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008.
Samaha was born on 25 July 1972 in Beirut to Antoine Samaha from Khenchara, Matn and Nouhad Hawi from Dhour El Choueir, Matn.
She has two brothers.
The Egyptian Radio and Television Union (ERTU), Ittihād al-Idhā‘ah wal-Tilīfizyūn al-Miṣrī), formerly the Arab Radio and Television Union, is the public broadcaster of Egypt, operated by the Egyptian government.
It is a member of the European Broadcasting Union.
Its name came from the street it is located on.
It is located at Compassvale Street.
A type of wood called bakau were used in buildings in the past.
It suggests a strong foundation of the station.
There is a Trimurti in the Hindu belief: Brahma the Creator, Vishnu the preserver and Shiva the destroyer.
Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr was the President of Iraq from 17 July 1968 to 16 July 1979.
He was born in Tikrit, Ottoman Iraq on 1 July 1914.
Jai Krishan Kakubhai Shroff (screen name: Jackie Shroff) is an Indian actor.
He has been working for four decades (about 40 years) in the Bollywood film industry.
He has appeared in about 220 films in various Indian languages, including Hindi, Marathi, Oriya, Tamil, Malayalam, Punjabi, Kannada, Bengali, Konkani and Bhojpuri.
Zorlu Holding is one of the biggest holding company in Turkey.
It was founded by Hacı Mehmet Zorlu.
The curret chairman of this holding company is Ahmet Nazif Zorlu.
Doğuş Group is one of the biggest holding company in Turkey which is founded by Ayhan Şahenk in 1951 and including one of Turkey's largest banks, Garanti Bank, retail and food stores, construction companies, and tourism.
Maharaja Kalu Thapa Kshatri () or simply, Kalu Thapa was the first King of Takam State.
The Thapa dynasty of Takam Kingdom (1246-1545 B.S).
(also called 4000 Parvat State) continued for 300 years only to be defeated by Dimba Bam Malla to form bigger Parbat State.
Yashodhara Thapa, King of Jyamrukot (Jamarik), is the male progenitor of the Bhimsen Thapa family and leading Bada Kaji Amar Singh Thapa.
After completing his missionary work, Sanderson returned to BYU and changed his major to English literature.
While an undergraduate, Sanderson took a job as a night desk clerk at a local hotel in Provo, Utah, because it allowed him to write while working.
After earning a B.A.
in English, Sanderson entered BYU's creative writing graduate program and received an M.F.A.
degree in 2005.
During his graduate work at BYU, Sanderson was on the staff of Leading Edge, a semi-professional speculative fiction magazine published by the university.
Emily Wilding Davison (11 October 1872 – 8 June 1913) was born in Blackheath in southeast London on.
She studied at Royal Holloway College and at Oxford University, although women were not allowed to take degrees at that time.
In 1906, she joined the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), founded by Emmeline Pankhurst.
Three years later she gave up her job as a teacher and went to work full-time for the suffragettes.
She was frequently arrested for causing a public disturbance and burning post boxes.
She spent a number of short periods in jail.
In 1909, she was sentenced to a month's hard labour in Strangeways Prison in Manchester after throwing rocks at the carriage of chancellor David Lloyd George.
She attempted to starve herself, and resisted force-feeding.
A prison guard, angered by Davison's blockading herself in her cell, forced a hose into the room and nearly filled it with water.
She sued the wardens of Strangeways, and was awarded 40 shillings.
The workstation creates a packet, and stamps it with the destination's IP Address and forwards it to a router, the router's job is to find out how to get the packet to the desired destination.
Breaking communication down into packets allows the same information to be shared amongst many users in a network.
Price grew up in Weston, Massachusetts.
She studied English at Stanford University.
She originally had no intentions of becoming a cartoonist, but after a few years she began submitting strips to The New Yorker but they were never picked up.
She was then hired as a freelance copywriter for an ad agency in San Francisco.
Whilst there she submitted her comics to the San Francisco Chronicle and they were published in the opinion and book review section.
Her success at the Chronicle inspired her to begin submitting her work for syndication.
In 1995, Price received a call from King Features Syndicate to request more samples of her work and by June of that year she was syndicated.
Price was just 25 years old at the time which makes her the youngest cartoonist to achieve national syndication.
Although the Soviet Union forces managed to open a narrow path to the city on 18 January 1943, the siege was only stopped on 27 January 1944, 872 days after it began.
It is thought of as one of the most destructive sieges ever to happen.
It was possibly the heaviest in terms of casualties, killing over 1 million innocent people.
The Federal republic of Liberia military book, entitled, “The History of the Liberian Armed Forces Day before February 25, 1955, there was no Armed Forces Day as such, except the country and militia units, each of which had its own quarterly parade day enacted by law.
During those days, the regular Army then called the Liberian Frontier Force (LFF), used to combine with units of the national militia to have joint parade on special occasions, such as Independence Day, Inauguration Day, etc.
However, in 1954, the late Colonel Francis M.
Dean, then Assistant Chief of Staff (G-2), recommended in his annual report to the Defense authority that a day be set aside by an act of the National Legislature to be styled and known as “Old Soldier Army Festival a day on which units of the Liberian Armed Forces throughout the nation would assemble at their respective headquarters to jointly participate in field ceremonies of parades and other planned military exercises.
Colonel Dean’s recommendation traveled through the necessary chain of command until it successfully reached the official desk of the late Commander-In-Chief, President William V.S.
Tubman who, in turn, approved and submitted it to the lawmakers for legislative consideration.
When the Liberian legislature met in session to consider colonel Dean’s recommendation for legislative enactment, it was suggested that choosing any month and date to be set aside as Army Festival would be inappropriate.
Instead, a month and date with some historical events in which a member or members of the Armed Forces had performed some marvelous deeds in the supreme interest of the nation (Liberia) and its people.
By so doing, members of the incoming generations of the Armed Forces would continue to celebrate this day under appropriate military exercises in honor and remembrance of the heroic deeds of their comrades in arms.
Moreover, this suggestion was embraced with popular support.
However, the only event that could quickly come to the minds of the lawmakers was the month and date of the Major Mckay Cadell incidence in 1909.
Major Cadell was the first commandant of the Liberian Frontier Force who carried on mutiny action against the Liberian Government during President Arthur Barclay’s administration, that aggression of Cadell was repelled by the first militia regiment headed by Ltc.
Isaac Moart and his deputy Major.
Joseph Dennis in 1909 having reached a unanimous consensus on the month and date of Major Cadell’s event, of February 25 1955, an act of Legislature was passed, declaring May 9 of each year as Armed Forces Day with a proclamation that it should be officially observed throughout Liberia as a National holiday.
When the Act was proclaimed on May 9 as the month and date of the Major Cadell’s incidence, historians everywhere disagreed and argued that the incidence occurred on February 9, 1909.
This argument in turn created a demand for legislative amendment.
Consequently, on March 22, 1956, amendment was made, deleting May 9 and inserting February 9 in the Act as Armed Forces Day.
Less than a year after the amendment was made, some survivors of the Major Cadell’s incidence declared that it was February 11, 1909.
Once more and finally, on January 26, 1957, the appropriate rectification was made in the Act.
Major Cadell was a British officer brought to Liberia from Sierra Leone to command the Liberian Frontier Force, and with him were some Sierra Leonean soldiers whom he incited against the Liberian Government for salary arrears.
The Liberian Frontier Force thwarted their mutiny action and they were given twenty-four hours to leave Liberia.
The current site of the Executive Mansion was the location of the Military Barracks named and styled “Camp Johnson.
Today, a new 2000-strong AFL is being built under the auspices of the Security Sector Reform (SSR) program.
DynCorp International is training this new 2000-strong regimented and law-abiding AFL with support from the United States Government.
With a population of 25,149, Saintes has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Bacteria are used to test the effectiveness of disinfectants and antibiotics.
Therefore, it is important that bacteria are not contaminated with other microorganisms.
To prevent contamination, aseptic techniques are used.
The PFA Players' Player of the Year was awarded to Mohamed Salah.
The PFA Young Player of the Year was awarded to Leroy Sané.
Arriva Kent Thameside operates in parts of Kent.
Buses go to Bluewater shopping centre, Dartford, Orpington, Greenhithe, Gravesend.
Olivier Chansou (born 1965) is a French aerospace engineer.
The titles themselves were given by the King, Sultan and Emperor (equivalent to the western Fount of honour) to their sons and grandsons, or even distant kins.
Noblemen loyal to the kings also received this Title.
Four limited editions of the album featuring branded merchandise were available from Ciara's official artist store.
Catherine Tate (born Catherine Jane Ford; 5 December 1969 in London) is an English actress, comedian and writer.
She is best known for playing Nellie Bertram in the American sitcom The Office.
From 2004 to 2007, she hosted a skit comedy show titled The Catherine Tate Show.
In 2010, Erix entered into a deal with Universal Music Group in Germany but his album release was held up for years when the record company began restructuring and his former A&R and manager, Nik Hafemann, left the label to become a judge on a German reality TV series.
During this time, Erix continued to cultivate his presence online and released demo versions of new songs he had been working on such as Squeaky Clean, a pop-punk satire of Disney Channel stars, as well as So Scene, So See Through (A Song For Mutts) which ultimately inspired the name of Erix's fandom and social justice movement, the Mutt Army.
Amidst it's online popularity, Ian was invited to perform the song on MTV UK in a special live session that was recorded for the network in their London studio.
Another single from that period, The Human Race was featured in Season 3 Episode 19 of the popular TV show 90210 on The CW network in the USA and worldwide on Netflix.
Sumy Oblast () is an oblast (province) of northeastern Ukraine.
The administrative centre is Sumy.
The population of Sumy Oblast was 1,124,000 in 2014.
During the presidential election held in Lithuania in 1997, her husband Valdas Adamkus campaigned for the Presidency and won.
After Adamkus became president, Adamkienė became involved in many Lithuanian social programs focusing on the welfare of children.
As of 2015, about 58,000 people were living in the town of Oss.
Taramani is an area in the metropolitan area of Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
It is known for the IT parks and research institutions.
Famous Tidel Park, an information technology (IT) industrial park is situated here .
It is South India's first IT park.
The area is also known for its other IT parks including Ascendas IT Park, Ramanujam IT Park, Elnet Software City and TICEL Biotech Park.
Byrsonima crassifolia is a slow growing tree native to the Tropical America.
Common names include changunga, muruci, murici, nanche, nance, nancite, chacunga, craboo, kraabu, savanna serrette (or savanna serret) and golden spoon.
In Jamaica it is called hogberry (plural hogberries).
It is primarily cultivated in Peru, Southern Mexico, Pacific side of Central America, Guadeloupe, Barbados, Brazil, St.
Martin, Cuba, Haiti, Trinidad, Curacao, Isle of Pines, Puerto Rico, Dominica and The Dominican Republic.
It belongs to the acerola family of Malpighiaceae.
The djembe (pronounced ZHEM-bey) is one of the best-known African drums.
It originally came from West Africa.
rapping called genge.
Original seats in post-war Second Chamber (Tweede Kamer).
Coalitian parties marked in olive.
With a population of 7,915, Thann has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 34,761, Haguenau has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 9,263, Molsheim has a population density of inhabitants/km.
About 37,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 22,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
With a population of 11,433, Saverne has a population density of inhabitants/km.
With a population of 19,546, Sélestat has a population density of inhabitants/km.
In the 2011 Birthday Honours, he was awarded the CBE.
In the 2018 Queen's Honours list, he received a knighthood.
About 27,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
About 55,000 people were living in the municipality in 2017.
In May 2020, Davido announced that his upcoming third studio album would be titled A Better Time, and that it would include 11 tracks, with features from Nicki Minaj and Tiwa Savage.
In July, he performed on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and was seen in studio with rapper Nas.
On August 31, 2020, Davido returned to social media after taking a three-month break to chat with the Grammy Museum on Instagram Live about the rise of Afrobeats and other issues within their industry.
During the Live session, Davido also revealed that he has completed work on his A Better Time.
No release date has yet been specified.
On September 10, 2020, Davido returned with the single, FEM, alongside its music video.
Lil Pump rose to popularity in 2017, after he released his song Gucci Gang, which peaked at number three on the U.S.
Billboard Hot 100.
It was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
He has since released other songs, including I Love It (with Kanye West), Esskeetit, Drug Addicts, Butterfly Doors, Racks on Racks, and Be Like Me (featuring Lil Wayne).
He released his first studio album Lil Pump in October 2017.
His song Welcome to the Party was featured in the soundtrack for Deadpool 2.
Mathematicians want to know when a certain function, called the Riemann Zeta function, written ζ(s), equals zero.
There are many well known values of s where ζ(s) is zero, composing the negative even integers.
The Riemann Hypothesis says that apart from these, ζ(s) equals zero only when s is a complex number with real part 1/2 or a negative whole number.
As to whether this hypothetical is one of pure or applied math, a particular characterization of the machine to measure earthquakes gives real-part-1/2 spikes.
Euclid gave the complete solution for that equation, but for more complicated equations this becomes extremely difficult.
Indeed, in 1970 Yu.
V.
Matiyasevich showed that Hilbert's tenth problem is unsolvable, i.e., there is no general method for determining when such equations have a solution in whole numbers.
But in special cases one can hope to say something.
When the solutions are the points of an abelian variety, the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture asserts that the size of the group of rational points is related to the behavior of an associated zeta function ζ(s) near the point s=1.
In particular this amazing conjecture asserts that if ζ(1) is equal to 0, then there are an infinite number of rational points (solutions), and conversely, if ζ(1) is not equal to 0, then there is only a finite number of such points.
The melody of Happy Birthday to You comes from the song Good Morning to All, which has traditionally been attributed to American sisters Patty and Mildred J.
Hill in 1893, although the claim that the sisters composed the tune is disputed.
Mahe (also known as Mayyazhi), is a small town in Mahe River.
It is surrounded on all sides by the State of Kerala.
The Kannur District surrounds Mahé on three sides.
Kozhikode District surrounds it from one side.
Mahe belongs to the Puducherry union territory.
This town is the headquarters of the district.
Formerly it was a part of French India.
Mahé now forms a municipality in Mahe district.
Stewiacke was named in the language of the local Mi'kmaq First Nations and is a word meaning flowing out in small streams and winding river or whimpering or whining as it goes.
During the French and Indian War, the British built Fort Ellis in the area to protect New England Planters from Mi'kmaq raids.
Craig Shoemaker (born November 15, 1958) is an American comedian, writer, and voice actor.
He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He started his career as a social reporter for Peyk-e Azadi student weekly publication, in 1996.In 1998, Manzarpour joined the English daily, Tehran Times and was soon promoted to the Economic editor of this newspaper.
Bhanumoti, the daughter of an gouni insignificant magician learns the tricks of the trade at a very young age.
Bhanu, a simple schoolgirl in her teens practises magic.
Her mother is totally against it, but she cannot help her instincts in putting her talent to use by turning hatred into love and sadness into happiness for persons in trouble.
It is her way of sorting out good from evil to better human lives around her in the streets of the city.
Meghraj, is also a practicing magician.
Son of the super magician, Mahendra Sarkar, for him, magic is a form of art that he performs to entertain people who visit his shows.
He has the prerequisites of professional performance – a stage, lights, music, an audience waiting to be entertained; that build the atmosphere for his magic shows.
Bokul Kotha is the story of Bokul, who has been raised as a son.
She grows up to be a tomboy, well versed in handling roles that are reserved for the boys.
Bokul has short hair and feels comfortable wearing pants and shirts, unlike girls her age who obsess with their beauty.
Bokul doesn't want to waste her time on make –up and clothes.
She is more interested to become her father’s support system.
But a cruel twist in the tale comes in when her father passes away after which she is forced to take the reign of the family in her hands.
Though Bokul is not interested in marriage, her mother and grandmother are always worried about what would happen in future when she would be married off.
Quite unaware of the complicacies of the human mind and the ways of the world, one day life brings her face to face with the most unexpected of circumstances.
However Akki & Piu's marriage ceremony starts.
In sangeet, surprisingly ASR dances with Pakhi and takes her closer.
After that he challenges Pakhi to do the same what he would do.
Pakhi accepts the challenge and surprisingly ASR kisses her.
As such Pakhi also kisses him unwillingly.
Here ASR feels so jealous with Harry.
Understanding this Pakhi makes Harry wear Rakhi and their relation turns into brother and sister.
ASR feels happy and decides to confront his love to Pakhi.
Here Krishnendu has been trying to kill Anu to get Pakhi.
He always keeps an eye on ASR & Pakhi.
On Piu's marriage day, ASR tries to propose Pakhi but he can't succeed.
Krishnendu plots against them and calls Pakhi at the roof.
Following Pakhi ASR also reaches at the roof and see Pakhi hugging Krishnendu.
Though Krishnendu forcefully did that ASR misunderstands Pakhi and starts to hate her.
Bodhu Kon Alo Laaglo Chokhe (); was a Bengali television serial which used to air on GEC Star Jalsha.
It was produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and started Payel Dey and Sourav Chakraborty in the lead roles.
Hashem Asad Allah (Arabic:هاشم أسد الله)(Born 15 December 1985) is a Kuwaiti actor, producer and presenter at Alrai TV.
Rannaghor is a Popular cookery show which airs on Zee Bangla.
It is hosted by Sudipa Mukherjee.
Sometimes in the special episodes, it had also been hosted by film personalities, such as Sonali Chowdhury and Manali Dey.
It is the third longest-running Indian television series.
Everyday a person is invited to the show who prepares a certain item.
Steven Peter Devereux Smith (born 2 June 1989) is an Australian cricketer.
He is a former captain of the Australian national team.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is an agency of the United States Department of Defense responsible for the development of emerging technologies for use by the military.
He was born in Caracas in 1981 and since young he was an activist in the Venezuela politics.
He did not like the Chavism since the early 2010s, when president Chavez started to show full alliance with Castro's Cuba.
It will narrate the story of Goddess Manasha.
It is not the story of a vindictive venomous snake-goddess alone but a sad saga of a lonely woman who perpetually gets hurt by the closest male members of her life—her father, her husband and all other celestial men folk, who censor her right to be worshiped as a Goddess.Manasha is the goddess of snakes.
Zofis and Koko are fictional characters from the manga and anime series Zatch Bell!.
Zofis is very strong and dangerous mamodo who wants to become king at any cost and rule with an iron fist.
He likes to command and prefer others to do dirty work for him.
Zofis freed the Ancient Mamodos, which were turned into the stone tablets in the previous Mamodo Battle, to create an army for himself.
Koko (ココ, Koko) is the partner of Zofis.
She is a poor girl from France.
She was married to Shivaji at a very young age in 1642.
The marriage took place when Shivaji visited his father Shahaji at Bangalore with his mother Jijabai.
After the death of Jijabai in 1674, Soyarabai became more important in Shivaji's family.
This was also true for Maratha court politics.
Soyarabai had two children with Shivaji, daughter Balibai and son Rajaram.
A library classification is a system of organization by which library resources are arranged according to subject.
Loren made her film debut in the 2010 Pooja Bhatt's romantic thriller film Kajraare and later played as Nisha in the film Murder 3.
The park has 104 species of plants.
Some of the main species are Cedrus deodara, yew, horse chestnut and oak.
The family Spinosauridae was named by the German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1915, he was the one that discovered the first genus in the group, Spinosaurus.
And as scientists discovered more fossils of its close relatives, the family was eventually split into two subfamilies: Baryonychinae, and Spinosaurinae.
This was done because of differences in the anatomy of their skulls and teeth.
Battle of Route Coloniale 4 was a campaign in the First Indochina War carried out by the Việt Minh Army from 16 September to 17 October 1950 to break the isolation of the Việt Bắc base, clear the Vietnam-China border Bridge to receive aid.
Another objective was to expand the base and destroy some of the French garrison force, experimenting with tactics for the People's Army of Vietnam at that time with little experience in combat.
Sigilmassasaurus was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Africa.
Its name means ''Sijilmassa lizard, referring to the name of the city near the place where its fossils were found.
Its species name brevicollis is Latin for short neck, because the neck bones of the animal are very short.
Stephen Arthur Frears (born 20 June 1941) is an English movie and television director.
He was born in Leicester, England.
Fear Files is an Indian television horror drama series.
The series is currently airing on Zee TV.
at IST 10:30 mp.
In every Saturday to Sunday.
Dark Rainbow is an Indian Bollywood Movie, Directed by Abhik Bhanu.
<br> Starring Sara Khan And Mayur Mehta, it was scheduled to be released mid-2014.
Dark Rainbow is a musical love story.
The first example is synthetic division with a denominator formula_2 that only has one variable.
The coefficients of the polynomial to divide are put at the top (the zero is for the unseen formula_4).
Make the coefficients of the denominator their opposite.
Put every coefficient of the divisor except the first one on the left.
Put the first number after the bar, 1, at the bottom.
Multiply the dropped number by the number before the bar, and put it under the next coefficient, 12.
Add the numbers in the second column (which equals -9 in this example).
Count the terms to the left of the bar.
Since there is only one, the remainder has degree zero, which means it is a constant that is more than zero.
Put an up and down line next to the last number, -123.
The terms are written with a rising degree from right to left.
It begins with degree zero for both the remainder and the result.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 is a smartphone created by Samsung Electronics.
It runs the Android software.
Mainpuri district is one of the districts in Agra division of Uttar Pradesh state of India.
Mainpuri town is the district headquarters.
It consists of six tehsils, namely Mainpuri, Bhongaon, Karhal, Kishni, Kurawali and Ghiror.
Aligarh district is a district in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
The district belongs to Aligarh Division, Uttar Pradesh.
The river starts in Oyo State near Shaki and flows through Ogun State into Lagos State.
The river is crossed by the Ikere Gorge Dam in the Iseyin local government area of Oyo State.
The river passes through the Old Oyo National Park, providing recreational facilities for tourists.
In 2006, the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Etah one of the country's 250 most backward districts (total of 640).
It is receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
It is one of the 34 districts in Uttar Pradesh currently receiving this funds.
Majursahi (ମଜୁରସାହି) is a village of Koksara Block in Dharmagarh sub-division in Kalahandi District in Odisha State.
This village comes under Phupagaon panchayat of Kokasara Tehsil in Kalahandi District.
.
Majursahi is 6.5 km distance from Koksara and 60 km distance from its district main city Bhawanipatna and 333 km distance from the State's main city Bhubaneswar.
The flag is described in Article 35, Chapter XV, of the Constitution of Indonesia; Government Regulation No.
24/2009; and Government Regulation No.
40/1958.
Israr Ahmad (Urdu: اسرار احمد‬‎) was born on 26 April 1932, in Hisar, India.
She is one of the main characters in The Impaler’s Wife by Autumn Bardot.
The 'Non-Cooperation Movement was a significant phase of the Indian independence movement from British rule.
It was led by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi after the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre.
It aimed to resist British rule in India through non-violent means or satyagraha.
Protestors would refuse to buy British goods, adopt Nihal use of local handicrafts and picket and liquor shops.
The ideas of Ahimsa and nonviolence, and Gandhi's ability to rally hundreds of thousands of common citizens towards the cause of Indian independence, were first seen on a large scale in this movement through summer 1920.
Gandhi feared that the movement might lead to popular violence.
The non-cooperation movement was launched on 4th September 1920.
This movement became a breakthrough and in a way helped India achieve Independence.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Andorra) that participated in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Armenia) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Belarus) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Belgium) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Brazil) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Bosnia and Herzegovina) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Bulgaria) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below is the list of members (called Team Kazakhstan) that played in the 2018 Games.
Japan's team has 17 men.
Their coach is Kojin Nakakita.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Hungary) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Greece) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team GB) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Great Britain will send a total of 17 athletes to the games.
This is the most sent by the British team since 2006.
In cross country skiing's women's 12 km sitting race, Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Andrea Eskau of Germany won silver, and Oksana Masters of the United States won bronze.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team France) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Denmark) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Defensemen Pavel Doležal and Karel Wagner are going to their first games.
The other defensemen were all part of the team that went to Sochi.
Michal Geier, Zdeněk Hábl, Zdeněk Krupička, Zdeněk Šafránek, David Palat, David Motyčka, Zdeněk Klíma and Martin Novák are the centers and wingers, playing in the attacking positions.
The team is coached by Jiří Bříza.
He has been leading the team since 2013.
Jan Katauer is an assistance coach, and Jakub Novotny is the goaltender coach.
In the women's 6 km biathlon sitting race,  Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Oksana Masters won silver and Lidziya Hrafeyeva of Belarus won bronze.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Ukraine) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Sweden) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Spain) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
People think Jung Segun-Hwan is one of the best forwards in the world.
He scored a goal in the bronze medal match at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.
The goal helped his team win bronze.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Serbia) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Romania) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team NPA) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Mongolia) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Mexico) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The table below contains the list of members of people (called Team Canada) that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The 2018 Games were the first Games for Collin Cameron and Emily Young.
Young was a wrestler before doing para-Nordic skiing.
The coach for the 2018 Games is Ken Babey.
He said choosing the 17 players for the team was very hard.
Tijana Bogićević is a Serbian singer.
She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017, with the song In Too Deep.
But this did not qualify, despite the positive comments it received.
Her other Eurovision participation was in 2011, as a backing vocalist for Nina.
In 1998, A Christian destroyed about 750 Buddhist statues in a temple to change into church.
Hill 60 was a man-made hill created in the 1860s from what was dug out from a nearby railway line.
It had a height of 150 feet and was situated to the south-east of Ypres.
It had been captured by the Germans in December 1914, giving them a strategic advantage due to its height.
All the men who joined the Tunnelling Companies were experienced miners; they came from the coal mines in Northumberland, from the sewers in Manchester and the tubes in London.
Most of them had been digging since they were 10 years old, with generations of mining history and were often shorter than regular soldiers.
Universal Pictures and Focus Features got the rights to the Fifty Shades trilogy in March 2012.
Six sports were at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.
Between them, they will award 80 medals.
Unlike the 2014 Winter Paralympics, para-snowboarding is not included with para-alpine skiing at the 2018 Games.
The sport is giving 10 medals in 2018.
In 2014, it only gave 2.
These medals will be fought for by around 670 people, 24% more than competed at the Sochi Games.
Abu Abdillah Muhammad ibn Yazid ibn Majah (), commonly called Ibn Majah was a Persian, hadith scholar.
His hadith collection Sunan ibn Majah is one of the six major hadith collections.
In 1968, she organized a black arts festival and had inner-city students in to the festival.
This program became the magnet school Duke Ellington School of the Arts, which she and Malone founded in 1974 and which they modeled after New York City's High School of Performing Arts.
There are different kinds of tourist attractions.
The Rima River is a river in the northern part of Nigeria.
The Goulbi de Maradi river flows by its northernmost point it.
It runs southwest and joins the Sokoto River near Sokoto, then continues south to the Niger River.
The upper Rima is a seasonal river and flows only during the rainy season.
The project started because the yearly rainfall in Kebbi, is not much.
It is about .
The temperatures are about , ranging from between April and June.
As at July 1995 there was nothing being done on the project.
In March 2003, while campaigning for reelection in Birnin Kebbi, President Olusegun Obasanjo promised to complete the project.
In October 2006 the Federal and Kebbi state governments signed a memorandum of understanding for execution of the project, at an estimated cost of N15 billion.
In May 2008 President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua ordered work to start immediately on the first part of the project, which was now estimated to cost over N18.5 billion.
The Goulbi de Maradi is a river in south central Niger and north central Nigeria.
Its source is near Katsina in Nigeria, and its end in the Rima River.
His scientific work in the United States included the perfection of plans for a national system of meteorological observations.
Most of these were conducted under the Smithsonian Institution.
His extensive meteorological observations led to the establishment of the United States Weather Bureau, and his Meteorological and Physical Tables (1852, revised ed.
1884) were long standard.
Coxeter states that every parallel-sided 2m-gon can be divided into m(m-1)/2 rhombs.
For the regular tetradecagon, m=7, and it can be divided into 21: 3 sets of 7 rhombs.
This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 7-cube, with 21 of 672 faces.
The list A006245 defines the number of solutions as 24698, including up to 14-fold rotations and chiral forms in reflection.
A hexagram is a six-pointed star, with all lines the same length and all angles the same.
A 'hexangle', 'star hexagon', or 'hexalpha' means the same thing.
In mathematics, the root system for the simple Lie group G is in the form of a hexagram, with six long roots and six short roots.
Régis Lacote (born 25 April 1972) is a French businessman.
The Red Shows Blood The Stripes Show Sadness The Star Shows Leninist Prices.
In the early 16th century, Raphael was the first to construct a perspective image of a regular hexadecagon: the tower in his painting The Marriage of the Virgin has 16 sides, elaborating on an eight-sided tower in a previous painting by Pietro Perugino.
Hexadecagrams (16-sided star polygons) are included in the Girih patterns in the Alhambra.
Coxeter states that every zonogon (a 2m-gon whose opposite sides are parallel and of equal length) can be dissected into m(m-1)/2 parallelograms.
In geometry, an isosceles triangle is a triangle that has two sides of equal length.
Sometimes it is specified as having two and only two sides of equal length, and sometimes as having at least two sides of equal length, the latter version thus including the equilateral triangle as a special case.
The two equal sides are called the legs and the third side is called the base of the triangle.
The other dimensions of the triangle, such as its height, area, and perimeter, can be calculated by simple formulas from the lengths of the legs and base.
Benjumeda y Laguada married with Cándida Martínez de Pinillos in the church of San Juan Bautista of Chiclana on 15 August 1789.
The couple ad five children.
After getting married, they moved the marriage to Cadiz.
Their house was number 198 of the plazuela de la Cruz Green.
Benjumeda y Laguada was appointed architect of the City council.
He died in Cadiz on 15 April 1836 when he was 79 years old.
Namchi or Namtse is the capital of South Sikkim district, Sikkim.
Tajikistan had never competed at the Winter Paralympics before 2018.
These Games are their Winter Games debut.
The country has only compete at four Summer Paralympics.
They were the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Games.
Tajikistan has three total people compete at these four Games.
They never won a medal.
Xaver Schlager (born 28 September 1997) is an Austrian footballer who plays as Midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
After playing for the youth team of SC St.
Valentin he came to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy in 2011, where he played in all teams.
In 2015, he was transferred to FC Liefering, the farm team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In 2016 he signed a contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg.
On May 10th 2016 he played his first match in the Austrian Bundesliga versus SV Grödig.
He also was captain of the FC Salzburg U19 team which won the 2016/17 UEFA Youth League.
On the 26 June 2019, Schlager signed for VfL Wolfsburg.
Mary Miles Minter (born Juliet Reilly; April 25, 1902 – August 4, 1984) was an American actress.
She appeared in 54 silent era motion pictures from 1912 to 1923.
Asif Ali Zardari (; ) is a Pakistani politician who is the 11th and current President of Pakistan since 2024, and previously from 2008 to 2013 and the former co-chairperson of Pakistan Peoples Party.
Arabinda Muduli (1 September 1961 – 1 March 2018) was an Indian Odia musician and singer-songwriter.
Muduli was born in Khanati, Khordha District, Odisha, India.
He was the student of Bhikari Bal.
Per Jacobsson (5 February 1894 – 5 May 1963) was a Swedish economist.
He was managing director of the International Monetary Fund from 21 November 1956 until his death in 1963.
Sony ENTERTAINMENT TELEVSION HD India is an Indian Hindi Language television channel from India.
It was based general Entertainment.
The was broadcast show's like, Aadalat, C.I.D, Bhoot Aaya, Maharana Pratap, Kya Hua Tera Vaada, Behyad, The Kapil Sharma Show, Hasil And Prithvi Vallabh - Itihaas Bhi, Rahasya Bhi.
Sarah Lincoln Grigsby (February 10, 1807January 20, 1828) was the older sister of Abraham Lincoln, who was later president.
Sarah Lincoln was born in Elizabethtown, Kentucky, on February 10, 1807.
On February 12, 1809, her younger brother Abraham Lincoln was born.
A third sibling, brother Thomas Tommy, lived for only about three days in 1812.
On October 5, 1818, her mother died of milk sickness, as there was no cure for the disease.
For six months, they lived alone.
Her father remarried to Sarah Bush Johnson, who cared for them as their stepmother.
Kitwe is the second largest city in size and population in the country Zambia.
Kitwe has a population of 504,194 (2010 census).
Kitwe was found in 1936 as the railway line was being built by Cecil Rhodes' company.
We're the mighty Freo Dockers.
Crown Prince Hyojang (; February 15, 1719 - November 16, 1728) is a member of the Joseon dynasty.
His real name is Yi Haeng ().
Zimbara and Mayandri: They are the siblings of Kirmada.
The Series Broadcast aired Every Monday to Friday at 9:00 PM IST from 19 March 2018 to 26 May 2018.
But from 28 March 2018, The Series is being shifted from 9:00 PM IST to 9:30 PM IST because of launch of Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop at 9:00 PM IST Primetime Slot on 28 May 2018.
Now, Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop will air Every Monday to Friday at 9:00 PM IST from 28 May 2018 and Bepannah will now air Every Monday to Friday at a new time 9:30 PM IST from 28 May 2018.
Bepannah will be replacing the show Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani at the 9:30 PM IST Primetime Slot as Laado - Veerpur Ki Mardani is going off-air.
In March 2018, Turnbull revealed he had been diagnosed with incurable prostate cancer in November 2017.
A spin off story, named Kundali Bhagya (Trans., The Horoscopic Fate), is also produced and telecasted in Zee TV, which focuses on the story of Pragya's long lost sisters Preeta and Shristi and her mother Sarala Arora.
David Lee Pearson KBE (born 4 February 1974) was a paralimpic champion on horse riding.
The channel launched on 11 December 2011.and is distributed many parts of the world.
During World War II, Romania started on Britain's side.
Romania then signed a pact with Adolf Hitler and Germany and joined the German sides.
They became allies with Germany.
was the wife of Kenneth Kaunda the first president of Zambia, and the 1st First Lady of Zambia from 1964 to 1991.
She was locally called Mother of Zambia.
As the First Lady, she was part of many diplomatic visits and matron of many organizations.
Most Olivooides fossils are in a late embryonic stage, having died before hatching.
Vera Tembo (born July 25, 1953) is a Zambian pastor, politician and member of the Movement for Multi-Party Democracy (MMD).
She has served as the First Lady of Zambia from 1991 until her separation from her former husband, President Frederick Chiluba.
Tembo was married to Chiluba, with whom she had nine children, for thirty-three years, until he announced their separation in 2000.
Chiluba became President of Zambia in 1991, making Tembo the country's First Lady from 1991 until their divorce.
Tembo left the State House, the presidential residence, shortly after Chiluba's announcement and moved in with family in Ndola.
Their divorce became final on September 25, 2001, when an annulment was granted by a local court in Ndola after thirty-three years of marriage.
As early as 2006, Mwanawasa was seen as a potential candidate for president of the country, but following her husband's death she did not file as a potential candidate to represent her husband's party in the election.
In May 2016, Mwanawasa announced she was going to contest in the 2016 general election for the sit of Mayor of Lusaka under the United Party for National Development (UPND).
Elwood Haynes Bud Hillis (March 6, 1926 – January 4, 2023) was an American politician.
He served as a U.S.
Representative from Indiana from 1971 through 1987 as a Republican.
Hillis served in the United States Army in the European Theater with the rank of first lieutenant from 1944 to 1946.
He retired from the Reserves in 1954 with rank of captain in the infantry.
One of the four main indicators which are usually used to measure successful sustainability is the social aspects available in an area.
Often studies into social sustainability include “housing, household structure, paid domestic work, material cultures of home and homelessness.
In attempt to reduce the rate of homelessness in Conwy, Conwy County Borough Council have made a five year strategy in 2013 (Local Housing Strategy).
The aims of this strategy included making housing more affordable in attempt to allow the working population, those most likely to be renting homes, to remain in the area as housing is hard to afford.
2,200 homes in Conwy in 2015 were overcrowded as families could not afford large enough houses.
Conwy County Borough Council (2015) also reveal that homelessness began to decrease in 2005, however overall, the rate of homeless in Conwy is lower than the national average for Wales.
The Conwy Housing Solutions has an online help guide for those who are affected by homelessness and those that are expected to become homeless within 8 weeks and explains how Part 2 of the 2014 Housing (Wales) Act and Conwy County Borough Council (CCBC) can offer help.
As well as homelessness in general studies have shown that there is often more homeless females than males and that this pattern is not being investigated enough and also that often, as women have different needs to men, women who are homeless suffer more from the effects of homelessness than men do.
Economic sustainability in Conwy is being planned by Conwy County Borough Council through the Conwy economic growth strategy 2017-2027.
The creation of renewable energy has a great potential to increase the sustainable development of specific areas by creating a large selection of socioeconomic benefits such as improving regional and rural development opportunities, employment opportunities and the establishment of a domestic industry (del Río and Burguillo, 2009).
There are five ambitions in Conwy’s economic growth strategy 2017-2027, one of them being to facilitate the tidal lagoon as mentioned earlier and other renewable energy projects across the county Conwy Council 2018.
The tidal lagoon will create employment opportunities for the people of Conwy improving the sustainability of the local economy.
Sourcing from small businesses can also improve the economic sustainability of local economies.
Buying from small businesses can add to the development of the local economy in a variety of ways such as providing innovative green products and services (Walker and Preuss, 2008).
David C.
Benton (born 29 October 1957) is a British nurse and former chief executive officer of International Council of Nurses.
He served in this capacity between 2008 to 2015.
He took over from Judith Oulton and before his appointment, he was a senior consultant in the same organisation.
Naagin 2 is an Indian television series.
The series was the sequel of Naagin and is followed by Naagin 3, The series is produced by Ekta Kapoor, and created by Balaji Telefilms.
The series premiered on Colors TV on 8 October 2016 and ended on 25 June 2017.
Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty (also known as the Pratihara Empire) was a powerful dynasty in the Late Classical Period on the Indian subcontinent.
This dynasty ruled most of the Northern states of India.
This dynasty ruled India for a huge period from the 7th century to the 11th century.
They had Ujjain as the capital and later shifted to Kannauj.
Nagabhata I (730–756) was the first ruler of the dynasty.
He extended his control east and south from Mandor.
He conquered Malwa as far as Gwalior and the port of Bharuch in Gujarat.He established his capital at Avanti in Malwa.
Nagabhata I was famously known for defeating the Arab army of the Ummayyad Caliphates under Junaid and Tamin.
Kakushta and Devaraja are two weak rulers who succeeded Nagabhata I.
Vatsaraja (775–805) was the next powerful ruler of the dynasty.
Gopala I was the founder of the Pala Empire of Bengal , Indian subcontinent.
He came to power around 750 CE in Gaur after being elected by a group of regional chieftains (leaders).
Pala means protector.
The word Pala comes in every Pala ruler's name.
The name of Gopala's father is Vapyata.
His grandfather is Dayitavishnu.
The Khalimpur copper plate of Gopala's son Dharmapala refers Vapyata as killer of enemies.
It also describes Dayitavishnu as Sarva-vidyavadata (all-knowing in the meaning of highly educated).
Eastern Chalukyas, also known as the Chalukyas of Vengi, was a dynasty that ruled parts of South India.
It ruled for a period from the 7th century to the 12th centuries.
They started out be as governors of the Chalukyas of Badami in the Deccan region.
Later they became powerful.
They ruled the Vengi region of present-day Andhra Pradesh until c.
1130 CE.
After 1130 CE they continued their rule under the overlordship(feudatory) of the Chola.Originally, the capital of the Eastern Chalukyas was located at the Vengi city.
Later the capital was shifted to Rajahmundry.
Throughout their history the Eastern Chalukyas were the cause of many wars between the more powerful Cholas and Western Chalukyas.
Eastern Chalukyan rule of Vengi saw the growth of Telugu culture, literature, poetry and art throughout the region.
The Chalukyas of Vengi emerged from (came from) the Chalukyas of Badami.The Badami ruler Pulakeshin II (608–644 C.E) conquered the Vengi region in eastern Deccan by defeating the Vishnukundina dynasty.
He appointed his brother Kubja Vishnuvardhana as the governor of the new territory in 624 CE.
Kubja Vishnuvardhana founded the Eastern Chalukya dynasty after the death of Pulikeshin II in the Battle of Vatapi.
Mahendravarman I (600–630 CE)was a Pallava king who ruled the Northern regions of present-day Tamil Nadu in India.
He was the son of Simhavishnu, who defeated the Kalabhras and re-established the Pallava kingdom.
Tamil literature flourished (developed) under Mahendravarman's rule.
The popular Tevaram written by Appar and Sambandhar were done in this reign.
Mahendravarman himself was the author of the play Mattavilasa Prahasana and another play called Bhagavadajjuka.
Mahendravarman I was succeeded to the throne by his son Narasimhavarman I in 630 CE.
During Mahendravarman's reign, the Chalukya king Pulakeshin II attacked the Pallava kingdom.
The Pallavas fought a series of wars (many wars) in the northern Vengi region.
Mahendravarma saved his capital.
But he lost the northern provinces to Pulakeshin II.
Krishna Tulasi is a 2018 Indian Kannada language movie written and directed by Sukesh Nayak, produced by M Narayana Swamy under the banner of Annapoorneshwari Cine Creations.
Aalim (; plural: Ulama) in its original meaning is known as a scholar.
More specifically, in Sunni Islam, an aalim is regarded as the one who protects and explains religious knowledge of Islam.
Ulama are educated in religious schools called madrasas.
By tradition, a student who had completed his studies was accepted by his teacher.
The student was given the permission for teaching and for giving lawful opinions, called fatwa.
Through time, this practice established a chain of teachers and pupils.
Woodhull twice went from rags to riches.
Woodhull was married three times.
During her third marraige, she changed her name to Victoria Woodhull Martin.
In 2003, Nipin joined the USAID's social awareness programme and started his career as a street magician.
Nipin appeared on several TV series including Onnum Onnum Moonu, Comedy Supernite, Ugram Ujjwalam, Comedy Stars, which earned him popularity among the Malayali people.
Fulani ecotype chickens are heavier and rich in meat quality.
It carries a dominant feather gene.
Research suggested that the chickens's adaptive feather genes will soon die out and need to be preserved.
Kaseba was the second wife of Michael Sata, the country's president from 2011 to 2014.
On November 18, 2014 Kaseba filed her nomination papers to contest the January 2015 presidential by-election under the Patriotic Front party shortly after her husband's death.
There are three public high schools (Appleton East, Appleton North, and Appleton West) and two religious high schools (Roman Catholic Xavier High School and Fox Valley Lutheran High School).
Several charter high schools also serve the children of Appleton.
Tlacote el Alto is a small town in the state of Querétaro, Mexico.
Verónica Fernández Echegaray (born 16 June 1983), known professionally as Verónica Echegui, is a Spanish actress.
The Kawasaki Heavy Industries & CRRC Qingdao Sifang C151C is the sixth generation of rolling stock to be introduced on the East West Line and North South Line of Singapore.
12 trains were purchased and were delivered between 2017 and 2019, where the trains were tested before starting full service in 2019.
Two law enforcement sources told the Associated Press that a man who was wounded in the attack is believed to be the shooter's boyfriend, and said that the shooting is believed to have been motivated by a domestic dispute.
The series was intended to be one minute short length, but due to test screenings, they were extended to three minutes.
The first nineteen episodes released during 2003 and 2004 are three minutes long.
The twentieth episode was eight minutes long.
The last five episodes released during 2005 are twelve minutes long.
The eleventh season of SpongeBob SquarePants started on June 17, 2017.
It started with the episodes Patrick's Coupon and Out of the Picture.
It ended on November 25, 2018 with the episode Goons on the Moon.
Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator, was the executive producer.
Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller were the showrunners.
In 2006, he was elected member of the International Weightlifting Federation Hall of Fame.
In 1968 he participated in Michael Mantler and Carla Bley's Jazz Composer's Orchestra Association album The Jazz Composer's Orchestra, featuring Cecil Taylor, Don Cherry, Larry Coryell and Gato Barbieri.
Offa bank Robbery attack was a robbery which led to the death of 33 people.
A sequel, titled Rocket League, was released in July 2015.
Rocket League was released for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows early in development, but in 2016, it was also released on Xbox One.
Khichdi Returns is an Indian television series.
Which premiered on 14 April 2018 and airs Star Plus and features the same cast in the series.
The series was first launched in 2002, and aired two seasons.
The Amaravati River is the longest tributary of Kaveri River.
This river flows through the districts of Karur and Tirupur in Tamil Nadu state.
The long Amaravati River begins at the Kerala/Tamil Nadu border at the bottom of Manjampatti Valley.
He also starred in Konopielka (1982), Axiliad (1986), The Mother of Kings (1987), Memories of a River (1990), Syzyfowe prace (1998), Quo Vadis (2001) and Jasminum (2006).
Ankita Lokhande is an Indian television and Bollywood actress.
She made her acting debut in 2009 with Zee TV's soap opera Drama .
Her appearance in the popular show has made her one of the highest-paid actress in the world of Indian Television.
Buruli ulcer has been reported in 33 countries in Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Western Pacific.
Most cases occur in tropical and subtropical regions except in Australia, China and Japan.
Out of the 33 countries, 14 regularly report data to WHO.
The yearly number of suspected Buruli ulcer cases reported globally was around 5000 cases until 2010.
Then, it started to decrease until 2016, reaching its minimum with 1961 cases reported.
Since then, the number of cases has started to rise again every year, up to 2713 cases in 2018.
In 2020 1258 cases were reported compared with 2271 cases in 2019.
The decrease in 2020 might be connected to Covid-19 decreasing how often new cases are found.
The exact mode of transmission of M.
ulcerans is still unknown.
Buruli ulcer often starts as a painless swelling in a particular place (nodule), a large painless area of induration (plaque) or a painless swelling over a large area of the legs, arms or face (oedema).
The disease may progress with no pain and fever.
Without treatment or sometimes during antibiotics treatment, the nodule, plaque or oedema will ulcerate within 4 weeks.
Bone is occasionally affected, causing deformities.
The disease has been classified into three categories of severity: Category I single small lesion (32%), Category II non-ulcerative and ulcerative plaque and oedematous forms (35%) and Category III disseminated and mixed forms such as osteitis, osteomyelitis and joint involvement (33%).
Differential diagnoses of Buruli ulcer include tropical phagedenic ulcers, chronic lower leg ulcers due to arterial and venous insufficiency (often in elderly populations), diabetic ulcers, cutaneous leishmaniasis, extensive ulcerative yaws and ulcers caused by Haemophilus ducreyi.
In Australia, papular lesions may at first be confused with an insect bite.
Four standard laboratory methods can be used to confirm Buruli ulcer: IS2404 polymerase chain reaction (PCR), direct microscopy, histopathology and culture.
In 2019, WHO established the Buruli ulcer Laboratory Network for Africa 2 to help strengthen PCR confirmation in 9 endemic countries in Africa.
13 laboratories participate in this network - supported by the American Leprosy Missions, Anesvad, Raoul Follereau Foundation and the Foundation for Innovative Diagnostic and coordinated by the Pasteur Center of Cameroon.
The rap group started in 1996 and lasted until 2004.
With Chronos’ Permit () is a novel by Russian writer Andrei Gusev, published in 1995.
Our nation created Guantanamo because we were legitimately angry and frightened by an unprovoked attack on our soil on September 11, 2001.
We thought that the detainees would provide would provide a treasure trove of information and intelligence.
I was ordered to construct the first 100 cells at Guantanamo within 96 hours [4 days].
The first group of 20 prisoners arrived 7 days after the order was given.
We were told that the prisoners were the 'worst of the worst', a common refrain for every set of detainees sent to Guantanamo.
The US has held 779 men there, most of them cleared for transfer, but stuck by politics.
President Trump has promised to keep the prison open, and to use it keep bad dudes.
He also wants to bring back waterboarding and worse.
On 10 June 2006, three prisoners (Mani al-Utaybi, Yasser al-Zahrani, Ali Abdullah Ahmed died in Guantanamo Bay.
The Pentagon told the media that the prisoners had been hanged with clothing and bedsheets.
[The detainees] were found unresponsive and not breathing in their cells by guards.
On 14th September 2001, Congress pushed for the Authorisation for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists, which would have given the President broad powers to start The War on Terror in response to the 9/11 attacks.
However, Secretary of State Colin Powell and State Department Legal Advisor William Howard Taft IV said that the president must observe the Geneva conventions.
On 13th November 2001, President Bush signed a military order titled Detention, Treatment and Trial of Certain Non-Citizens in the War Against Terrorism.
On 19th February 2002, Guantanamo detainees petitioned to review their detentions and the reasons for them.
US District Judge Collen Kollar-Kotelly rejected the petition, finding that non-US citizens in Cuba could not access or use US courts.
On 15 July 2005, a panel on the Court of Appeals threw out all of the prisoners' petitions.
On 7 November 2005 Supreme Court agreed to review that decision.
The Military Commissions Act 2006 was passed on 17 October 2006, allowing trial in military court for war criminals.
On 12 June 2008, the US Supreme Court decided against the government.
Justice Antony Kennedy said that Guantanamo prisoners had the right to petition in federal court.
On 3 March 2006, on order of US District Judge Jed S.
Rakoff, the Department of Defense released the names of 317 of the 500 prisoners being held in Guantanamo Bay.
The remaining 183 were held for privacy reasons.
On 27 September 2007, French Judge put back a conviction of six former Guantanamo prisoners.
Defense lawyers for the men (who were all French citizens), accused the French government of working with the US on their detentions.
On 21 October 2008, US District Court Judge Richard J.
Leon ordered the release of five Algerians and for a sixth to remain in Guantanamo.
In May 2007, the United Nations released a report for the UN Human Rights CouncilThe report said that the US had broken international law, Article 5 of the Geneva conventions, and the Nuremberg principles.
Abdallah Salih al-Ajmi committed a successful suicide attack in Mosul on 25 March 2008.
Al-Ajmi had been released from Guantanamo in 2005 and transferred to where he was from.
A Kuwati court later dropped all his terrorism charges.
Moussa Zenmouri (37, Belgian of Moroccan descent) and Soufiane A (Algerian) were arrested on 24 July 2015 on charges of terrorism.
They were release from Guantanamo in April 2005 and had been under police for suspected robbery.
Ibrahim al Qosi was featured in a video for 'Guardians of Shariah'as a religious leader in a high position in Al-Qaeda.
Al Qosi was Osama bin Laden's accountant in the early 90's, and moved to Afghanistan with bin Laden in 1996.
He was also bin Laden's chauffer.
He was in Guantanamo from 2002 to 2012.
On 8th March 2016, Reuters reported that 111 of 532 prisoners released by the Bush administration and 7 of 144 released by the Obama administration have returned.
So, 118 of 676 (17%) are confirmed to have returned to fighting, and a further 86 (13%) are suspected to have returned to fighting.
On 25 May 2005, Amnesty International released its annual report calling the prison the gulag of our times.
In November 2005, a group of experts from the United Nations on Human Rights called off their visit to Guantanamo Bay Camp Delta, saying that the US was not allowing them to hold private interviews with the prisoners.
The group continued to write a report on the conditions in the prison based on interviews with released prisoners, lawyers, and human rights groups that had already visited.
In February 2006, that report was published.
The report called on the US to either charge or release all suspected terrorists, and included the US ambassador's reply to the draft versions of the report.
Wu Yang (simplified Chinese: 无藏; traditional Chinese: 舞藏; Pinyin Wu Yang`; born 5 January 1992) is a female Chinese table tennis player.
She is one of the best defenders in the world.
The Nissan Leaf (Leading Environmentally-friendly Affordable Family vehicle) is a 5-door electric hatchback car built by Nissan.
The Nissan Leaf has become the first mass-market fully-electric vehicle.
It has been made since 2010.
It does not use any gasoline or diesel so it is a zero emissions vehicle.
It only uses electricity.
Joo Sae-hyuk (Korean 주세혁; born 20 January 1980 in Seoul) is a South- Korean table tennis player.
He is right-handed player and uses the Shakehand-grip.
He stands at Butterfly under contract and plays on the forhand with Tenergy 64, while he uses on the backhand long pips as the Tibhar Grass D.Tecs or TSP Curl P1R on a Butterfly defensive wood.
Lee Sang-su (Korean 이상수; other spellings: Lee Sangsu; born 13 August 1990 in Seoul) is a table tennis player from South Korea.
He plays for Samsung Life Insurance.
At World Championships he won one time bronze in the singles, twice bronze in the doubles and one time silver in the mixed doubles.
The idea of the extension was first mooted on 25 January 2008 with the extension proposed to be completed by 2015.
Rajapalaiyam is a town and a special grade municipality.
It is in the Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Its main attraction is the Ayyanar Falls.
The economy is based on the manufacture of textiles.
There are mills for spinning and weaving cotton.
This town is also known for the Rajapalayam variety of dogs.
Neyveli is a town in Cuddalore district, Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The town was developed in 1956 after the establishment (construction) of Neyveli Lignite Corporation.
In 1935, the presence of black particles was discovered.
It was found that the particles are Lignite.
The Neyveli Lignite Corporation was formed by the Government of India in 1956.
The mining of lignite was started in 1962.
Later thermal power station was started in 1962 with the co-operation of U.S.S.R.
It covered the areas of the present-day districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi of Karnataka and the Kasaragod District of Kerala.
In this district Tulu, Malayalam , Kannada, Konkani and Beary are the main languages spoken.
In 1859, Kanara was split into two districts, North and South.
North Kanara was made a part of the Bombay Presidency.
South Canara was made a part of Madras.
Mangalore was the administrative headquarters of the district.
The district covered an area of .
Woh Apna Sa is an Indian Hindi-Language television soap opera.
Which premiered on 23 January 2017.
And is broadcast on Zee TV.
The show will be produced by Rashmi Sharma Telefilms Limited.
It Stars Disha Panwar,Sudeep Sahir and Manasi Salvi.
Following the 1398 Delhi invasion of Amir Timur, he appointed the Sayyids as the governors of Delhi.
This dynasty was established by Sayyid Khizr Khan.
He was appointed by Timur to be the governor of Multan (Punjab).
Khizr Khan captured Delhi from Daulat Khan Lodi on May 28, 1414.
By this way he established (formed) the Sayyid dynasty.
Kim Song-i (born 10 August 1994 in Pyongyang) is a table tennis player from North Korea.
She won with the team at the World Championships 2016 as well as the Olympics 2016 in the singles the bronzemedal.
She is a defender, with long pips at the backhand.
Ri Myong-sun (korean 꺄 ㅡ캐ㅜㅎ/녀ㅜ; born 26 January 1992 in Pyongyang) is a table tennis player from North Korea.
She used as racket the Joo Se-hyuk racket and on the forehand the Tenergy 05, on the backhand she used long pips as the Butterfly Feint Soft.
Dinakaran is a Tamil daily newspaper distributed in India.
It was founded by K.
P.
Kandasamy in 1977.
It is currently owned by the Sun Network group.
Dinakaran is the second largest distributed Tamil daily in India after Dina Thanthi.It is printed in 12 cities across India.
These cities are Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, Mumbai, New Delhi, Nagercoil, Pondicherry, Salem, Tiruchirappalli, Tirunelveli and Vellore.
Multiple applications are installed that perform the same task in order to provide a choice for each user that uses the system.
Political progress was slow.
Hamer became frustrated.
She began doing economic work.
She began a “pig bank to provide free pigs for Black farmers to breed, raise, and slaughter.
She later founded the Freedom Farm Cooperative (FFC).
Hamer purchased land that Black people could own and farm independently.
Donors supported her so that she could buy more than 600 acres to build a store, a boutique, and a sewing factory.
The term CAD/CAM is a shortening of Computer-Aided Design (CAD) and Computer-Aided Manufacture (CAM).
The term CAD/NC (Numerical Control) is equivalent in some industries.
Most CAD/CAM software was developed for product development and to design and manufacture of components and molds.
They are also increasingly used by architects.
CAD/CAM software uses CAD drawing tools to describe geometries used by the CAM portion of the program to define a toolpath that will direct the motion of a machine tool to machine the exact shape that was drawn.
The Ancient Beringians are the earliest known population of North America.
They migrated from Beringia into Alaska  sometime before 11,500 years ago.
They separated from other Paleo-Indians about 20,000 years ago.
The discovery of an Ancient Beringian genome from the remains of two infants dated to 11,500 years ago was announced in January 2018.
Anatole Borisovich Katok (; August 9, 1944 – April 30, 2018) was an Russian-American mathematician.
Katok was the Director of the Center for Dynamics and Geometry at the Pennsylvania State University.
The Alpine orogeny (sometimes Alpide orogeny) is the building of mountain ranges in central and southern Europe and west Asia.
Won't You Be My Neighbor?is a 2018 documentary movie directed by Morgan Neville.
It is about the life and philosophy of Fred Rogers, the host and creator of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.
The trailer was released on what would have been Rogers' 90th birthday, March 20, 2018.
It has made $22 million in the box office making it the highest grossing biographical-documentary of all time.
Middlebury is the shire town (county seat) of Addison County, Vermont, United States.
The population was 9,152 at the 2020 census.
When someone has Stickler's they may have problems with their joints, eyes, ears, heart, and in some rare cases their skin.
Stickler syndrome affects around 1 in 10,000 people.
The temptation of Christ is detailed in the Gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke.
On January 26, 2012, he hosted the radio program every Friday at the office of District Seong Dong, where he was serving his two-year mandatory military service.
His first episode was broadcast on January 20 and had received 5,600 hits.
Ross died on July 30, 2016, in a motorcycle accident on a mountain road near Yosemite National Park while on his way to photograph one of his favorite subjects, the Half Dome in Yosemite Valley.
Kasamh Se is an Indian television soap opera.
It was produced by Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms.
The soap opera aired on Zee TV.
From 16 January 2006 through 12 March 2009, on Monday through Friday.
The highlighted countries qualified for the final.
In earlier times, this land was a part of Elayadathu Swarupam, a principality ruled by a branch of the Travancore Royal Family.
Lopača flows below the village of Gelići, along the slopes of Melina (north) and Osoje (south).
It flows into Vrbanja at an altitude of 566 m, under the slopes of Previja with the summit of Padališće (785 m).
At the age of 8, he and his friends played a small band by turning pots and buckets into drums and making banjos (non-electric guitars) using tins, planks and strings.
Among that band B Flow was the only one who is now a professional musician.
The final was played at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kiev on 26 May 2018.
The home team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
And TV (written as &TV ) is a Hindi language television channel It is owned by Zee Entertainment Enterprises.
The channel was launched as a general entertainment channel from ZEEL group from its & bouquet.
It started broadcasting on 2 March 2015.
Neendakara is a village in Karunagappally taluk, Kollam district, Kerala, India.
It is Kollam district's medium fishing port.
The death toll from one tornado alone was 695.
In Illinois, there were 613 deaths.
There were 11 deaths in Missouri.
There were at least 71 deaths in Indiana.
Này Công Dân ơi!Quốc gia đến ngày giải phóng.
Đồng lòng cùng đi hy sinh tiếc gì thân sống.
Làm sao cho núi sông từ nay luôn vững bền.
Thù nước, lấy máu đào đem báo.
Người Công Dân luôn vững bền tâm trí.
Vang tiếng người nước Nam cho đến muôn đời!
Công Dân ơi!Mau hiến thân dưới cờ!
Of one heart we go forth, sacrificing ourselves with no regrets.
Let us make this land eternally strong.
We the People remain resolute in our hearts and minds.
The Glory of the Vietnamese forever resounds!
Oh citizens!Hasten to offer yourselves under the flag!
During the Medieval Annam, Viet comics often be called mạn họa (漫畫, comics) or liên-hoàn họa (連環畫, sequential drawings) which was affected by China and sometimes India.
They illustrated philosophy or tales which were printed by wood-blocks.
There were some drawings for the educating females which were called moral books (Luân-lý giáo-khoa thư).
The Kerala State Water Transport Department operates boat services from Kollam to West Kallada, Muthirapparambu, Munroe Island and Alappuzha.
The Kollam-Muthirapparambu boat service attracts a lot of tourist attention.
All festivals based on the temples and Churches in the Panchayath.
Tale of Gióng the Saint () is a 1970 Vietnamese animated film which was based on the mythology, directed by Ngô Mạnh Lân.
Tale of Gióng the Saint who was a hero of Phu Dong village.
Tale of moon rabbits () is a 1967 Vietnamese animated film, directed by Hồ Quảng.
At Mid-Autumn Festival, one bear stealed moon.
Then a turtle with moon rabbits has determined to rescue the moon.
But a tiger, a cobra and foxs prevented road to eat moon rabbits.
Then Bear seeked Chicken and called Bees to chase Fox.
Dil Se Dil Tak (English: From Heart To Heart) was an Indian Hindi romantic television drama, which premiered on 30 January 2017 and aired on Colors TV.
Salinas is the county seat and largest municipality of Monterey County, California.
It is an urban area located just outside the southern part of the Greater Bay Area and east-southeast of the mouth of the Salinas River.
The population was 163,542 as of 2020.
Anchalumoodu is connected well with roads.
The town is 8 km away from Kollam city centre Chinnakada and 8 km from Kundara town.
Regular city services and transport buses are there to Kollam city from Anchalumoodu.
Mosques include Kureepuzha Mosque, Karuva Mosque and Chiraiyil Mosque.
All 50 states have looked at bills to join the NPVIC.
In some states, only one house has approved the agreement: Arizona, Arkansas, Maine, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, and Oklahoma.
Maryland, New Jersey, and Washington had bills to leave the agreement, but these failed.
Women had many roles in the American Revolution.
Razia Sultan is an Indian historical television Soap Opera drama.
The show tells story of the first Indian women sultana of Delhi Razia Sultana.
The was produced by Swastik Pictures.
The Kerala backwaters of Kollam/Alappuzha is 14 km from Edakkidom.
Some of the tourist spots near Edakkidom are Thenmala Ecotourism (39 km) and Palaruvi Water Falls (33 km).
At Malamel, there is a huge rock on which there is a famous Shiva Temple.
A temple festival is held on 3 December.
The temple has 5 doors and is considered to be divine and ancient because of the close proximity of Jadayupara (Chadayamangalam) (the rock that Jadayu carried on his wings).
It has also a cave at extreme left of the temple, which a British Adventurer in the year 1946, tried in vain to venture into, and which leads to the Kulathupuzha Forest.
This cave is believed to be a haven for very venomous snakes.
The knockout stage of the 2018 FIFA World Cup is the second stage of the competition, just after the group stage.
Hiss is a sound that a snake makes.
It as such doesn't have a voice.
This sound is created when it flickers it's tongues to taste.
The fast movement of the tongue causes this sound.
to determine the groups in which the 32 qualified national teams will play in at the start of the tournament.
The teams were put into four pots of eight, with one team selected from each pot to form a group.
Terence Hanbury White wrote a lot of great books.
For example The Sword in the Stone, The Queen of Air and Darkness and The Candle in the Wind.
All three books show people the life of  King Arthur.
Terence Hanbury White might have been changed by Sir Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur , a remaking of story we have now by Sir Thomas Malory about the famous King Arthur, and decided to make his own story about King Arthur.
White wrote these three books as a series of how King Arthur became a famous person in the history .
The Sword in the Stone is about king Arthur’s when he was very young.
The Queen of air and darkness is about Arthur ’ s early days as a king.
The Candle In the Wind is the end of King Arthur story.
A total of 32 teams play in the group stage: 26 teams which enter in this stage, and the six winners of the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path).
The regulation is approved by the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union and the European Commission.
It protects people's personal data throughout the European Union (EU).
The decree also affects data exports from the EU.
Because he is the oldest son of a duke, he has the official title of Earl of Wessex but his father's dukedom will revert to the Crown upon his death.
At first, Donji Kraji referred to a region around Ključ on the Sana.
From the 13th century on, the region was more often called Donji kraji Slavonije than Donji kraji Bosne or Donji kraji Bosanski.
A total of 48 teams play in the group stage: 17 teams which enter in this stage, the 21 winners of the play-off round (eight from Champions Path, thirteen from Main Path), the six losers of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path), and the four League Path losers of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round.
In the knockout phase, teams play against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final.
The draw for the round of 32 was held on 17 December 2018.
The first legs were played on 12 and 14 February, and the second legs were played on 20 and 21 February 2019.
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 22 February 2019.
The first legs were played on 7 March, and the second legs were played on 14 March 2019.
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 15 March 2019.
The first legs were played on 11 April, the second legs were played on 18 April 2019.
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 15 March 2019 (after the quarter-final draw).
The first legs were played on 2 May, and the second legs were played on 9 May 2019.
The final was played at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kyiv on 26 May 2018.
The home team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
Hosur is an industrial city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
It is the largest city in the Krishnagiri District.
Hosur is also a satellite town of the city of Bengaluru.
Hosur assembly constituency is part of Krishnagiri Lok Sabha constituency.
It is also known as The Little England of India.
Svetlin Rusev (; 14 June 1933 – 26 May 2018) was a Bulgarian artist and a collector of art.
He was known for the Svetlin Rusev Donative Exhibition, a permanent art exhibition in Pleven, including over 400 works of Bulgarian and foreign artist donated by him.
In 1836, Daniel T.
Porter laid out a village plan.
That is where Mahomet is now.
Aeolosaurus (; Aeolus' lizard) is a well-known titanosaur sauropod.
Aeolosaurus is well known for a titanosaur, as it is represented by the remains of several individuals belonging to at least three species.
However, like most sauropods, no remains of the skull are known.
The 1984 Carolinas tornado outbreak of March 28, 1984 across North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia was the largest tornado outbreak in the two Carolinas since the Enigma tornado outbreak 100 years earlier.
As of , there are seven living former prime ministers of Portugal, as seen below.
The final was played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu on 16 May 2018.
The home team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
He was as an active member of the Anthropological Society of Yugoslavia and was a Co-Founder and member of the Association of Genetics in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Columbia Heights is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.
The population was 21,973 at the 2020 census.
In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format.
The group winners and runners-up advanced to the round of 32, where they were joined by the eight third-placed teams of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League group stage.
The matchdays were 14 September, 28 September, 19 October, 2 November, 23 November, and 7 December 2017.
Parentheses show how many students enter in a year.
The Zodiac Killer was a serial killer who operated in Northern California from at least the late 1960s to the early 1970s.
The killer's identity remains unknown.
The Zodiac murdered victims in Benicia, Vallejo, Lake Berryessa, and San Francisco between December 1968 and October 1969.
Four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted.
The killer originated the name Zodiac in a series of taunting letters sent to the local Bay Area press.
These letters included four cryptograms (or ciphers).
Of the four cryptograms sent, only one has been definitively solved.
The problem is that these laws are ignored most of the time.
Some 11 million children, aged four to fourteen, keep the country's factories working, often working in bad conditions.
Here I pay obeisance to VArdhamana, the saviour, the promulgator of the law, who is saluted by the suras, Asuras and lords of men, and who has washed off the dirt of destructive Karmas.
The great souled Sramana, who has put an end to his delusive vision, who is expert in scriptures and who has established himself in conduct free from attachment, is qualified as Dharma.
Therefore, thus realizing the soul as the knower by nature, I give up the notion of mineness and have come to adopt the (notion of) non-attachment.
Vaginal tumors are tumors that can be found in the vagina.
A tumor in the vagina can be cancer (malignant) but not all tumors in the vagina are cancer.
Tumors that are not cancer are called benign tumors.
Tumors have many different names.
Another name for a tumor is neoplasm.
A neoplasm is too much growth of tissue that forms a lump.
The galaxy is a compact elliptical galaxy type.
Compact ellipticals are rather rare.
Like more ordinary elliptical galaxies, M32 contains mostly older faint red and yellow stars with practically no dust or gas and consequently no current star formation.
It does, however, show hints of star formation in the relatively recent past.
M32 contains a supermassive black hole.
The Patna Junction railway station is connected to most of the major cities in India by the railway network.
If we choose a very small value h ∈ (0,1), we can make a bubble formula_1, in which all the values are in (0,1).
Charles Thomas Vinci Jr.
(February 28, 1933 – June 13, 2018) was an American weightlifter and Olympic champion.
These bacteria have thick cell walls that give them gram-positive stains, and they have a second membrane.
They are closer in structure to that of gram-negative bacteria.
Tourism brings lot of activity to the Andamans.
Andaman is seen as a destination for honeymooners, with the next image being a tropical island with a variety of water sports available here.
Also, travel has promoted other great industries in the area as well, like the banking sector, wildlife regions, handicrafts, shipping etc.
Zou Tribe is one of the Schedule Tribes of Manipur.
The Zou tribal populace is mainly concentrated in two districts of the state, namely, Churachandpur and Chandel.
Zou language has been incorporated in the study curriculum of several high schools and also some of the higher secondary schools in the state of Manipur.
As we are born in sin, we cannot even love ourselves and there is no knowledge about what is forgiveness, because of the enormous sins inherited in us.
Eventhough we are in this situation, inspite of our enormous sins the one who has mercy, sympathises us and forgives us our sins is the God called Jehovah.
(b) Atui suh inlu ong damdiel in luong e, Ching aw vâi bang na thâm na hie?
The United States Space Force (USSF) is a part of the U.S.
Armed Forces.
It is focused on war in space.
It is the sixth branch of the U.S.
military.
The four best third-placed teams from the six groups go to the knockout stage along with the six group winners and six runners-up.
Peter B.
Dragone is an American entrepreneur based in Greater Boston.
Peter is well-known for founding Keurig, Inc., a commercial beverage brewing company.
Mohali is a city in the Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district, Punjab, India.
It is the headquarters of Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district.
It was officially named after Sahibzada Ajit Singh as SAS Nagar (The City of Sahibzada Ajit Singh).
He was the eldest son of Guru Gobind Singh.
It is still known popularly as 'Mohali'.
In 2017, he joined Facebook owner Mark Zuckerberg's wife, Priscilla Chan's charity organization, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, after leaving Uber as a lead effort and advocacy.
Simic was appointed the fifteenth Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 2007.
The Falcon 9 is a two-stage rocket.
it is powered by LOX and RP-1.
Both stages have Merlin 1D rocket engines.
The first stage has nine that are adapted for use at sea-level.
The second stage has one that is adapted for use in a vacuum.
The engines uses a pyrophoric mixture of triethylaluminum-triethylborane (TEA-TEB) to ignite the engine.
The first stage engines are set in a form SpaceX calls Octaweb.
Many cores have four landing legs at the base of the Octaweb.
To control the core while it falls through the atmosphere, SpaceX uses grid fins.
They deploy from the vehicle after separation.
The legs deploy moments before landing.
Bamboo Airways is a Vietnamese airline.
The headquarters are in Hanoi.
The center of activity is from Phu Cat Airport in Qui Nhon.
The company was founded in 2017.
VietJet Air will begin operation in October 2018.
It will have flights to most of airports in Vietnam and some international airports.
On 26th March 2016, it signed a purchase order with Airbus to buy 24 Airbus A320neo, signed a purchase order with Boeing to buy 20 Boeing 787.
The aircraft will be delivered from 2020.
The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) was one of the Big Four British railway companies from 1923 to 1948.
It was formed on 1 January 1923 under the Railways Act of 1921, which required the grouping of over 120 separate railways into four.
The companies merged into the LMS included the London and North Western Railway, the Midland Railway, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (which had previously merged with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922), several Scottish railway companies (including the Caledonian Railway), and numerous other, smaller ventures.
Abbas Alizada known as Bruce Lee of Afghanistan is an amateur athlete in Kung-fu and Wushu in Afghanistan.
The South Eastern Railway (SER) was a railway company in south-eastern England from 1836 to 1922.
The company was formed to construct a route from London to Dover.
Branch lines were later opened to Tunbridge Wells, Hastings, Canterbury and other places in Kent.
The SER absorbed or leased other railways, including the London and Greenwich Railway and the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway.
Most of the company's routes were in Kent, eastern Sussex and the London suburbs.
There was also a long cross-country route from Redhill, Surrey to Reading, Berkshire.
The town and the area round it grew in the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Stacey Yvonne Abrams (born December 9, 1973) is an American politician, lawyer, romance novelist, and businesswoman.
She was the house minority leader for the Georgia General Assembly and state representative for the 89th House District.
She is a member of the Democratic Party.
San Rafael ( ; Saint Raphael) is a city in and the county seat of Marin County, California, United States.
The city is in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area.
As of the 2020 census the city's population is 61,271.
The 2024 UEFA European Football Championship, also known as UEFA Euro 2024 or simply Euro 2024, will be the 17th edition of the UEFA European Championship.
Germany will host the tournament.
It is scheduled from 14 June to 14 July 2024.
Until 1867 it did only repairs and maintenance.
In 1866, Patrick Stirling was appointed as Locomotive Superintendent, and the first of the 875 class was built in 1886.
At this time the works also began building new coaches.
In 1873 they built the first sleeping cars; in 1879 the first dining cars in the United Kingdom; and in 1882 the first corridor coaches.
In 1891, 99 locomotives, 181 carriages and 1493 wagons were built.
From 5 April 1908 to 5 May 1936, the Royal Corps of Somali Colonial Troops (Regio corpo truppe coloniali della Somalia Italiana), originally called the Guard Corps of Benadir, served as the territory's formal military corps with headquarters in Mogadiscio.
At the start of its establishment, the force had 2,600 Italian officers.
Between 1911 and 1912, over 1,000 Somalis from Mogadishu served as combat units along with Eritrean and Italian soldiers in the Italo-Turkish War.
Most of the troops stationed never returned home until they were transferred back to Italian Somaliland in preparation for the Second Italo-Ethiopian War in 1935.
It is noteworthy to pinpoint that Mogadiscio was the only name of Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, when was officially under Italy's rule from 1905 until February 1947.
The only official language in those years was the Italian language.
By 1935, Mogadishu began to serve as a major naval base and port for the Italians.
Then Prime Minister of Italy Benito Mussolini regarded Greater Somalia (La Grande Somalia) with capital Mogadiscio as the crown jewel in Italy's colonial empire in eastern Africa.
Consequently, from 1936 to 1940, new roads were constructed in the region around Mogadiscio, such as the Imperial Road from Mogadishu to Addis Abeba.
New railways (114 km from Mogadishu to Jowhar) and many schools, hospitals, ports and bridges were also built.
After WW2, in February 1947 the Italian government signed the Peace Treaty (surrendering all colonies) and Italian Mogadiscio ceased to exist.
Richard Bruce Hunter (July 6, 1939 – July 6, 2018) was an American competition swimmer.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
He represented the United States at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Hunter swam in the men's 100-meter freestyle, advanced to the finals, and finished fourth overall with a time of 55.6 seconds.
Dirk Uipko Stikker, (5 February 1897 – 23 December 1979) was a Dutch banker, industrialist, politician, and diplomat.
The Somali Dervish movement (Somali: Halgankii Daraawiishta) was a popular movement that developed in Somaliland between 1899 and 1920.
Thomas Rulon Osmond (born October 26, 1947) is an American musician and activist.
He was born in Ogden, Utah.
He is known mostly as a non-performing member of the Osmond family.
Osmond is the first deaf missionaries from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Towcester is famous for its racecourse.
Many important national horse racing events are held there.
Greyhound racing is also held at the same venue.
In 2010 the World Hovercraft Championship was held on the racecourse.
Chief Olusegun Mathew Okikiola Aremu Obasanjo, GCFR, Ph.D.
Jusuf Gazibegović (born 11 March 2000) is a Bosnian football player.
He plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Austrian Football Bundesliga as a defender.
The Magnavox Odyssey is a home video game console made by Magnavox in 1972.
It is the first video game console ever made.
It is part of the Magnavox Odyssey series.
Stepney is a district of London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
In 1989, Inoki entered Japanese politics as he was elected to the Japanese House of Councillors and as part of his first term with the House of Councillors successfully negotiated with Saddam Hussein for the release of Japanese hostages.
He retired from politics in 1995, but was re-elected in 2013.
August 23-25, 1893: The 1893 New York hurricane hits New York City at the Brooklyn area.
The storm is a Category 1 hurricane when it hits.
Hog Island is washed away by the storm.
Hurricanes and tropical storms have been recorded in New England since the 17th century.
But such storms have hit the region since long before then.
The New England States are Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.
Punch refers to many drinks made from fruit or fruit juice and sometimes alcohol.
The drink was started in India, then was brought to the United Kingdom in the early 1600s.
The drink spread to other countries.
Punch is usually served at parties in large bowls known as punch bowls.
Agni is the Vedic fire god of Hinduism.
According to the Vedas, Agni is considered as the mouth of the Deities, and the medium that conveys offerings to them in the Yagynas.
He knew that Cook was not ugly and that audiences would have to accept the idea and pretend: You either go along with it or you don't go along with it.
He compared it to how Clark Kent changes into Superman.
Instead of making a real change from ugly to pretty, he said it was more important to find an actress who could show the different changes in her personality and feelings.
Filming took place in various places in California.
The highschool scenes were shot at Torrance High School, where Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Beverly Hills, 90210 had also filmed.
One night after college, Radhika meets Dev.
They spend time together but Radhika feels bad that she is attracted to someone else.
Later on, she finds out that Dev is the one she had married as a child and tells him the truth.
Under obligations, he tells her to marry Rohan.
She tries to make him accept many times, but he refuses.
Radhika is unable to get married to Rohan after all.
A fire starts and Rohan gets badly burned, though Radhika is saved.
Dev meets Radhika in the hospital and asks her what caused the fire.
She tells him that Rohan knows that she loves someone else; Dev gets angry at this and tells her he hates her.
Radhika decides to get into their house as the choti bahu and wife of Dev without telling anyone so she can gain Dev's trust back.
After all the misunderstandings are cleared, the family accepts Dev and Radhika's relationship and Dev and Radhika are soon to be wed.
However, because of social norms, everyone calls Radhikha an unchaste woman.
To end this problem, Dadaji calls off Dev's marriage with Radikha and fixes it with Barkha.
On the eve of Barkha and Dev's wedding, Barkha, wishing to help Radhika, lies to Radikha that she has told Dadaji about what happened 12 years ago and Dadaji has accepted her and will let her become Dev's wife.
Radhika therefore dresses up in Barkha's wedding dress and takes the wedding vows with Dev.
After Dadaji realizes that Dev married Radikha instead of Barkha, he suffers a fatal heart attack.
The Purohit family decides that Dev will pretend to be married to Barkha in the public eye, and Radhika will perform all of the normal tasks at home.
Radhika obediently performs all the duties of a choti bahu.
Barkha puts sleeping powder in Dev's juice, causing him to become unconscious.
Barkha then reveals that she loves Dev and Radhika overhears everything.
Barkha realizes this and decides to kill Radhika to get Dev's love.
Barkha murders Radhika by driving into her with a car twice.
In a twist, Radhika returns after a month, but this time is different — she has become confident and fearless.
This is because Kanha, the god Radhika is devoted to, has disguised himself as Radhika to put an end to Barkha's crimes, as Dev is made only for Radhika.
The rest of the story tells how Kanha teaches Barkha her lesson.
One day, when Kanha is at home as Radhika, Dev asks her if she's alright.
Radhikha asks why, and Dev tells her he saw her outside the temple begging for help.
This is actually the real Radhika, who was reborn after Barkha tried to suffocate her.
Dev is later poisoned by a juice that Barkha got originally for Radhika, and the family believes Radhika did it.
Barkha repeatedly tries to get Radhika out of the house.
monastery land and humiliate her husband she severs all ties with them and try to find krishnas idol and leave but Khana comes and tell Radhika she has to stay back alone because of the battle against right and wrong.
Radika stays back but Dev and her in laws get mad at her and Radhika s family think that she did that for money and she became greedy.
In the morning Radikha was doing a puja without an idol and ruby comes but she is not her self but an evil spirit comes and possessed her body and Ruby strangles Radhika but doesn't succeed.
Radhika thinks that there is a bad omen when the mirror shatters and the curtains flow when the windows are closed.
In the middle of the night Ruby suddenly enters the purohit house in Dev and Radhika s room.
The spirit ruby faints after seeing khanas photo.
Dev is confused and the family.the next morning Ruby s family come to pick her up but the spirit comes in her and she says that she wants to stay and says that the monastery will stay with her.
Then after a few incidents Radhika and Dev find out that Ruby is possessed by an evil spirit and the priest says that either Ruby or Radhika have to live but to take away the evil spirit radhika must go to a cave that leads to the world of death.
she has to get an antidote that will take the evil spirit out of ruby's body.
Radhika faces snakes and poisonous plants.
She survives by praying to Kanha .
At home sonia (Radhika's step-mother aunt), Rb (Radhika and Ruby s father), and Jolly think Dev is talking rubbish when he tells them that ruby is possessed by an evil spirit and she cant get out of the house.
Sonia thinks that this is an opportunity to get the bharadwaj property and ruby would die.
Jolly tells Ruby who is suffering that Dev is talking rubbish and takes off Kanha's locket to protect ruby then the spirit comes in ruby and kicks Jolly out.
Jolly is shocked and so is the family.
Radhika gets the antidote and tries to give it to ruby but the spirit flies and Tries to kill ruby radhika saves her and ruby says sorry to everyone for being to rude.
Then she dies.
Everyone agrees that she is dead but radhika does not.
She goes to the temple and tells Kanha to bring her to life but she kills herself instead and dies and talks to Kanha.
Kanha says that this is her destiny but radhika changed it and she isn't supposed to die.
Radhika tells kanha to bring her to life and kanha listens and ruby comes to life.
Ruby is sad and begs to khana to bring her to life and promises him she will never be bad to radhika.
She tells radhika she will change and Jolly also says to khana and puts his gun before kanha and promises he will never do anything illegal but just let his sister come to life.
Radhika comes to life and ruby and Jolly thank khana.
Sonia and the others cant believe it.
Sonia is mad then she wont get the property.
Rb says that his first wife who is radhika's mother savatri died when radhika and ruby were babies and took radhika to mansaraam.
Rb admits that Kanha exists and everyone bow down and thank kanha.
SO far everyone has changed except Sonia.
Radhika was adopted by Mansaram after her mother's death.
An ardent follower of Krishna, Radhika was married off to Dev in her childhood itself.
Radhika is selected as the bride for Rohan and after marriage becomes the Choti Bahu of the Purohit family.
Radhika is unaware of the fact the Dev, the Purohit's domestic help, is her real husband.
She feels a spiritual connect with Dev at their first meeting itself.
Radhika discovers the fact that Dev is her first husband but is unable to reveal it to him.
Later on, Barka buries Radhika alive to get her true love, but since Radhika was a ardent devoteee of lord kanha, kanha promises radhika to take good care of the family while he is imposting her.
Radhika finds out her real dad and sister and finds out the turth that her mother took her there for a festivel and died in an accident.
Twenty three-year-old Dev is a Purohit by birth.
However, the truth is known only to Dadaji and Dai Maa.
Principled and upright, Dev got married to Radhika when both were children.
Dev completely forgets about his marriage and Radhika as he grows into an adult.
However, destiny helps him meet Radhika when she is selected as the bride for Rohan.
Eldest daughter-in-law.
Dev's guardian is the protagonist and she loves Dev and Radhika the most out of the whole family.
She works for the purohits but they treat her like a mother.
Dai Maa has a very strong heart and believes in khana whole heartedly.
Dai Maa treated and still treat Dev like her son when no one knew who his real parents were but since they found out that paad maa is his mother but she loves him like his mother.
Dev's dead grandfather.
He is the former head priest.
He always knew who Dev's real parents were.
Dadaji fell off the stairs when Mareshwari pushed him off to become head priestess.
Dadaji died in a heart attack when he found out that Dev married Radhika instead of Barkha.
Mohini is Virat's wife and loves shopping and makeup and dressing up.
Mohini is a talker and whenever there's a problems she makes a joke.
Mohini doesn't like to work in the kitchen.
Virat's father.
Gopaldas is a protagonist and he likes to recite riddles and jokes.
He loves his family and doesn't like to see them hurt even when his wife and son try to hurt them.
Radhika's friend & main female antagonist now dead.
But sources say that she will return to the show in the guise of a bride and trouble Radhika and Dev, ultimately killing Dev and bringing him into the other world.
Male Antagonist now dead.
Radhika killed him and is a devil that Barkha hired to kill fake radhika.
Radhika's sister and was antagonist and is now protagonist who now loves radhika she is a twin sister of her.
Radhika's & Ruby's biological father.
Becker began his career at Internacional.
He made over 100 appearances and won the Campeonato Gaúcho in each of his four seasons at the club.
In 2016, he signed a €7.5 million transfer to Roma.
In July 2018, he signed for Liverpool for a fee of €72.5 million (£66.8m), a world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper at the time.
In his first season with Liverpool, he won the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League, with Liverpool defeating Tottenham Hotspur 2–0 in the final, and finished second in the Premier League.
He also won the Premier League Golden Glove, keeping 21 clean sheets.
The Litterbug is a 1961 animated short subject produced by Walt Disney Productions and featuring Donald Duck.
The Vamana Purana tells how King Kuru came to settle here.
He chose this land at the banks of Sarasvati River which dried up before 1900 BCE for embedding spirituality with eight virtues: austerity (Tapas (Sanskrit)), truth (Satya), forgiveness (Kshama), kindness (daya), purity (Shuddha), charity (Daana), Yajna and Brahmacharya.
Lord Vishnu was impressed with the act of King Kuru and blessed him.
God gave him two boons: one that this land forever will be known as a Holy Land and the other that anyone dying on this land will go to heaven.
The land of Kurukshetra was between two rivers — the Sarasvati and the Drishadvati.
When the Russian revolutionaries made the agreement public in 1917 after the Bolshevik Revolution, which caused embarassment among the British and French and growing distrust among the Arabs.
More than hundred years later, this agreement is still mentioned in the current conflicts and disputes in the respective regions of the Middle East.
Since 2017, a successful referendum voted to make the presidency an executive post.
In 1989, he was shot and killed during a drug deal in Oakland, California, aged 47.
Melinda Katz has two children.
Hunter Katz is one of them and he goes to Rusell Sage in Forest Hills.
Commerzbank AG is a major German bank operating as a universal bank, headquartered in Frankfurt am Main.
In the 2019 financial year, the bank was the second largest in Germany by the total value of its balance sheet.
The bank is present in more than 50 countries around the world and provides almost a third of Germany's trade finance.
In 2017, it handled 13 million customers in Germany and 5 million customers in Central and Eastern Europe.
Commerzbank is a member of the Cash Group.
He is famous for having performed songs by composers such as Georges Brassens, Léo Ferré and Georges Moustaki.
Inspired by American pop and jazz in the style of Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett and Andy Williams.
He recorded international hits such as Blue, bland, blond, L'amour ça fait passer le temps, Ballade pour l'espagnol, Le plus beau tango du monde and Cathy, fais-moi danser.
His famous song entitled Le Mexicain reached number 1 on the charts in France.
He has also made movies and is director of soundtracks.
Pakistanis go to the polls on Wednesday, July 25, to elect another National Assembly for a five-year term.
But instead of prospectively celebrating the second peaceful transition of power from one civilian government to another—which in the case of Pakistan is an important marker indeed—the general mood among observers appears to be one of great concern.
Thomas has enjoyed success both on the track and on the road.
On the track he was a specialist in the team pursuit.
He won three world championships and was Olympic gold medalist twice, in 2008 and 2012.
Thomas had an early success on the road at the 2004 Paris–Roubaix Juniors and later had senior victories at the 2010 British National Road Race Championships, the 2014 Commonwealth Games road race and his first classic, the 2015 E3 Harelbeke.
He has also had a number of stage race overall victories; including the 2011 and 2014 Bayern-Rundfahrt, the 2016 Paris–Nice, the 2017 Tour of the Alps and the 2018 Critérium du Dauphiné.
All former presidents of Peru since 1985 have been prosecuted since leaving office.
Ollanta Moisés Humala Tasso (; born 27 June 1962) is a Peruvian politician.
He was the 65th President of Peru from 2011 to 2016.
Humala lost the 2006 presidential election and eventually won the 2011 presidential election in a run-off vote.
He was elected as President of Peru in the second round, defeating Keiko Fujimori (daughter of former President Alberto Fujimori).
Born to a prominent political family affiliated with the ethnocacerist movement, Humala is the son of famed Quechua labour lawyer Isaac Humala.
Humala entered the Peruvian Army in 1981, eventually achieveing the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
During his time in the military, he fought in the internal conflict against far-left terrorist group Shining Path as well as in the Cenepa War with neighboring Ecuador.
In October 2000, Humala attempted an unsuccessful coup d'etatagainst President Alberto Fujimori during the dying days of his regime; eventually, Congress granted him amnesty and Humala was allowed to return to military duty.
, born Masahiko Kato (加藤雅彦 Katō Masahiko, January 2, 1940—August 4, 2018) was a Japanese actor and director.
Tsugawa was born in Kyoto, Japan.
He was known for his roles in Otoko wa Tsurai yo, , and Tampopo.
He was born in Olbia, Italy.
As a player, he started his career with hometown side Olbia Calcio.
He went on to spend a decade playing as a sweeper for Mantova and three seasons at Reggiana.
Kisumu is connected to the cities of Nakuru, Nairobi and Mombasa via the A104 highway and to the north city of Eldoret via the B1 highway.
Starting in 1941, all entering students had to be high school graduates.
The seminary then stopped teaching high school classes.
Later, they required two years of college for entering students.
He was a founder of the conservative PFL party, former ARENA.
Entebbe is a town in central Uganda.
It is the second largest city in the country after Kampala.
Entebbe is found on the shores of Lake Victoria.
Entebbe International Airport, which is the main and busiest airport of Uganda, is located in the town.
Mikhail Afanasyevich Shakhov (; 20 November 1931 – 8 August 2018) was a Soviet bantamweight freestyle wrestler.
He competed at the 1956 and the 1960 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1956.
Shakhov was born in Saratov Oblast, Russia.
Hatfield is a fairly large town and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England.
It is in the borough of Welwyn Hatfield.
It had a population of 39,201 at the 2011 Census.
Hatfield is of Saxon origin.
Hatfield House, home of the Marquess of Salisbury, is the most important country house.
Aircraft were built from the 1930s when de Havilland opened a factory until the 1990s when British Aerospace closed it.
Aircraft design and manufacture employed more people there than any other industry.
Hatfield was one of the post-war New Towns built around London.
It has modernist architecture from the period.
The University of Hertfordshire is based there.
The animated cat and mouse duo Tom and Jerry 1, have appeared in various video games arcade.
Deatsville is a town in Elmore County, Alabama, United States.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,679, up from 1,154 in 2010.
Sri Virupakshi Swamy Temple is in Virupakshi village about 4 km from Mulbagal.
This temple was built in the 13th century by Vijayanagara rulers and resembles the Virupaksheshwara Temple in Hampi.
One family has been doing the pooja here since the temple was constructed, and dates back about eight generations.
The mythology tells that the Virupaskha ling was installed by great sage Atri Maharshi, father of Shriguru Dattatreya.
Stanford-le-Hope is a town on the A13 road, in Essex, England.
Bill Potts (Played by Pearl Mackie) is a fictional character on the British television franchise ‘Doctor Who’.
On April 20, 1994, Roger Penske and Kaiser announced the construction of a racetrack on the site of the abandoned Kaiser Steel mill in Fontana, California, A day after the announcement, CART announced it would hold an annual race at the speedway, Three months later, NASCAR president Bill France Jr.
agreed to sanction a Winston Cup Series race at the track that yet to be built.
Community meetings were held to discuss issues related to the construction of the track and the local effects of events held, The local community largely supported construction of the speedway citing potentially increased land values and rejuvenation of the community, In April 1995, after touring the sister track, Michigan International Speedway, the San Bernardino County Board of Superiors unanimously approved the project.
The California Environmental Protection Agency gave Penske permission to begin construction after Kaiser agreed to pay $6 million to remove hazardous waste from the site, Construction of the site began on November 22, 1995 with the demolition of the Kaiser Steel Mill.
The 100-foot water tower, a landmark of the Kaiser property, was used as a scoreboard.
of contaminated dirt was removed and transported to a toxic waste landfill, To prevent remaining impurities from rising to the surface, a cap of non-porus polyethylene was put down and covered with of clean soil.
Construction of the track was completed in late 1996.
His son, Harry Connick Jr., is a jazz singer, pianist, actor, and humanitarian.
Paula Hawkins (born 26 August 1972 in Salisbury, Rhodesia) is a British author.
She is known for her best selling novels The Girl on the Train and Into the Water.
The winner was Serbia, appearing as an independent country for the first time.
Omar Kabbaj is an advisor to King Mohammed VI of Morocco, since 22 June 2006.
He has been the chairman of the African Development Bank from 26 August 1995 to 1 September 2005.
He was a member of the International Monetary Fund (1980–1993) board and member of the Board of Directors of the World Bank (1979–1980), and Minister Delegate to the Prime Minister of Morocco, and was in charge of Economic affairs, from 1993 to 1995.
Shirley Schlanger Abrahamson (December 17, 1933 – December 19, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer.
She was a member and former Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court.
She was appointed to the court in 1976 by Governor Patrick Lucey.
She became first woman on Wisconsin's high court.
She was the only woman on the court from 1976 until 1993.
Abrahamson was re-elected to the Supreme Court in 1979, 1989, 1999, and 2009.
She became Chief Justice on August 1, 1996 and served until April 29, 2015.
On May 30, 2018, Abrahamson announced she would not seek re-election to the Wisconsin Supreme Court in 2019.
Julia Glum wrote about Vinicius and Tom in an article in the International Business Times.
She said that the mascot for the Olympic Games is almost always strange-looking, and Rio de Janeiro is no exception.
...
though they're by far not the craziest Olympic animals to ever exist ...
In an article published by Mic, Brianna Provenzano called the mascots lovable.
She described their appearance as sweet and simple, and she highlighted their symbolisms for the animals and plants of Brazil.
On the other hand, Charlotte Wilder wrote an article in USA Todays sports column For The Win.
She said that she was unimpressed by Vinicius's design: Whoever was in charge of coming up with this creature of the huge hands and feet did exactly what it looks like, which is mash up a bunch of animals, video game characters, and cartoons, stuff it with some synthetic filling, and call it day.
Robert John Young, Professor of Wildlife Conservation at the University of Salford, thought that Rio 2016 should have given more attention to environmental protection by using actual animal species instead of inventing their own animal.
Young also thought that the organizers should have included a female name in the public vote.
Many flags of Floridian cities feature their city seal on a saltire, incorporating elements from the Floridian flag, itself based on the former Spanish flag, into their designs.
1996 Ito, Junko, Yoshihisa Kitagawa, and Armin Mester.
Prosodic faithfulness and correspondence.
Journal of East Asian Linguistics 5.
217-294.
A student council is an organization made by students.
Aspiration is a feature in languages where saying a consonant gives out a puff of air.
For example, if you dangle a piece of paper in front of your mouth, you will see it move if you say an aspirated, or breathy, consonant.
If the paper does not move, then it is unaspirated, or not breathy.
In English, voiceless stops and fricatives that happen at the beginning of a word are aspirated, which are the sounds 'p', 't', 'k', and 'ch' (which are written as /p/, /t/, /k/, /t͡ʃ/ in IPA in the same order).
In IPA, aspirated sounds can be written with an ʰ symbol afterwards, as in /pʰ/, /tʰ/, /kʰ/, and /t͡ʃʰ/.
For example, the first sound in the words pick, tick, kick, and chick are all aspirated.
In IPA, they are written as /pʰɪk/, /tʰɪk/, /kʰɪk/, and /t͡ʃʰɪk/ in the same order.
However, voiceless stops and fricatives that appear after the first sound are unaspirated.
For example, while the /p/ in pit is aspirated, the /p/ in spit and the /p/ in tip are not, so they would not be marked with an ʰ symbol afterwards.
Below are more examples of aspiration.
The journal is indexed in Medline, BIOSIS Previews, Chemical Abstracts Service, Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus.
Mandela-Dlamini studied at Waterford Kamhlaba United World College of Southern Africa and science at Boston University.
At Boston she met Prince Thumbumuzi Dlamini, elder brother of the King of Swaziland, Mswati III and of Queen Mantfombi of the Zulus).
They married in 1973 and had four children – Zaziwe (born 1977), Zamaswazi (1979), Zinhle (1980) and Zozuko (1992) – but are currently separated.
They are co-owners of Mandela, Dlamini and Associates (International Business Consultants).
The IUCN Red list of Ecosystems (RLE) is a global framework to monitor and document the status of ecosystems.
Its main aim is to support the conservation and the use of resources.
It is hoped to evaluate all ecosystems by 2025.
Florence (O'odham: S-auppag) is a town, southeast of Phoenix, in Pinal County of Arizona, United States.
Florence is the county seat of Pinal County.
It is one of the oldest towns in that county and is regarded as a National Historic District.
Tumhari Paakhi is an Indian television Soap opera created by Sumeet Hukamchand Mittal.
It is produced by the Shashi Sumeet Productions.
And writed by Saratchand Chattopadhyay.
It is broadcast on Life OK wich will be premiered on 11 November 2013 to 21 November 2014.
The show stars Shraddha Arya and Mohammed Iqbal Khan in lead roles.
Eugene Thomas Long (March 16, 1935 – March 13, 2020) was born in Richmond, Virginia.
He was the author of Jaspers and Bultmann: A Dialogue Between Philosophy and Theology (1968), Existence, Being and God: An Introduction to the Philosophical Theology of John Macquarrie (1985) and Twentieth Century Western Philosophy of Religion:1900-2000 (2000).
In 1945, Onsager was naturalized as an American citizen.
He  was awarded the title of J.
Willard Gibbs Professor of Theoretical Chemistry.
Willard Gibbs worked on using mathematics to solve problems in physics and chemistry.
Onsager continuing in the same areas Gibbs had pioneered.
Lucas County is a county in the U.S.
state of Iowa.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,634.
The county seat is Chariton.
Grigory Efimovich Volovik (; born 7 September 1946 in Moscow) is a Russian theoretical physicist.
He is known for his work on solid-state physics and astroparticle physics.
His series work in 1970s-2000s about semi metal and topologically protected spinor/femionic excitations in topological defects and boundary are paid enormous amount attentions in recent decade years because the discoveries about the topological solid state materials and potentially technical application on quantum computation.
He also contributes a lot on emergent quantum field theory and gravity theory, one idea is phenomenological Q theory of cosmological constant problem.
Article 4 proposes that all educational establishments (schools, universities, etc).
are able to use copyrighted content for illustrative purposes only.
Once this article has been approved, this article will clarify that educational establishments can make non-commercial use of copyrighted works for illustrative purposes.
Secretin was the first hormone to be identified.
Effingham County is a county in the U.S.
state of Illinois.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 34,668.
Its county seat and largest city is Effingham.
Harry Allen (1882-27 December 1922) was a transgender man who was written about in newspaper headlines between 1900 and 1922.
He was born Nell Pickerell, but was known as Harry Livingstone from 1900 until 1911, and as Harry Allen from 1911 until his death in 1922.
He had several female lovers; one committed suicide, and another attempted suicide.
The woman who had committed suicide was treated as two different suicide victims in the media, as she had used different names for herself in the past.
May 30 1900: bar fighting.
September 12 1901: being a vagrant , fighting the officer arresting him and causing both of them to land in a puddle of mud.
October 12 1901: Stealing $42.
$42 dollars would be about $1,245.90 in modern money.
December 25 1901: Suicide of his lover, Dolly Quappe.
January 09 1902: Being a disorderly person.
August 05 1902: Smashing a showcase.
August 15 1902: Leading a fight with a police officer.
November 4 1903: Suicide of his lover, Pearl Waldron.
July 26 1905: Loitering in saloons.
January 20 1906: Wearing trousers.
February 19 1906: Returning to Seattle.
February 21 1906: Refusing to give information on a robbery.
March 26 1907: Wearing men's clothes.
January 21 1908: Wearing men's clothes.
February 08 1908: Wearing men's clothes, his mother referring to him as 'Harry'.
February 23 1908: Flirting with women.
March 18 1908: Wearing men's clothes.
Interviewed in prison, says he looks a fright in women's clothing.
March 10 1909: Ordered out of town three hours after arriving.
September 19 1911: Selling liquor.
November 24 1911: Earlier charge of selling liquor is dropped because the man he sold liquor to, Alexander Paul, was too drunk to give evidence.
August 19 1915: Earlier charge of trying to rob a grocery store is dropped because there wasn't enough evidence to charge him.
September 27, 1916: Stabbed by his father, Robert Pickerell.
Robert said that Harry had struck him in the mouth while Robert was sleeping, and Robert then fought back in self-defence with a knife he kept under his pillow.
Harry survived the encounter.
WrestleMania is the premier annual event of the largest professional wrestling promotion in the United States, WWE.
Formed as a counter to Jim Crockett Promotions' successful Starrcade event, WrestleMania I was broadcast to one million nationwide via closed-circuit television and pay-per-view.
WrestleMania's widespread success helped transform the sport of professional wrestling and made WWE the most successful wrestling promotion in the world, prompting WWE to promote the event as the Super Bowl of sports entertainment.
Her first title role show with Jake Vargas was Alice Bungisngis and her Wonder Walis.
It was originally a weekly paper but is now printed daily.
It’s called 'the Sunday Times when it makes the news on a Sunday.
Pleasant Plains is a small incorporated town in southern Independence County, Arkansas, United States.
The population was 352 at the 2020 census.
In 2001, they both starred in the movie How High.
In 2004, the duo also starred in their short-lived Fox sitcom, Method & Red.
Tompkins County is a county in the U.S.
state of New York.
As of the 2020 census, 105,740 people lived there.
The county seat is Ithaca.
The name is in honor of Daniel D.
Tompkins, who served as Governor of New York and Vice President of the United States.
He owns a company, and since 2020 that company does not own shares in any investment funds; The company has its funds in [one or more] bank[s]; Støre said in 2021 that the type of investments that he has - were a topic of election campaigns before 2021.
Left:reconstruction of the outside panels; center:reconstruction of the inside panels; right reconstruction of the Saint Bertin Altarpiece.
College has support services like computer lab, latest books Library, Sports, Games, Bank, Wi-Fi Connectivity, Seminar halls, Well-equipped Laboratories, Workshops, well-stocked Libraries, etc.
Kings XI Punjab is one of the cricket team of Indian Premier League.
The home ground of this team is PCA Stadium of Mohali, Punjab.
They were captained by Kumar Sangakkara.
Kings XI Punjab finished fifth in this IPL season.
Kings XI Punjab did not qualify for the Champions League T20 in this year.
These are two red supergiant stars in the star cluster.
They are 770 and 510 times larger than the Sun respectively.
These are also red supergiant stars.
They both are 780 and 770 times larger than the Sun respectively.
Scholastic Entertainment, Nelvana, Bardel Entertainment and PBS Kids made The Magic School Bus books into an animated television series.
It began on September 10, 1994.
Many parents and teachers wanted Scholastic Entertainment, Nelvana, Bardel Entertainment and PBS Kids to help girls and minorities learn more about science.
Scholastic Entertainment, Nelvana, Bardel Entertainment and PBS Kids president Deborah Forte, Patrick Loubert, Delna Bhesenia and Pamela Aguilar said that making the books into an animated series helped kids learn about science in a fun way.
In late March 2012, Chan competed at the 2012 World Championships in Nice, France, and won his second straight World title.
He placed first in both segments and finished with a total of 266.11 points, 6.45 ahead of silver medalist Daisuke Takahashi.
Some in the crowd booed the outcome.
Diptych can refer to two paintings that are joined together.
A prequel, Hello Neighbor: Hide and Seek, was announced in August 2018 with a planned release in December 2018.
Hide and Seek is about the events of the Neighbor's family that caused the Neighbor to become a very private person.
Edirne (formerly Adrianople) is a city in the northwestern Turkish province of Edirne in the region of East Thrace, close to Turkey's borders with Greece and Bulgaria.
In Greek, it is sometimes called Adrianoúpolis, in Bulgarian its name is Odrin.
In 2019, about 185,408 People lived there, mostly Thracians - Turkish people, Pomak, Gajal, Crimean Tatars and Romanlar.
Each year, the Romanlar hold the Kakava Festival, where they wait of Baba Fingo.
Edirne is on the Istanbul–Pythio railway, which links Istanbul to Sofia.
With the Lausanne treaty of 1921, the border was just outside Edirne, and until part of the track was rebuilt in the 1960s, the trains from Edirne to Istanbul passed over Greek territory.
It was written and directed by AR Murugadoss, featuring Suriya and Shruti Haasan in the lead roles and Johnny Tri Nguyen as the main antagonist.
The movie, produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin began production in May 2010 and was released on 25 October 2011 in Chennai and a day later, on Diwali, worldwide.
The visual effects were done by US based Legacy effects, making this their second Indian film after Enthiran.
Dinajpur Zilla School is a public high school in Dinajpur District, Bangladesh.
Established in 1854, this school is consistently doing well in different public examinations and considered one of the best schools of the region.
In the 18th century, Russians came to Alaska.
The Russians taught the Aleut about their religion, the Russian Orthodox version of Christianity.
They also traded furs with them.
The Aleut lived in special houses called barabara.
It was partly underground to protect them from the elements.
Chagatai Khan was the second son of Genghis Khan.
He was the Khan Chagatai Khanate from 1226 to 1242.
Si3 film collected in domestic box office on its opening day and in 5 days of release.
The film collected worldwide in 6 days.
This article lists political parties in Antigua and Barbuda.
Diabase (also known as dolerite or microgabbro) is an igneous rock that is often blue in colour.
It is rich in magnesium and iron.
He was born on 9 January 1834 at Courtfield, Ross, Herefordshire, England, second son of the fourteen children.
Five of his brothers also became priests.
Herbert, the eldest, became a cardinal and archbishop of Westminster, and John, the youngest, auxiliary bishop of Salford.
Another brother, Reginald, married Julia Shanahan, sister-in-law of Sir Patrick Jennings.
Four of his five sisters became nuns.
A possible way of writing this algorithm in Java is shown below.
Reham Khan is a British Pakistani journalist, author, and filmmaker.
The protected area is part of the Terai-Duar savanna and grasslands ecoregion.
It is one of the best-conserved examples of floodplain grassland.
It is included in the Terai Arc Landscape.
The name Suklaphanta comes from one of the grasslands found inside the protected area.
Around 700 species of plants are there in the park.
They include 553 vascular plants, 18 pteridophytes, 410 dicots and 125 monocots.
The gathering of swamp deer in the park's grasslands is the largest in the world.
The population of hispid hare may be of international significance.
As of 2013, there were 2170 swamp deer in the reserve.
After the September 11 attacks in the US and the passage of the Patriot Act by the US Congress, the United States Department of Homeland Security's Out-Bound Exam Team started searching balikbayan boxes.
Noreen's husband appealed to the high court.
Salman Taseer, the Governor of Punjab, supported Noreen throughout and requested President Asif Ali Zardari to pardon her.
Several appeals were made during this period and the High Court upheld the decision.
In October 2014, Lahore High Court rejected her appeal.
Olga Harmony (April 23, 1928 – November 11, 2018) was a Mexican playwright and a drama teacher.
The theme is doppelganger.
The narrator is a dying man of a noble descent who choses not to embody a record of his later years of unspeakable misery, and unpardonable crime-he calls himself William Wilson because, although denouncing his profligate past, he does not accept full blame for his actions, saying that man was never thus ...
tempted before.
and tells the story of how he Fell from grace:Years before while attending a school in england Another boy at his school looks and acts like himself, and was even born on the same day, January 19th (Poe's actual birth day) 1813.
Angered at being given good advice William steals into the boy bedroom but is shocked to find his double now resembles himself; he runs away from the school in horror.The first Wilson goes to the bad in life, but is haunted by his good double.
After being subject to admonished at Eaton [while preparing to give a profane oath at a drinking party] and his honor destroyed at Oxford [where he is exposed at trying to cheat at cards], William is haunted by his double in subsequent years, who thwarts plans described by William as driven by ambition [in Rome], revenge [in Paris], passionate Love [in Naples], and avarice [In Egypt] and even follows him to other cities [Vienna, Berlin, Moscow].
One thing William cannot understand is that while no one knows anything about his double, his double always seems to know everything about William.
At Carnival time in Rome William prepares to seduce the not unwilling young wife of a elderly nobleman.
When his double appears the enraged William drags his double into a anterooom and challenges him to a sword duel where he kills the double.
Distracted for a second he finds instead his double a mirror Reflected at him, he sees mine own image, but with features all pale and dabbled in blood: apparently the dead double, but he spoke no longer in a whisper.
The narrator feels as if he is pronouncing the words: You have conquered, and I yield.
Yet, henceforward art thou also dead—dead to the World, to Heaven, and to hope!In me didst thou exist—and, in my death, see by this image, which is thine own, how utterly thou hast murdered thyself.
The memorial (place to remember something) consists of three major parts: a museum that shows historical records and other things from the massacre, an outdoor area, and a covered area that holds the bones of many of the people who died in the massacre.
The building has about 3,000 square meters or 32,000 square feet of floor space.
The rest of the museum covers another 25,000 square meters or 6 acres of land around the building.
The memorial uses architecture, sculptures, and videos to show what happened during the Nanjing Massacre.
When the double layer capacitance idea is used to create a device, they are sometimes called ultracapacitors because they store energy by separating the charges (like a capacitor but capable of storing more energy), instead of using a chemical reaction to store electricity.
This means that the devices can work correctly for a much longer period of time and charging a device like this takes less time than charging a traditional battery.
However, the solution will dry up over time, causing the device to eventually fail.
Currently there are several devices that use this technology, including: wireless modems, GPS devices, CMOS computer chips, solar battery operated chips, windmills, electric cars, and power tools.
A fluorescence microscope is an optical microscope that uses fluorescence and phosphorescence to study organic or inorganic substances.
Fluorescence microscope means any microscope that uses fluorescence to make a picture.
This applies whether it is a more simple set up or a more complicated design.
The white currant, or whitecurrant is a cultivar of the red currant.
They are flowering plants in the family Grossulaceae native to Europe.
Usually, they grow as a shrub and can reach a height of about tall.
The plants have palmate leaves, and masses of spherical, edible fruit (berries) in summer.
The white currant differs from the red currant only in the colour and flavour of these fruits, which are a translucent white and sweeter.
White currant berries are slightly smaller and sweeter than red currants.
When made into jams and jellies the result is normally pink.
The white currant is actually an albino cultivar of the red currant but is marketed as a different fruit.
Becoming is a memoir written by former First Lady Michelle Obama.
The book was written by a ghostwriter and a team of people who helped finish the book.
It was published in November 2018.
Gerard Unger (22 January 1942 – 23 November 2018) was a Dutch graphic and type designer.
Arun Manilal Gandhi (April 14, 1934 – May 2, 2023) was an Indian-American socio-political activist.
He was born in South Africa.
He is the fifth grandson of Mohandas Gandhi.
Gandhi considers himself to be a Hindu but expresses universalist views.
Gandhi has worked closely with Christian priests and his philosophies are strongly influenced by Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim and Christian ideas.
In 2003 Gandhi was one of the signatories to Humanism and Its Aspirations (Humanist Manifesto III).
The Settlers of Catan became one of the first German-style board games to become popular outside Europe.
, more than 22 million copies in 30 languages had been sold.
The players in the game represent settlers creating colonies on the island of Catan.
Players build settlements, cities, and roads to connect them as they settle the island.
The game board, which represents the island, is made out of tiles with six sides.
(hexes) of different land types, which are laid out randomly at the beginning of each game.
Newer editions of the game began to have a fixed layout in their manual, which has been proven by computer simulations to be fair.
They recommend this to be used by beginners.
In 2016, editions of the game were released with a conventional fixed layout board in this configuration.
The hexes of these editions cannot be rearranged.
Not long after the show ended, The CW cast her as one of the main characters in their new sci-fi, The 100, to portray the character Octavia Blake.
The common bronzewing (Phaps chalcoptera) is a species of pigeon.
They are found in Australia.
They eat vegetable matter.
They are common in Australia.
They are found in a variety of habitats, though they are nearly always near water.
The laughing kookaburra (Dacelo novaeguineae) is a type of kingfisher.
They were previously called the laughing jackass and the giant kingfisher.
Anwar Hossain (6 October 1948 – 1 December 2018) was a Bangladeshi photographer and cinematographer.
The face is black with a white spot between the bill and eye and a white line behind the eye, extending back to the side of the neck.
The undertail-coverts are dark brown with pale bars.
Its wing length is 15–16 cm.
Its eggs are 5 cm long and 3.5 cm wide.
It lives in the evergreen broad-leaved forest which is 500m above sea level.
We cannot export it in Japan.
Cecil County is a county in the U.S.
state of Maryland.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 103,725.
The county seat is Elkton.
Kaal Bhairav Rahasya (season 2) is an Indian television soap opera thriller series.
The series will be produced by Ravi Garahni and directed by Dharmesh Shah.
It premiered in 2018, broadcast on Star Bharat.
Ekta Kapoor (born 7 June 1975) is an Indian Film/TV Producer and Director.
Ekta Kapoor is the daughter of actors Jeetendra and Shobha Kapoor.
Her younger brother Tusshar Kapoor is also a Bollywood actor.
She went to school at Bombay Scottish School, Mahim and attended college at Mithibai College.
The Bogosort first takes in a set of values from a user.
Next it randomly arranges these values.
Catalan solids are a concept from geometry: For each Archimedean solid there is a Catalan solid that is its dual polyhedron.
In total, there are thirteen Catalan solids (as there are thirteen Archimedean solids).
They are named after the Belgian mathematician Eugène Charles Catalan of the 19th centurty.
The Ellen Show made 18 episodes, but was canceled part-way through its season.
The final 5 episodes were never broadcast, but are available on DVD.
The battle of Saumur, is considered as the first act of resistance of World War II in France.
In Montsoreau, Saumur and Gennes, in June 1940, teenage students of the school of cavalry, still under training and with derisory weapons (including an artillery gun from the school museum), heroically engaged an entire German panzer division for nearly three days.
And in doing so became a legend in France.
– For Honour Alone, Roy Macnab, January 1989.
The chateau has been built on the top of the mount Soreau.
This rocky promontory gave its name to the village.
On the top of that mount was built a roman temple, a fortress of the counts of Anjou, and a chateau in the Renaissance architectural style.
The first fortified castle was built by Odo the First count of Blois in 990.
In 1001, it was taken by the count of Anjou, Fulk Nerra (Fulk the Black), one of the greatest builders of the middle age, who gave it to Gautier I of Montsoreau.
Gautier I belonged to one of the most pre-eminent families of Anjou.
Thus, the Castrum Monsorelli became one of the forty fortified castles in Anjou and one of the few to be given the title of lordship at the turn of year 1000.
A town developed quickly near the castle.
Fulk and Gautier modified the castle, and this one remained impregnable during more than 150 years.
In 1152 and 1156 Henry II King of England, besieged and took twice, the castle of Montsoreau.
In François Rabelais' Pantagruel, Gargantua rewards Ithybole with Montsoreau, after his victory over Picrochole, the king who attacks the kingdom of Grandgousier.
In 1832, Joseph Mallord William Turner made an aquarelle depicting the chateau of Montsoreau with the setting of the confluence of the Vienne and the Loire and the collegiate church of Candes-Saint-Martin.
The Château de Montsoreau was immortalised by Alexandre Dumas in La Dame de Monsoreau, a novel written between 1845 and 1846.
This novel takes as a backdrop the Château de Montsoreau and is part of Alexandre Dumas' trilogy on European wars of religion, between La Reine Margot and Les Quarante-cinqs.
Opole Voivodeship is divided into 12 counties (powiats): 1 city county and 11 land counties.
These are further divided into 71 gminas.
Superintendent of Finance in 1784.
The town is in a semi-arid area, normally receiving an annual average rainfall of only , although in 1977 was measured.
A life form, or lifeform, is an organism that is living.
Estimates of the number of species of life forms on Earth range from 14 million, to as many as 1 trillion species.
More than 99% of all species of life forms that have ever lived on Earth are thought to be extinct.
Life forms may be found everywhere on Earth.
This includes underground, possibly at least 12 miles deep underground, and the deepest parts of the oceans.
Life can be found at least 47 miles high in the atmosphere and, under test conditions, it survives the vacuum of outer space.
'Sky Living' is a British Pay Television Channel That Began Broadcasting 1 September 1993 as 'UK Living'.
Pior to the channel, In 1997, When The BBC And Flextech launched The UKTV Network: UK Arena, UK Style, and UK Gold, It Was Decided That UK Living would remain a seperate channel, which it did in november 1997.
On 1 February 2011, The Channel was renamed as Sky Living, Which Includes Shows such as Border Security UK.
The Channel Did not move to Channel 107 For Sky+HD Customers So the channel was still placed on channel 112.
Some of the Basnet clans are Shreepali Basnet, Khapatari Basnet, Khulal Basnet, Lamichhane Basnet and others.
The B2145 is the only road in and out of the town crossing a bridge over the water inlet at Pagham Harbour at a point known as the ferry.
At one time Selsey was inaccessible at flood tide, and a boat was stationed at the ferry to take horses and passengers to and from Sidlesham.
The park includes Mickey Avenue, the Gardens of Imagination, Fantasyland, Treasure Cove, Adventure Isle, Tomorrowland, and Toy Story Land.
It is open from 8a.m.
to 10p.m.
every day.
West Nusa Tenggara ( – NTB) is a province of Indonesia.
It is the west part of the Lesser Sunda Islands except Bali.
Bali is its own province.
Mataram, on Lombok, is the capital and largest city of the province.
In the 2010 census the population was 4,496,855.
The area of the province is 19,708.79 km.
Bad Cat is a 2016 Turkish computer-animated comedy-action movie.
It was produced by Anima Istanbul Studios and distributed by Odin's Eye Entertainment.
It was Turkey's first adult full-length animated movie.
It was shown at the 2016 Annecy International Animated Film Festival in the category Feature Films out of competition.
Joy to the World; the Lord is come!
Let earth receive her King!
Joy to the earth, the Savior reigns!
Adeel Alam (born March 28, 1986), better known by his ring name Mustafa Ali, is an American professional wrestler.
He is best known for his time working with the WWE, where he was from 2016 to 2023.
Right now he is working on the independent circuit aand he also appears for TNA Wrestling and New Japan Pro-Wrestling.
Ali is the first WWE wrestler of Pakistani descent.
Alam has wrestled in many wrestling promotion.
During his first six years he wrestled while wearing a mask.
He wrestled during the day and work night shifts as a police officer.
Spencer applied for auditions at the BBC's Midland region during the late summer of 1939, passing both her auditions for drama and review.
World War II was declared shortly after and Midland region entertainment programmes closed.
Her first paid work was performing monologues at Freemasons' dinners in 1938.
Her earlier monologues were published in a book by Samuel French, which was used to train students at RADA.
She was unaware of the books existence until much later in her career.
Her war work included working at Nottingham City Treasurers Office.
She also worked as a part-time elocution teacher.
He usually streams the game Fortnite and his competitive duo partner is Reverse2k, another pro player.
Next 11F35 exemplars: Moscow, WDNH, Kaliningrad, etc..
Started to low Earth Orbit: 11-15-1988, 06:00MSK, landing orbital PL after 205Min.
The Burans was created in 1984.
It is a small station of the branch belonging to the General Roca Railway, from the Tandil to the Bahía Blanca station.
It does not provide passenger services.
Jamal Ahmad Mohammad Ali Al Badawi aka Jamal Abu Abed Al Rahman Al Badawi () (July 22, 1960 –January 1, 2019) was a Yemeni terrorist.
He was convicted of helping plan the 2000 USS Cole bombing, which killed 17 American sailors on October 12, 2000, off the port coast of Aden, Yemen.
Jean Tiberi (born 30 January 1935) is a French politician.
He was Mayor of Paris from 22 May 1995 to 24 March 2001.
He was mayor of the 5th arrondissement of Paris and deputy to the French National Assembly from the second district of Paris.
José Ramón Fernández Álvarez (November 4, 1923 – January 6, 2019) was a Cuban Communist leader.
He was a Vice-President of the Council of Ministers from 1976 until his death in 2019.
In March 2016, McLaurin received the President's Volunteer Service Award for her work of daily service to schoolchildren in the nation's capital.
Article 233 of the Constitution of Venezuela says that there are situations when the president of the National Assembly can take the job of president of Venezuela, if there is no other president.
Lots of people thought that Maduro had not been elected in a way that paid attention to other rules in the Constitution, and so Guaidó could become the president.
Guaidó agreed on 10 January 2019 and said that he would try to become president.
The National Assembly asked for people to protest on 23 January.
This is an important day in Venezuela, because it is on this day that they got rid of an old president who was a dictator.
Lots of people all over the world protested on the day.
Guaidó said that he was president.
Maduro was not happy about this, blaming it on the United States (U.S)..
Maduro said he would not deal with the U.S.
The U.S., Canada, and several Latin American countries gave their support to Guaidó to be interim president on the same day; Russia, China, Iran, Syria, Cuba and Turkey supported Maduro.
On 29 January, the TSJ began investigating Guaidó, stopping him from having his money or leaving the country.
He suggested that if Maduro gives up power, he may receive amnesty.
In his first weekend as interim president, he held another public assembly, asking supporters to spread the word of the Amnesty Law throughout the country to military, police and other people it may affect.
KLM Cityhopper is the regional airline subsidiary of KLM that was founded in April 1991.
It is headquartered in Haarlemmermeer, Netherlands.
It is a SkyTeam airline.
It operated Fokker 50, Fokker 70, Fokker 100, Fokker F28 Fellowship and Saab-340 in the past.
It currently operates Embraer 175 and Embraer 190 aircraft.
In 1994 he left for English Premier League club Leeds United; the deal that his agent Marcelo Houseman did with Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson also involved Lucas Radebe moving to Leeds from Kaizer Chiefs.
He played in the English Premier League for two years, playing 31 games and scoring five goals, and also scored a hat-trick in an FA Cup tie against Walsall on 17 January 1995.
In an African Cup of Nations qualifier versus Zambia in 1992, Masinga became the first South African ever to be sent off in an international match.
He was in the Bafana Bafana side when South Africa won the African Cup of Nations in 1996 and when they finished second to Egypt in the 1998 African Cup of Nations.
Chippa, as he was affectionately known, scored the decisive goal in the 1997 game against the Republic of the Congo that took South Africa to the 1998 World Cup in France.
He played 58 games for his country, scoring 18 goals.
Unbiunium is a hypothetical (theoretical or imagined) element of the periodic table.
It is also known as eka-actinium.
The Suriname cherry (Eugenia uniflora), also known as the pitanga, Brazilian cherry, Cayenne cherry, or Cerisier Carré is a plant which mostly grows on the eastern coast of South America.
It is in the family Myraceae (the myrtles).
The plant may look like a cherry, but is not related to true cherries.
The Suriname cherry can be found from Suriname, French Guiana to southern Brazil, as well as parts of Paraguay, Argentina and Uruguay.
It is known as pitanga throughout Brazil and Uruguay, or ñangapirí in surrounding countries.
The plant is relatively easy to grow, resists pests well, and is high in antioxidants.
The tree is also grown in the West Indies, specifically in Haiti, where it is known as Cerisier Carré, as is in French Guiana.
The Suriname cherry is often used in gardens as a hedge or screen.
The tree was introduced to Bermuda for ornamental purposes but is now out of control and listed as an invasive species.
Orange Line () is an automated rapid transit in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Naagin 3 is an Indian television series.
It is produced by Balaji Telefilms.
The Series is the third season of Naagin after Naagin and Naagin 2 which aired on Colors TV.
The series aired from 2 June 2018.
He also founded the popular Osmania University in 1918 through a royal (Order) firman .
Neri entered the modeling industry as a professional in Milan in 1995.
He has participated in events with the following designers Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Iceberg and Levi Strauss & Co, in Milan, Sydney, Auckland, Tokyo, Miami, New York.
In New Zealand he was given a place in TV commercial for Levi's.
Magistrate: Do you know this woman?
Abigail Williams saith it is goody Martin, she hath hurt me often.
Others by fits were hindered from speaking.
Marcy Lewis pointed at her and fell into a little fit.
...
Susanna laughed ...
Magistrate: What!Do you laugh at it?
Martin: Well I may at such folly.
Mag: Is this folly?The hurt of persons?
Martin: I never hurt man or woman or child.
Julio Vallejo-Ruiloba (7 May 1945 – 14 January 2019) was a Spanish psychiatrist.
The name in Chinese means fish fragrance.
However, it contains no seafood and is typically not added to seafood.
There is a legend after the meaning of the name.
The sauce was used regularly by a mother to cook freshwater fish for her family.
However, there was once the family have no fish.
The mother then took the leftover sauce to flavour meats and everyone liked the dish.
This is the reason it got its name YuXiang or fish flavored.
Cooking Yuxiang normally involves the use of sugar, vinegar, doubanjiang, soy sauce, and pickled chili peppers.
Japanese squirrels' enemies are such as snakes, owls, eagles and fox.
Sanford Morris Rosenthal (May 5, 1897 – May 1, 1989) was born in Albany, Georgia.
He received a medical degree at Vanderbilt University in 1920, and completed a residency and internship at Boston City Hospital (1921-1922).
However, his interests shifted to medical research when he became a Fellow of the National Research Council in a pharmacology lab at Johns Hopkins University (1922-1925).
He worked in the Department of Pharmacology at McGill University in Montreal, Canada from 1925–1927.
Dr.
Rosenthal was Chief of the Laboratory of Pharmacology and Toxicology at the National Institute of Arthritis and Metabolic Diseases (NIAMD) for 13 years before retiring in 1961.
He attained the rank of Medical Director in the USPHS Commissioned Officer Corps.
After retiring, Dr.
Dr.
Rosenthal's first published paper provided a method for testing the health of the liver.
Dr.
Rosenthal discovered that sodium formaldehyde sulfoxylate was an antidote for mercury poisoning.
Based on his observation that sodium formaldehyde sulfoxylate also has antibacterial activity, Dr.
Rosenthal began work on another group of sulfur-containing compounds -– the sulfa drugs.
In the early 1940s, Dr.
Rosenthal worked on improving the ability of victims of severe burns to survive.
Death commonly resulted from shock due to fluid (plasma) loss from the burned skin.
He discovered that the replacement of the salts that are in the secreted plasma is the key to a successful and simplified treatment.
During the 1950s and early 1960s, Dr.
Rosenthal and colleagues undertook a long-term study to test the efficacy of drinking a saline solution (containing table salt and baking soda) to replace the lost salts (the Peru Project).
Dr.
Rosenthal and his collaborators were pioneers in the area of histamine biochemistry and physiology.
Dr.
Rosenthal was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1979.
In 1962, he received the Public Health Service Meritorious Service Medal from the U.S.
Department of Health, Education, and Welfare.
In 1973, he received the Harvey Stuart Allen Distinguished Service Award from the American Burn Association.
A small number of missing person cases are not solved for many years.
These cases can be painful for friends and families, because they cannot be sure what happened to the person.
In most countries, the law says that if someone has been missing for many years, the government can declare that the person is dead.
This is known as declaring death in absentia.
Aspermont is a town in the U.S.
state of Texas.
It is the county seat of Stonewall County.
Laughlin moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, in the late 1950s and purchased his first casino, the 101 Club.
By 1964, Laughlin had sold the 101 Club.
He is known for owning the Riverside Resort Hotel & Casino.
The term gendarme comes from the old medieval French Gens d'armes.
In English, it can be translated as men-at-arms.
In Italy, they are called carabinieri.
In first use, a troop of horsemen equipped with a carbine.
In 1957, Ely High School for Girls moved out of the centre of Ely to Downham Road.
A primary school was built around the same time.
In 1969 a charity donation meant a secondary school was built.
In 1972 these schools became the City of Ely Community College.
It was re-named Ely College in 2011.
Bishop Laney Sixth Form is on the same site as the College.
It used to be called Ely College Sixth Form.
It is a project between Ely College and Soham Village College.
The Deutsch-Kasachische Universität, abbreviated DKU, (Kazakh-German University; , ) is a co-educational non-profit university located in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
It was founded in 1999.
The school is accredited by the Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
The university has partnerships with five universities in Germany.
The university is located at Pushkin Street 111/113, Almaty 050010.
The university's telephone number is +7 (727) 293 8913 - 29.
Born in Gelsenkirchen, Gündoğan came through VfL Bochum's (German Club) youth academy.
In 2008, he began playing for the club's reserve side before joining the first team, FC Nürnberg (German Club) the following season.
He was then acquired by Borussia Dortmund (German Club) in 2011, winning the double of Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal (German knockout football cup) in his first season.
In 2013, he helped Borussia reach their first UEFA Champions League Final since 1996–97.
After playing a total of 157 matches and scoring 15 goals for the club, Gündoğan signed for Manchester City for an estimated transfer fee of £21 million in the summer of 2016.
He won the Premier League and English Football League Cup in 2017–18.
Several notable Civil Rights events occurred in Rocky Mount.
In 1946, African-American tobacco warehouse workers voted to organize in Rocky Mount as part of a broader nationwide movement known as Operation Dixie.
It included voter registration to fight against disenfranchisement of blacks and other actions against segregation.
On November 27, 1962, Martin Luther King Jr.
gave a speech at Booker T.
Washington High School.
He used his refrain I have a dream a year before his more famous speech at the March on Washington.
The city had a sanitation workers' strike in 1978 when government sanitation workers protested their black co-worker being wrongfully arrested.
He was acquitted in court on the charges.
In 2018 the city council apologized to him for the case.
Below is a list of some of the largest employers in the metropolitan area as of 2018.
László Sólyom (, ; born 3 January 1942–8 October 2023) is a Hungarian politician, lawyer, and librarian.
He was the President of Hungary from 2005 until 2010.
Portage is a city in the U.S.
State of Michigan.
The population is 48,891 as of 2020.
Unbipentium is a hypothetical (theoretical or imagined) element of the periodic table.
It is also known as eka-neptunium.
Sony Pictures recovered after the hacking.
They made a deal with Disney to share Spider-Man movies with Marvel Studios.
They also stream movies and television programs on Netflix.
Playmobil is a toy brand which is owned by the Brandstätter Group (Geobra Brandstätter GmbH & Co KG), headquartered in Zirndorf, Bavaria, Germany.
It was founded in 1974 by German inventor Hans Beck.
Before Prohibition in 1919, Sharon was home to a large beer brewery, Union Brewing Co.
It was forced to close because of prohibition.
Yonatan Yoni Netanyahu (Hebrew: יונתן נתניהו‬; March 13, 1946, New York City, United States – July 4, 1976, Entebbe, Uganda) was the commander of Sayeret Matkal, which is a special armed force unit of the Israel Defense Forces, from 1975 to July 1976.
He was killed in service during operation Entebbe to rescue hostages held at Entebbe Airport in Uganda.
Yonatan Netanyahu has since been a hero of the Operation Entebbe.
The book was adapted into a movie in 2012, having Stephen Chbosky direct it and starring Logan Lerman as Charlie, Emma Watson as Sam and Ezra Miller as Patrick.
Although the plot of the movie shows many similarities to the novel, it has some clear and distinctive differences.
For example, in the movie, Charlie helps Sam with schoolwork to improve her grades, but this is not mentioned in the novel.
And the side-story about Charlie’s sister getting pregnant is only in the book, not in the movie.
1223 Neckar is a main-belt asteroid and a member of the Koronis Family of asteroids.
Patrick Hayward Caddell (May 19, 1950 – February 16, 2019) was an American public opinion pollster and a political commentator.
He worked in the Jimmy Carter administration and in other presidential campaigns.
He was born in Rock Hill, South Carolina.
Credits adapted from Spotify.
Pierre Pincemaille (born in Paris, 8 December, 1956; died in Suresnes, 12 January, 2018) was a French organist and pedadogue.
He is known to be a master of improvisation.
Muiz ud din Qaiqabad (1269 – 1 February 1290) was the tenth sultan of the Mamluk dynasty (Slave dynasty).
He reigned 1287 to 1 February 1290.
At Lethpora near Awantipora, around 15:15 IST, a bus carrying security guards was hit by a Mahindra Scorpio SUV carrying explosives.
It caused a blast which killed 40 CRPF personnel of the 76th Battalion.
The injured were moved to the army base hospital in Srinagar.
Unbiseptium , also called eka-americium, is the hypothetical chemical element with atomic number 127 and symbol Ubs.
It comes immediately after unbihexium, element 126, which is expected to be the most stable element on an island of stability.
Gulab jamun is a popular sweet dish in Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Maldives and Sri Lanka.
The February 30 or 30 February doesn't exist in both Julian and Gregorian calendar.
The month February has only 28 days (29 days in a leap year).
February 30 was a real date in few calendars.
During the English Civil War, in 1646, Oliver Cromwell and his cavaliers attacked roundhead Bridgnorth.
By the time the castle was in ruins, the entire town was on fire.
After a three-week siege, Cromwell was successful and he ordered that the castle be demolished in 1647.
Nous ouvre la barrière.
La Liberté guide nos pas.
A sonné l'heure des combats.
Rois ivres de sang et d'orgueil.
Pour elle un Français doit mourir.
Loin de nous de lâches douleurs!
C'est aux rois à verser des pleurs.
Ils sont morts, mais ils ont vaincu.
Qui meurt pour le peuple a vécu.
Nos mains tresserons vos lauriers.
Et la paix et la liberté.
From us begone, cowardly grief!
peace and liberty.
They are omnivores.
They eat plants, leaves, flowers, fruits, seeds, insects, crustaceans etc.
Copper pheasants lay 6-12 eggs from April to June.
The lizard is 18-25cm long.
The tail occupies more than 2/3 of the total length.
Their surface looks dry.
They live in grassland and on rooves.
They needs to bask in the sun for temperature control.
They eat insects and spiders.
Adult Japanese serow stand about 81 centimetres (32 in) tall and weigh 30–45 kilograms (66–99 lb).
They are black to whitish, and colouring lightens in summer.
They live in dense woodland in Japan, primarily in northern and central Honshu and are found in dense mountain forests.They live in open grassland and forests at an elevation of about 1,000 metres (3,300 ft), and uses caves to rest in.
It is infectious disease.
For example, it is Genus Parapoxvirus.
The red giant flying squirrel is a species of flying squirrel.
This squirrel faces no particular threats apart from habitat.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists it as a least-concern species.
The tail is long 42cm and provides stability when it glides between trees.
northern India and Pakistan, Java, and Taiwan.
It eats fruits and nuts, and occasionally insects.
René died on 27 February 2019 in Mahé, Seychelles from respiratory failure, aged 83.
Alfred Freddy Krupa (Krūppa) (born 14 June 1971, Karlovac, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian contemporary painter.
Channel catfish can communicate to predators.
Pectoral stridulation has been considered to be the main means of agonistic communication towards predators in channel catfish.
Relatively noisy sounds are used to startle and scare predators in a manner analogous to the well-documented, visual flash display of various lepidopterans.
On 30 June 1971, after returing to the Earth of the capsule, the recovery team knocked on the side.
There was no .
Opening the hatch, they found all three men in their couches, no motion.
There had dark-blue patches on their faces and trails of blood from their noses and ears.
They brought them out from the capsule.
Dobrovolsky was still warm.
According to their reports, the reason of death was suffocation.
Richard Bertrand Spencer (born May 11, 1978) is an American white supremacist.
If Federal troops are not made available to protect the rights of Negroes, then the American people are faced with terrible alternatives.
Like the citizens of Nazi-occupied France, Negroes must either submit to the heels of their oppressors or they must organize underground to protect themselves from the oppression of Governor Wallace and his storm troopers.
The 8th Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba was elected by the Central Committee following the 8mth Congress.
Flemings is a group of supermarkets in Sydney.
The chain is owned by Woolworths Limited.
Jannali is the only store operating.
Most stores have re-branded as Woolworths Supermarkets since the late 1990s.
On 29 August 1935, Queen Astrid of the Belgians was killed here in a road accident.
The People's Republic of China (PRC) bans a lot of movies for many reasons.
The National Film Administration (国家电影局) decides for mainland China.
Hong Kong and Macau have different political systems so the bans below do not apply.
The village is in the valley of the river Muota, the Muotatal, with which it shares the name.
The municipality is in a series of valleys on the eastern edge of the canton, on the borders with the cantons of Uri and Glarus.
It is the 10th largest municipality by area in Switzerland.
Brenton Harrison Tarrant (born 27 October 1990), a white Australian man, was 28 years old at the time of the shootings.
He grew up in Grafton, New South Wales, where he attended Grafton High School.
After Tarrant's parents separated when he was young, his mother's subsequent boyfriend abused her and the children.
He worked as a personal trainer in his hometown from 2009 to 2011, quitting after an injury; in that time, he inherited A$457,000 from his father, who committed suicide in 2010.
In 2015, he took a trip to Ukraine and came into contact with extreme right-wing groups.
During the 90s he had, along with his group La Mueca, a comic program on TC Televisión, called El Show de Felipe, playing the character with whom he made himself known to present the program.
Nilsen died on 20 March 2019 in Bergen from lung cancer, aged 67.
Dentures (also known as false teeth) are meant to solve dental problems of humans.
They should not be worn overnight.
Famous people who wore them for years include George Washington.
The history goes back as early as 7th century BC.
Dentures can be made of different materials, such as acrylic, nylon or metal.
Depending on the teeth they replace there are different designs.
Vanessa Nicole Marano (born on October 31, 1992, Los Angeles, California) is an American actress.
She acted in many television series.
They include Gilmore Girls, Grey's Anatomy and The Young and the Restless.
BTS has seven members.
On 1 December 1943 Liebehenschel was made leader of the Auschwitz concentration camp.
He continued mass killings, and improved the camp by removing prisoner cells for standing, and stopping regular prisoners from going to gas chambers.
Some commentators such as Douglas Todd believe that this tax has achieved it's goal.
He says that prices of homes in Vancouver are moderating as a result of the tax being implemented.
Jane Smiley (born September 26, 1949) is an American novelist.
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
That was in 1992 for her book A Thousand Acres (1991).
Felix Hoffmann (21 January 1868 – 8 February 1946) was a German chemist who invented aspirin.
John Quarmby (18 June 1929 – 5 April 2019) was an English character actor.
He was best known for his roles as Mr Carnegie in the Fawlty Towers episode Basil the Rat (1979), and as Henry Tobias in K-9 and Company (1981).
He had roles in TV series such as Z-Cars, Softly, Softly, Juliet Bravo and Howards' Way.
He also appeared in the movies The Scarlet Pimpernel (1982), A Christmas Carol (1984) and Thirteen at Dinner (1985).
His quadrant of 1623 was used for tell the time, find the length of day, when the sun had risen and set, the date, and the meridian.
It used scales and curves of the quadrant and related tables.
Gunter's quadrant was fairly simple, and was widely used in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Eilish became the youngest artist to win all four of the major categories (the “Big Four – Album, Record, and Song of the Year, and Best New Artist) at the Grammy Awards in 2020.
She has won five awards from six nominations.
Merit based civil services exam system started in India since 1854.
Before 1854 Directors of East India company use to recruit or nominate civil servannts and train them at Haileybury college in London.
In early days of civil services exam pappern was focused to help Britishers for this post and exam use to be conducted only at London.
First Indian to clear civil servant exam was Satender Nath Tagore in 1864 and till 1922 only 4 other Indians could clear civil services.
The Yoke and the Bundle of Arrows or the Yoke and Arrows (el Yugo y el haz de flechas or el yugo y las flechas) is a badge from the times of the Spanish monarchy of Ferdinand II and Isabella.
It represents the unity of the Spanish monarchy and state, and it also promotes the heroic virtues of the [Spanish] race.
The Y in yugo stands for Ysabel, as in another spelling of Queen Isabella; and the F in flechas stands for the first letter in King Fernando's name.
Rammenau (Sorbian: Ramnow) is a city in the district of Bautzen, in Saxony, Germany.
Binford, Lewis R.
1962.
Archaeology as anthropology.
In Contemporary Archaeology, ed by M.
Leone, pp.
93–101.
Southern Illinois University, Carbondale.
Binford, Sally R.
& Lewis Binford.
Trigger, Bruce.
White, Leslie A.
Willey, Gordon R., and Philip Phillips.
Of the many movies distributed by Orion, four won the Academy Awards for Best Picture: Amadeus (1984), Platoon (1986), Dances with Wolves (1990) and The Silence of the Lambs (1991).
Sophora violacea is an endemic Sophora from Ceylon Island, it also appears on Java.
In mathematics, Skewes’s number (10 or S) is a theorized number in which once you surpass this number, the rarity of prime numbers decreases.
The massive number is also used with tetration , yet it is smaller than 10^^4.
An overhead projector (OHP) is a device that allows you to display images from either a computer/laptop or images created in real time.
Overhead projectors were often used in classrooms to showcase some type of presentation on paper for a group of students to view.
In more recent times, overhead projectors are being used and designed to project things on technological devices.
This machine has a plastic frame that is placed on top of the projector, and a fan that cools the machine, so that it won't overheat if it is used for long periods of time.
Before this device was made, there were machines similar to it, called magic lanterns.
Avalon is a mythical place in Arthurian legend.
It is the home of the Lady of the Lake.
King Arthur got his famous sword called Excalibur at Avalon.
Avalon is also called the Isle of Apples or the Isle of Glass.
The island is said to have healing powers according to Arthurian authors.
In May 2007, the Missouri River flooded the entire park with less than 3 feet of water.
The river receded approximately a week later.
Also in 2007, the Power Plant Restaurant's neglected smokestack had to be torn down, eradicating an icon of the city's past.
In 2009, Phelps joined the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
They use Oak Ridge's nuclear reactors to learn about different kinds of isotopes and how they work.
Mroudjaé died after a long illness on 2 May 2019 in Moroni.
He was 79.
Rachel Grace Held Evans (June 8, 1981 – May 4, 2019) was an American Christian columnist, blogger and author.
Her book, A Year of Biblical Womanhood (2012), was on The New York Times e-book non-fiction best-seller list.
She also wrote for The Washington Post and Vox.
In total, she had four books published.
Cantharis rufa is a species of soldier beetle and is coloured orange and black.
This beetle is common in large parts of Europe and is 10mm to 15mm in length.
It lives in bushes, edges of forests and meadows.
They hunt for small insects.
Taminiaux was born in Seneffe.
He studied law and philosophy at the Katholieke Universiteit, Leuven.
A Web shell is a script that can be uploaded to a web server to enable remote administration of the machine.
A web shell can be written in any language that the target web server supports.
The most commonly observed web shells are written in languages that are widely supported, such as PHP and ASP.
Perl, Ruby, Python, and Unix shell scripts are also used.
Once successfully uploaded, an adversary can use the web shell to leverage other exploitation techniques to escalate privileges and to issue commands remotely.
These commands are directly linked to the privilege and functionality available to the web server and may include the ability to add, delete, and execute files as well as the ability to run shell commands, further executables, or scripts.
Web shells such as China Chopper, WSO, C99 and B374K are frequently chosen by adversaries; however these are just a small number of known used web shells.
Hahm became a member of the girl group T-ara in 2009.
On October 1, 2016, T-ara performed at the Busan One Asia Festival.
They also held a concert on October 4 and performed eight different songs.
In March 2017, MBK Entertainment announced Soyeon and Boram were ending their contracts in a few months time.
They also stated that T-ara would make one more album as a six member group.
However, a conflict with their management lead to a delay and it did not happen.
Instead, the release was rescheduled for after Soyeon and Boram had departed.
T-ara's last performance as six-member group was in Taiwan on May 13, 2017.
Although English is not classified as an official language in the United States.
Instead, many states and regions within the U.S.
do have English as an official language.
India's linguistic picture is complex.
According to the Constitution of India, Hindi in the Devanagari script is the official language of the union; and English the 'subsidiary official language'; however, English must be used for the official texts of all federal laws and Supreme Court decisions (with Hindi).
It is one of the two languages of the Indian Parliament.
English is taught in schools.
The quality and effectiveness of the teaching is very varied.
English is used almost exclusively for higher education.
The stories in the book are set on two planets in a distant solar system, Werel and Yeowe, inhabited by humans placed there by the ancient Hainish.
(This 'Werel' is not the same as the world called Werel in Le Guin's Planet of Exile and City of Illusions).
Werel has a long history of institutional enslavement of its lighter-skinned ethnic groups by its darker-skinned ethnic groups (the latter's derogatory term for the former is dusties).
When the Ekumen recontacted the Werelians, the shock spurred one of the Werelian nations, Voe Deo, to develop a space program and settle the other inhabitable planet in the system, Yeowe, transporting a primarily slave population to do so.
Eventually the slaves on Yeowe conducted a successful revolt and gained their independence, an event that occurred in the fairly recent past of the four stories.
The nations of Werel are nervous that the assets on that planet might attempt the same thing for themselves.
There are other species of baobabs, which are native to Madagascar (six species) and mainland Africa and the Arabian Peninsula (one species).
As of 31, 2024.
Artemis 1 was a flight that landed in December 2022.
The Deadline for nominations was 21 October 2020, with political Campaigning lasting for four Weeks until Polling day on 11 November 2020.
On the Day of the Election, Polling stations across the Country opened from 7 am, and closed at 10 pm.
It was the third to be held in November since 1979.
Despite the five-year term of the National Assembly, three of the last four general elections have been called at least a year early.
Both Prime Minister, Dean Barrow and Leader of the Opposition, Johnny Briceño of the People’s United Party (PUP) are on record supporting lowering the maximum five-year term of the National Assembly of Belize to four years.
This was also one of the promises that Briceño promised the People of Belize should the PUP be elected in the next election.
The Yemeni Civil War is an ongoing war that began in 2015 between two factions: the Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi led Yemeni government and the Houthi armed movement, along with their supporters and allies.
The following MPs were officially nominated by the Conservative Party as candidates for the leadership position.
Each candidate passed the first five ballots.
The following MP was eliminated on the fifth ballot on 20 June.
They failed to obtain over 24% of the votes to advance further into the contest.
The following MP was eliminated on the fourth ballot on 20 June.
They failed to obtain over 50 votes to advance further into the contest.
The following MP was eliminated on the third ballot on 19 June.
They failed to obtain over 30 votes to advance further into the contest.
The following MP was eliminated on the second ballot on 18 June.
They failed to obtain over 30 votes to advance further into the contest.
The following MPs were eliminated on the first ballot on 13 June.
They failed to obtain 17 votes to advance further into the contest.
Mass-produced dollhouses include those related to the Barbie doll.
A fortnight is a unit of time equal to 14 days (2 weeks).
The word comes from the , meaning .
Judith Ortiz Cofer (February 24, 1952 – December 30, 2016) was a Puerto Rican author.
She is best known for her works of creative non-fiction and her works are to exposes the rifts and gaps that arise between her split cultural heritages.
Her work also explores such subjects as racism and sexism in American culture.
She was alsothen author of a children´s book.
The topics she wrote about over her career: A Love Story Beginning in Spanish, Reaching for the Mainland and Selected New Poems, Terms of Survival, and The Poet Upstairs, Animal Jamboree/La Fiesta De Los Animales: Latino Folktales / Leyendas, and A Bailar!/Let’s Dance.
Most of her topics are about children, animals, and love.
Judith Ortiz Cofer was voted into the Georgia Writers Hall ofFfame.
The first legs were played on 12 and 14 February, and the second legs were played on 20 and 21 February 2019.
The first legs were played on 7 March, and the second legs were played on 14 March 2019.
The first legs were played on 11 April, and the second legs were played on 18 April 2019.
The first legs were played on 2 May, and the second legs were played on 9 May 2019.
Dhoti is a white piece of cloth basically worn by Indian people.
Charles Henry Branscomb (June 16, 1822 January 3, 1891) was a person in the New England Emigrant Aid Society.
He and Charles L.
Robinson helped create the city of Lawrence, Kansas in 1854.
Hunt is a member of the Order of New Zealand, New Zealand's highest civilian honour.
Hunt was given the nickname the Minister for Wine and Cheese after his well-known liking of the combo.
The town is known for the bus and truck manufacturer Leyland Motors, which expanded between the 1950s and 1970s.
The truck business still operates today as Leyland Trucks, and is owned by Paccar.
Abortion is the termination of a pregnancy.
For decades, induced abortion is a subject that is controversial.
Each person has a system of moral values.
Based on their system of morals, people have different opinions about it.
Religion can also influence this opinion.
There is a hypothesis that induced abortion raises the risk of getting breast cancer.
People who support this, call it a link, rather than a hypothesis.
Researchers from the University of California, San Francisco published a study in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study analyzed data from dozens of medical reports and other studies.
The researchers concluded that fetuses are unlikely to feel pain until the third trimester of pregnancy.
However a number of medical critics have since disputed these conclusions.
There are certain connections in the thalamus of the fetuse.
These connections develop at about twenty-six weeks of pregnancy.
At the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that these connections are very important when it comes to the perception of pain in the fetus.
Other researchers such as Anand and Fisk have challenged this late date, positing that pain can be felt around twenty weeks.
She played fantastic roles in DD's popular shows & movies likes Surya Putra Shani, Jai Hanuman { Great epic about Lord Rudra Avatar Hanuman Ji, produced, story & directed by Sanjay Khan Sahab } Shaktimaan as Mayaandri/Natasha in 1997.
Mark A.
Hershkovitz is an American curator and biochemist.
C densiflora (Barnéoud)Hershk.
Carlos Reiche (aka Karl F.
Reiche) was a German Botanist.
Tabebuia is a polyphyletic assemblage today comprising 66 spp.
Matthew Ryan Phillippe (born September 10, 1974) is an American actor.
He played Billy Douglas in the soap opera One Life to Live.
He later became famous in the late 1990s with starring roles in the movies I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997), 54 (1998) and Cruel Intentions (1999).
After 2000, he appeared in many movies, including Gosford Park (2001), Crash (2004), Flags of Our Fathers (2006), Breach (2007), Stop-Loss (2008), MacGruber (2010), The Bang-Bang Club (2010) and The Lincoln Lawyer (2011).
He starred as Bob Lee Swagger in the lead role of the USA Network thriller drama Shooter (2016–2018).
His writing has won many awards.
This article or section has references, but needs more to supplement its verifiability.
This notice was posted on June 7, 2018.
Jordi Sierra i Fabra (Barcelona, ​​July 26, 1947) is a Spanish writer.
His works of children's and youth literature have been published in Spain and Latin America.
He has also been a student of pop music since the late 1960s.
He was one of the founders of Cadena Ser's program El Gran Musical.
From June 4, 1812 until August 10, 1821, the land was part of the Missouri Territory.
Missouri became a state, so the land became unorganized.
It had no people living in it except for Fort Leavenworth.
The Fort was created in 1827 by Henry Leavenworth with the 3rd U.S Infantry from St.
Louis, Missouri; it is the first permanent European settlement in Kansas.
The fort was created as the westernmost outpost of the American military.
It was created to protect trade along the Santa Fe Trail from Native Americans.
The trade came from the East.
It came either by land using the Boone's Lick Road, or by water using the Missouri River.
The 2020 census said that there were 67,311 people, 25,631 households, and 18,131 families living in Shawnee.
Of the households, 72.2% owned their home and 27.8% rented their home.
Children under age 18 lived in 35.0% of the households.
Of the people, 78.2% were White, 5.7% were Black, and 3.2% were Asian.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.2% of the people.
January was very active, as it opened with Tropical Storm Pabuk (2019), the earliest-forming tropical storm in the Western Pacific, beating Typhoon Alice (1979), it was also the first system in the 2019 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, as Pabuk crossed the boundary as a tropical storm, right after its Malaysian landfall, before it disappeared due to wind shear.
Tropical Depression 01W formed near the Marshall Islands, where a day later, it dissipated, but after crossing into the Philippine Sea, the depression regenerated into Tropical Depression Amang, and made landfall in the Samar region, where it soon dissipated, but floods from tropical depression Amang resulted in a million-peso damage and 10 deaths in Mindanao.
March was an inactive season, with only one tropical depression forming, Chedeng, which made landfall in Mindanao, before dissipating in the Sulu Sea, where wind shear was destructively high.
No storms in April formed, but May had 4 tropical depressions were monitored by the Japan Meteorological Agency, but were short lived and never intensified.
June was inactive, starting off with a tropical depression on June 24, where it was named Tropical Depression Dodong by PAGASA, and intensified to become Tropical Storm Sepat after absorbing a nearby tropical depression in the South China Sea, but this storm was never recognized by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center.
Sepat headed off to Japan, becoming an extratropical cyclone after.
Tropical Depression 04W formed on June 27, where it was named Egay by PAGASA.
Egay intensified into a tropical storm (only a tropical depression for the JMA and PAGASA) before weakening to a remnant low east of Taiwan.
It is in Topeka.
The Kansas Historical Society's first website was created in 1993 by two KU students.
It was on the University of Kansas's website.
It was the first state or city historical society website ever.
The Kansas Historical Society created its own website in 1998.
St.
Mary's Food Bank Alliance is a nonprofit, nonsectarian organization in Phoenix, Arizona.
It was founded in 1967 by John van Hengel. St.
Mary's was the first modern organization to operate using the food bank model.
This spread throughout the U.S and the rest of the world.
Today, St.
Mary's is known as the world's first food bank.
Kansas's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S.
state of Kansas.
It has 63 counties from western and northern Kansas (more than half of the state) in it.
It is the 12th biggest congressional district in the United States.
Located within the district are Manhattan, Salina, Dodge City, Emporia, Garden City, Hays and Hutchinson.
It is a very rural district.
First documents date back to 1234.
At this time the village was probably called Ellenhusen.
Kidd was born Mildred Virginia Kidd in the Germantown district of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
She was the youngest daughter of Charles Kidd, a printer, and Zetta Daisy Whorley.
She had polio at age 2.
She was paralyzed for a year from the chest down.
Growing up she attended the Berlitz School of Languages where she developed fluency in Spanish, Latin, Italian, French, and German.
Kidd discovered science fiction at age 9.
She became an active science fiction fan.
She was a Futurian and, in 1941, became one of the founding members of the Vanguard Amateur Press Association.
She did not attend college, saying because I couldn't go to the University of Chicago, and I wouldn't go to any other.
She married opera singer Jack Emden in 1943.
They divorced in 1947.
She then married the writer James Blish.
They were married until 1963.
She had four children: Karen Anne Emden (born 1944), Asa Benjamin Blish (born and died 1947), Dorothea Elisabeth Blish (born 1954), and Charles Benjamin Blish (born 1956).
Her short stories included Kangaroo Court, published in 1966 in Damon Knight's Orbit 1.
She edited or co-edited several science fiction anthologies.
In 1965, she founded her Virginia Kidd Literary Agency.
The agency was at her home, Arrowhead, in Milford, Pennsylvania.
Soon, she had many clients from the science fiction community.
She was the first female literary agent in speculative fiction.
Pteroxygonum is a Polygonaceae genus, related to Fallopia.
A few species of the latter have been merged on it, such as F.denticulata.
Jenkins was born in Holton, Kansas.
She was raised on a dairy farm in Holton, and she attended high school there.
She graduated from Kansas State University and Weber State College with an accounting major and an economics minor.
She is a Certified Public Accountant.
Jenkins has a mostly conservative voting record in Congress.
Jenkins is against the Affordable Care Act.
Jenkins believes that lowering government spending will help the economy.
She is against raising taxes to get a balanced budget.
Jenkins supports the death penalty.
Jenkins is against same-sex marriage.She believes Kansas should have laws that stop discrimination for gay people.
She supported the Defense of Marriage Act.
In May 2019 Penguin, a British publishing house, published No One Is Too Small to Make a Difference, which is a collection of her speeches.
Penguin published Scenes from the Heart, the Thunberg family's story, in August 2018.
All earnings from these books will be donated to charity.
In the same month, artist Jody Thomas painted a mural of Thunberg on a wall in Bristol.
It portrays the bottom half of her face as if under rising sea water.
Schleswig-Holstein, particularly Eutin, has many rapeseed fields.
They produce biofuel.
Wind turbines are also a common in this rural region.
Toy Story is a computer animated comedy-fantasy film series and Disney media franchise that started in 1995 with the animated film of the same name.
The movies are produced from Pixar Animation Studios and the distributor is Walt Disney Pictures.
The franchise is based on the anthropomorphic concept that all toys, unknown to humans, are secretly alive, and the films focus on a diverse group of toys, most notably a cowboy doll named Sheriff Woody and a modern spaceman action figure named Buzz Lightyear, principally voiced by Tom Hanks and Tim Allen (Chris Evans in Lightyear), respectively.
The group unexpectedly embark on adventures that challenge and change them.
The names of the consonant letters in Eastern Nagari are typically just the consonant's main pronunciation plus the inherent vowel ô.
Since the inherent vowel is not written, most letters' names look identical to the letter itself (e.g.
the name of the letter is itself ghô, not gh).
Some letters that have lost their distinctive pronunciation in Modern Assamese and Bengali are having the same pronunciation with other letters.
For example, since the consonant phoneme /n/ is represented by the consonants , , or (depending on the spelling of the particular word).
These letters aren't called simply nô.
Instead, they are called dental nô, cerebral nô and niô.
Similarly, the phoneme in Bengali and in Assamese can be written as palatal shô/xhô , cerebral shô/xhô , or dental sô/xô , depending on the word.
Korean Necklace-pod (syn.
Echisophora koreensis) is an endangered species in Korea.
On 6 September 2022 Queen Elizabeth II appointed Truss as Prime Minister.
Liverpool Cruise Terminal opened in Liverpool in 2007.
It provides transport for long-distance international passenger ship travel.
The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.
Colonel Yahya Jammeh led a coup d'état which overthrew President Jawara and his government, all political parties and Parliament were dissolved.
In 1999, when Paul ‘Bonehead’ Arthurs (Oasis Rhythm Guitarist) and Paul ‘Guigsy’ McGuigan (Oasis Bass Player) departed the band, Gem archer, who was currently working with the creating record label under Alan McGee, came in as the replacement guitarist and Andy Bell of Hurricane #1 and Ride came in for bass guitar.
In 2013, Gem suffered a serious accident where he to fractured his skull by falling down the stairs at home.
Beady Eye took a break and when Gem had recovered, the continued with there BE tour.
In 2014, Beady Eye was announced as ‘no longer’ on Liam’s twitter.
In that time, Gem appeared to take a break and was fairly inactive in the music scene.
Whilst Andy Bell had reformed his old band ‘Ride’, Liam had started his solo career, Gem and Chris seemed to fade away for the time being.
In 2018, Noel Gallagher made changes to his High Flying Birds line up.
Gem Archer was introduced as the bands new guitarist, replacing ‘Tim Smith’ and Chris Sharrock was brought in and the new drummer taking over from ‘Jeremy Stacey’.
Archer has played on the latest High Flying birds tracks ‘Black Star Dancing’, ‘Rattling Rose’ and ‘Sail on’ on the new Noel Gallagher’s High Flying Birds EP.
In 1948, there was a movie based on the DC Comics character of Superman.
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
Of that, is land and is water.
Hutchinson has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfa).
It is almost a humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cfa).
It has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
Cliff Morrison is an activist and a nurse who established the first hospital ward for treating AIDS patients in the United States.
Ward 5B was established in San Francisco General Hospital in 1983.
When the ward was opened there was little known about this illness, and patients with the disease were regarded as worthy of disgrace and/or disapproval.
Ward 5B became a model for many other hospitals in the United States and in other countries.
There are three museums in the Viking Triangle.
The Viking Museum is in Reginald's Tower.
The Medieval Museum and Bishop's Palace Museum are close to Cathedral Square.
The Bishop's Palace Museum is a 250-year-old Georgian structure.
It has items from 17th century Waterford to the present.
Chandrayaan-2 was India's second moon mission.
It was launched on 22 July 2019 at 2:43 PM IST (09:13 UTC) to the Moon by a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark III (GSLV Mk III).
It includes an orbiter, lander, and rover that would study the moon both on and above the surface.
The mission spent some time orbiting Earth before going to the moon.
The lander failed to reach the lunar south pole on 6 September 2019 due to a software glitch.
David Nthubu Koloane (5 June 1938 – 30 June 2019) was a South African artist and political writer.
In his drawings, paintings and collages they are about the actual questions of political injustice and human rights.
Koloane was called an influential artist and writer of the apartheid years in South Africa by The New York Times.
He was born in Alexandra, South Africa.
Now dinghy racing is a worldwide sport and holds events and championships in many classes every year.
Christopher Michael Settlemire, better known by his stage name, Chris Zylka is an American actor of Russian descent.
He was raised by a single mother whose maiden name is Zylka and has never met his father.
He was born on May 9th, 1985 and originally hoped to become an artist.
His grandfather then introduced him to the work of Russian dramatists inspiring him to become an actor.
He moved to Hollywood and spent his first six months there living inside a car.
He got a job working at a restaurant and continued working there until he managed to become an actor on television.
He appeared in the television shows, Everybody hates Chris and Hannah Montana.
He then went on to movies and played roles in both comedy and horror films.
He played Flash Thompson in the 2012 movie The Amazing Spider-Man.
Zylka is best-known for having played the character Tom Garvey in the HBO television series The Leftovers.
Baranagar is also home to many schools providing quality education to the local and neighbourhood people.
Antonio Alonso Martinez (born 29 April, 1963) is a Portuguese-Spanish painter and multidisciplinary artist based in Lisbon, Portugal.
Martinez argues that humanity will find their own spiritual reality which has been the theme of his work since the mid-80s.
Martinez was born in Oeiras, Portugal, in 1963, to Spanish parents.
He chose Spanish nationality in 1978.
In Lisbon, he attended (Ar.Co) where he graduated in Fine arts in 1985.
During his years at the Ar.Co, Martinez co-authored the Manifest of the Multi-instrumentalist Painting which was published in the Portuguese national newspaper, Jornal de Letras, Artes e Ideias on 26 June 1984.
This manifest was accompanied by an exhibition at the , creating enthusiasm among the new artists and critics.
Drimys winteri (Winter's bark or canelo) is a Chilean tree from (Winteraceae).
Republican In Name Only or RINO is a word for people who are in the Republican Party of the United States but believe things and want to pass laws that are different from most Republicans.
RINO is a pejorative term, meaning it is an insult that other Republicans or conservatives use for people whom they think should not count as Republican.
He left India in 1894 to live in London from where he continued to take an interest in the Indian National Congress.
After retiring from the civil services and towards the end of Lord Lytton's rule, Hume observed that the people of India had a sense of hopelessness and wanted to do something, noting a sudden violent outbreak of sporadic crime, murders of obnoxious persons, robbery of bankers and looting of bazaars, acts really of lawlessness which by a due coalescence of forces might any day develop into a National Revolt.
Concerning the British government, he stated that a studied and invariable disregard, if not actually contempt for the opinions and feelings of our subjects, is at the present day the leading characteristic of our government in every branch of the administration.
He attempted to increase the Congress base by bringing in more farmers, townspeople and Muslims between 1886 and 1887 and this created a backlash from the British, leading to backtracking by the Congress.
Hume was disappointed when Congress opposed moves to raise the age of marriage for Indian girls and failed to focus on issues of poverty.
Some Indian princes did not like the idea of democracy.
In 1892, he tried to get them to act by warning of a violent agrarian revolution but this only outraged the British establishment and frightened the Congress leaders.
Disappointed by the continued lack of Indian leaders willing to work for the cause of national emancipation, Hume left India in 1894.
The kidney bean is a variety of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris).
Black's debut album Killin' Time produced four straight number one singles on the US Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks music chart.
As late as 2015 he had an album on Billboard's Top Country Albums music chart.
In March 2005, a woman called Florida's Palm Beach Police Department because she was concerned about what happened to her 14-year-old stepdaughter.
She said to them that her 14-year-old stepdaughter had been taken to Epstein's mansion by an older girl.
In the mansion, the woman claimed that her stepdaughter been paid $300 to strip and massage Epstein.
The stepdaughter was claimed to be undressed.
When she left Epstein's mansion, she wearing still wearing her underwear.
In smaller boats like dinghy classes, the rules are very strict.
Sometimes the boats may only be produced by one manufacturer.
An example is the Olympic Laser dinghy which is one of the most popular sailing dinghies in the world.
But others, like the Optimist dinghy, may be built by anyone and some are home built.
The Optimist dinghy is also very popular all over the world.
However, the measurements are very strict.
A boat like the Olympic 470 dinghy may only be built by certain licenced manufacturers.
You know...
You know, New York is different!
'Cause there's no place else on earth quite like New York!
I love New York!
You know...
You know, New York is different!
'Cause there's no place else on earth quite like New York!
Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers.
Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
New York's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the General Motors Place.
The median age was 38.6 years.
Of the people, 77.3% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.6% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 11.0% were from some other race, and 9.1% were two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 23.5% of the people.
The Lansing Correctional Facility (used to be called the Kansas State Penitentiary), which includes the state's main maximum-security prison, is in Lansing.
On February 23, the storm was packing 1-minute sustained winds of 193 km/h (120 mph), making it a Category typhoon, while also generating wave heights up to 12.5 m (41 ft), with wind gusts reaching 240 km/h (150 mph).
Later that day, Wutip reached its initial peak intensity, with 10-minute sustained winds of 185 km/h (115 mph), 1-minute sustained winds of 250 km/h (155 mph), and a minimum central pressure of 925 millibars (27.3 inHg), making the storm a high-end Category 4-equivalent super typhoon as it passed to the southwest of Guam.
This also allowed Wutip to surpass Typhoon Higos from 2015 as the strongest February typhoon on record.
Kanchi Natarajan Gandhi (born 1948) is a botanist and curator.
North Central Kansas is a tourism and geographical region of the state of Kansas.
It has 15 counties.
Over 150,000 people live there.
The Salina micropolitan area is part of North Central Kansas.
The region goes from the Nebraska border in the north to Russell, Ellsworth, Saline, and Dickinson Counties in the south.
Its western border includes Smith, Osborne, and Russell Counties, and its eastern border Dickinson, Clay, Washington, and Marshall Counties.
Independence has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cfa).
It has hot and humid summers, and it has cold winters.
John Graves Simcoe was a British General and politician.
Bonner Springs has a humid continental climate.
They have hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters.
In the end of 1915 negotiations started between Hussein and Sir Henry Mcmahon, a high commissioner in Cairo, about starting an Arab Revolt.
This was called the Hussein-Mcmohan correspondence.
Hussein claimed to act in the best interest of the Arab people.
He want Britain to acknowledge that he will become the independent leader of the new formed Arab state after the Arab revolt.
The new formed Arab state consists of the Arabian Peninsula, the Levant and Iraq.
In this way he could get more power again.
In return he would help the British to defeat the Ottoman Empire.
McMahon claimed he fought for what was best for Britain, he wanted certain regions in Iraq and Syria to remain under British and French power.
German has 25 phonemes, which is average among other languages.
One of its more unique sounds is the unusual affricate .
The Earth is visible from Mars as a double star; the Moon would be visible alongside it as a fainter companion.
From Phobos, Mars appears 6,400 times larger and 2,500 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth.
From Deimos, Mars appears 1,000 times larger and 400 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth.
Aside from the Sun, the most prominent objects in Jupiter's sky are the four Galilean moons.
Io, the nearest to the planet, would be slightly larger than the full moon in Earth's sky, though less bright, and would be the largest moon in the Solar System as seen from Jupiter.
The higher brightness of Europa would not overcome its greater distance from Jupiter, so it would not outshine Io.
Ganymede, the largest moon and third from Jupiter, is almost as bright as Io and Europa, but appears only half the size of Io.
Callisto, further out, would appear only a quarter the size of Io.
Neptune itself with a maximum brightness would be about that of the full moon on Earth.
Due to its eccentric orbit, Nereid would vary considerably in brightness; its disk would be far too small to see with the naked eye.
Proteus would also be difficult to resolve but, at its closest, would rival Canopus.
Pluto, accompanied by its largest moon Charon, orbits the Sun at a distance usually outside the orbit of Neptune except for a twenty-year period in each orbit.
The Election Commission of India held the indirect third presidential elections of India on 7 May 1962.
Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was elected as the Indian president in 1962.
Greater Israel (; Eretz Yisrael Hashlema) refers to the historic or desired borders of Israel.
It is a form of irredentism.
The Tsarist system was completely overthrown in February 1917 in the February Revolution.
It’s essentially the same as the graviton particle.
While there were some African slaves that were kept and sold in England, slavery in Great Britain had not been allowed by statute there.
In 1772, it was made unenforceable at common law in England and Wales by a legal decision.
The big British role in the international slave trade continued until 1807.
Slavery continued in most of Britain's colonies.
Many rich slave owners lived in England and had a lot of power.
In the 18th century, Britain became the world's biggest slave trader.
Starting in 1777, the Patriots made importing slaves illegal state by state.
They all acted to end the international trade.
However, it was later reopened in South Carolina and Georgia.
In 1807 Congress acted on President Jefferson's advice and made importing slaves from other countries a federal crime, as the Constitution permitted, starting January 1, 1808.
He defeated the Sumpa in northeastern Tibet around 627 (Tibetan Annals [OTA] l.
2).
The earliest known use is a passage in Henry George's best known work, Progress and Poverty (1879).
Many people say that Cuphead is a difficult game.
Slavic paganism describes Slavic pagan beliefs before Christianisation Slavs had their own mythology.
Sources about Slavs and their beliefs mainly come from the old Ruthenian chronicles and notes of German bishops.
A lot of information is in Helmold's Chronica Sclavorum.
There's also Chronicle of Thietmar, and the other chronicles, although they are not the only sources of information about Slavs and their beliefs.
There's also for example the diary of a Jewish trader of the Slaves - Ibrahim Ibn Jacob.
Some regions had different gods for different concepts.
For example, West Slavs (mainly Polabians and Volinians) believed that Svetovid was a creator of the world while eastern ones believed that it was Rod.
Polans and other Polish tribes came to the territory of today's Poland, probably in the VIII and IX century, bringing their beliefs on the west.
Polans and their beliefs are described in the Primary Chronicle by Ruthenian chronicler Nestor.
There are also famous Helmold's Chronica Slavorum and the other chronicles and notes of German bishops, geographs, as well as the old Ruthenian chroniclers and Jewish or Arabian traders of Slavs.
The history of paganism as the main religion in Poland ends in the Baptism of Poland in 966, but it is not the end of Slavic paganism.
Pagans would not agree to the Christian reforms of Mieszko I and his sons, causing a Pagan Reaction in Poland.
There was an uprising of pagans in 1037-1038 (later supressed by Casimir the Restorer).
During the uprising, pagans killed priests and destroyed churches.
The end of the uprising was not the end of paganism in Poland.
Pagans lived in Poland even to the XII century, when the last pagans were Christianised in West Pomerania by bishop Otto from Bamberg and Boleslav III Wrymouth.
The beginnings of Czech statehood were in 895, when there was founded the first Czech country ruled by the Premyslid dynasty.
It was pagan until 925, when the country was baptized from the hands of east Franks.
Pagan elites knew that it would cause moving them away from power and increased Frankish influence.
They rebelled against Vaclav, which failed.
The leader of the rebellion was his wife - Drahomira.
Although she lost the rebellion, there were still elites that resisted the reigns of Vaclav, so the brother of the Duke Boleslav I organised a coup against him.
Probably in 935 during the feast, one of the followers of Boleslav, murdered Vaclav and his brother became the Duke of Bohemia.
During his reign there were many pagans, many of which were Christianised after his death.
It is unknown when the last Czech pagans were Christianised.
The term Ruthenia can refer to Kievan Rus', Novogrodian Rus', or Volynians and other Ruthenian, east Slavic countries and tribes.
Paganism survived among the Eastern Slavs the longest time without being baptized.
The baptism of Kievan Rus' by the Byzantines, didn't end Paganism in this country, although it caused paganism to become less popular, and many people didn't admit to practicing Slavic beliefs.
Vladimir the Great started the mass baptism of people in Dnieper, which didn't end paganism among people.
The family of Vladimir was officially baptized, but still practiced paganism for a long time.
There still existed Ruthenian tribes that were pagan, for example Volynians or White Croats.
The last pagans survived maybe even to the XIII century.
On the afternoon of July 23, a tropical disturbance was formed in the southern waters of Japan, and the US Naval Research Laboratory gave a disturbance number of 91W.
Soon after, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center rated the system low and upgraded to Medium at 10 am.
At 5 am on July 24, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical depression.
At 8 o'clock in the morning, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a gale warning, and the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan upgraded it to a tropical depression, giving the number 11.
At 11 am, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical depression.
In the afternoon, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to “High and issued a tropical cyclone warning.
Vegans believe in a moral philosophy where the people who believe it not only take out animal products from their meals, but they stop using them for clothes as well, because we believe that as long as there are alternatives for those things, animals don’t want to be part of the abuse they go through in animal industries.
On June 9, 1888, Grant County was created again as a Kansas county, with original county borders.
The first officers of the new Grant County were sworn in on June 18, 1888.
The average elevation in the county is above sea level.
Colby is a city in Thomas County, Kansas, United States.
It is also the county seat of Thomas County.
In 2020, 5,570 people lived there.
François Couchepin (19 January 1935 – 23 February 2023) is a Swiss lawyer and politician.
He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP).
He was the 13th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1991 to 1999.
Pedro Rafael Pierluisi Urrutia (born April 26, 1959) is a Puerto Rican attorney, lobbyist, and politician.
He is the Governor of Puerto Rico since January 2, 2021.
On 6 August 2019, Swaraj died of a heart attack at a hospital in New Delhi, aged 67.
US-400 and US-54 start going together at Mullinville.
This goes through Greensburg, Pratt and Kingman before going into Wichita.
While in Wichita, US-400 and US-54 intersect Interstate 235.
It goes along with US-81 and Interstate 135.
K-96 provides a short freeway connection to Interstate 35, which is also the Kansas Turnpike.
At Augusta, US-400 and US-54 goes along with US-77.
US-400 separates at Haverhill.
A container garden or pot garden is a garden that is in containers instead of in the ground.
Bradley Glenn Butch Walker (born November 14, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, musician.
Mariam Vladislavovna Aghababjan (born 1964) is an Armenian botanist, plant taxonomist, employee of the Institute of Botany of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia.
She described many species of the genus Rhaponticoides, which was isolated from the genus Centaurea.
This author is usually abbreviated «M.V.Agab.» when citing a botanical name.
Two local companies, Great American Bank and Custom Foods, Inc., and one national company, Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, are headquartered in De Soto.
Huhtamaki Americas, Inc.
and Engineered Air, two international companies, chose De Soto for their North American headquarters.
Merck Animal Health, one of the world's biggest manufacturers of animal health supplies, chose De Soto for one of its U.S.
manufacturing facilities.
Émile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin (16 October 1841 – 1907) was a French sculptor of the Belle Époque.
He worked in bronze.
He studied under his father, the painter Auguste Guillemin, and under .
He showed work at the Salon of Paris from 1870 to 1899, and in 1897 received an honourable mention at Musée du Louvre de Paris.
Chitetsu Watanabe (渡邉智哲; Watanabe Chitetsu, 5 March 1907 – 23 February 2020) was a Japanese farmer and supercentenarian.
Arctanthemum arcticum (L).Tzvelev.
During the years of 1941–1945 he was professor of the Prague Conservatory.
He was one of the founders of the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (DAMU) together with Jiří Frejka, František Tröster and Josef Träger.
Then he was the Dean of this Faculty in three periods (1954–1955, 1958–1961 and 1963–1970) and acted as professor of this Faculty till his death in 1974.
AMC collect more than 1000 TPD (tonnes per day) waste from various spots existing in 6 zones by deploying 130 tractors, trucks, JCB, etc.
equipments & machineries.
In total, 1173 vehicles are monitored through global positioning system.
Sa Re Ga Ma Pa is an Indian musical reality TV show.
It started airing on Zee TV in 1995 as Sa Re Ga Ma.
It is the oldest running singing reality show in India.
Zhu De ( (also Chu Teh; 1 December 1886 – 6 July 1976) was a Chinese general, warlord, politician and revolutionary.
He was one of of the founders of the Communist Party of China.
He was a high-ranking official of the Chinese Red Army.
The Hôpital André-Mignot is a hospital in France.
It is in the commune of Le Chesnay, close to Paris.
It was created in 1981.
The nagas’ eternal enemies are the garudas, a bird-like deity.
The movie has made $1 billion worldwide, becoming the sixth highest-grossing movie of 2019.
The movie received strong positive reviews despite some action events.
In 2020, it won an Academy Award for best animated movie.
For emigrants going west by wagon train on the Oregon Trail, The Hill was the next big topographical challenge after crossing the Wakarusa River near today's Haskell Indian Nations University.
Alessandro Manzoni and Leonardo da Vinci are numerous and it seems that their families knew each other.
Kōno was speaker for the longest length since the set up of House of Representatives in 1890.
In Phantom Blood, after killing his father, Dario, he is adopted by the english nobleman Lord Joestar.
He became the brother of Jonathan Joestar, nicknamed JoJo.
His first goal is to make the life of his adoptive brother terrible, killing his pet dog Danny, and kissing his girlfriend Erina Pendelton.
During Phantom Blood he discovers the hidden power of the stone mask, a mysterious object from Mexico.
Meanwhile, he is slowly killing his adoptive father.
Later on, his plan is discovered by Jonathan.
Three days later, Dio kills Lord Joestar, puts on the stone mask, and becomes a vampire.
Arale is a fictional character from the manga Dr.
Slump, created by Akira Toriyama.
She is a robot created by Senbe Norimaki, nicknamed Dr.
Slump.
Her appareance is that of a young girl with glasses, because despite being a robot she is shorstsighted.
She is very powerful, capable of destroying the Earth with one single punch on the ground.
Suraphol Sombatcharoen (, born 25 September 1930 - died 16 August 1968) was a Thai luk thung singer.
Dubbed the King of Luk Thung, he was one of the first major stars of Thailand's own country music genre.
He was fatally shot while seated in his own car after a live performance in Nakhon Pathom.
Born in the United States, he returned to Italy in the early fifties to open an atelier in Rome in the highly fashionable Via Veneto.
He was among the first great haute couture designers to compete with the most renowned French couturiers.
In 1949 he was in Paris, called by Christian Dior for a stylistic collaboration.
After that experience, Clark & Morland Ltd in London also called him to design a line of shoes.
Together with other names of the Italian fashion of the time such as Roberto Capucci, the Sartoria Antonelli, the atelier Carosa, Giovanelli Sciarra, Germana Marucelli, Polinober, the Sartoria Vanna and Jole Veneziani, he participated in 1952 in the first historical parade at the Sala Bianca in Palazzo Pitti in Florence.
A very young Oriana Fallaci sent by the weekly Epoca told the news.
In 1953, together with other major names of the time (including Emilio Schuberth, the Sorelle Fontana, Alberto Fabiani, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Mingolini-Guggenheim, Eleonora Garnett and Simonetta), he founded the SIAM - Italian High Fashion Syndicate (later to become the National Chamber of Italian Fashion).
In July 1954, together with the Sorelle Fontana, Emilio Schuberth, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Eleonora Garnett and Mingolini-Guggenheim he took part in Alta Moda in Castel Sant'Angelo.
On that occasion, the American Sally Kirkland, Fashion Editor of Life and of Vogue, was awarded for her role as ambassador of Italian fashion in the United States.
The football team, led by coach Mark Mangino, won the 2008 Orange Bowl.
They finished the season 12–1.
The Centre hospitalier intercommunal de Poissy-Saint-Germain-en-Laye is a well-known hospital in the Poissy and Saint-Germain-en-Laye, close to Paris.
It was created in 1997.
Reverse-Flash is a name used by many fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
The Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission abbreviated as SUPARCO is the national space agency of Pakistan.
It was founded in 1961.
Its headquarters are based in Karachi.
William Herbert Foege M.D., M.P.H.
This is a list of episodes of May Bukas Pa which aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from February 2, 2009 to February 5, 2010.
The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan, Jojo A.
Saguin, and Erick C.
Salud.
Neper was the god of grains, specifically grains that were significant in Ancient Egyptian times, such as wheat, corn, and barley.
His name means lord of the mouth.
Neper also represented sustenance and nourishment.
It was said that he predicted the times of the year when the crops grew, were harvested, and disappeared.
He was worshipped mainly because he was a god that kept people healthy through their food.
Sally Kirkland (El Reno, 1 July 1912 – New York City, 1 May 1989) was a fashion editor at Vogue magazine between 1947 and 1969.
This is a list of episodes of 100 Days to Heaven which aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from May 9, 2011 to November 18, 2011.
The series was directed by Malu L.
Sevilla, Jojo A.
Saguin, and Don M.
Cuaresma.
In the 1970s, he was a writing lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin.
In 2009, Kunert won the America Award in Literature.
There are four isomers, and all are gases at room temperature.
This classification system was first proposed by Gordon Willey and Philip Phillips in the widely accepted 1958 book Method and Theory in American Archaeology.
The parallel 36°30′ north is a circle of latitude that is 36 and one-half degrees north of the equator of the Earth.
This parallel of latitude is very important in the history of the United States.
This is because it was the line of the Missouri Compromise, which was used to divide the slave and free states west of the Mississippi River, with the exception of Missouri, which is mostly north of this parallel.
This is a list of episodes of Lorenzo's Time which aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from July 2, 2012 to October 5, 2012.
The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan and Claudio Tots Sanchez-Mariscal IV.
Since Allen Fieldhouse opened (which is the Jayhawks home arena), in 1955, the Jayhawks have earned a well established home court advantage.
Allen Fieldhouse is often considered one of the best home court advantages in college basketball.
The Vienna International Film Festival, or Viennale, is a movie festival taking place every October since 1960 in Vienna, Austria.
Traditionally they are served after a meal with Turkish coffee.
This is a list of episodes of My Dear Heart which aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block from January 23, 2017 to June 16, 2017.
The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan and Jojo A.
Saguin.
Paddy Roy Bates (19212012) was a major in the British Army during WWII.
Therefore, formula_13 or 83%.
Wolfe­schlegel­stein­hausen­berger­dorff was born in Bergedorf (now part of Hamburg), Germany.
Later, he moved to Philadelphia in the United States.
His birthdate has been given as February 29, 1904.
However, he was also reported to be age 47 in a 1964 story.
Philadelphia County death records list a birthdate of August 4, 1914.
Paisley means a distinctive intricate pattern of curved feather-shaped figures based on an Indian pine-cone design.
Masum Babul (31 December 1962 - 6 March 2023) was a Bangladeshi movie dance director and choreographer.
He won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Choreography twice for the film Dola (1993) and Ki Jadu Karila (2008).
He also best known for the film Beder Meye Josna (1989), Koti Takar Kabin (2006) and Bikkhov (1994).
The Piedmontese language is a Gallo-Romance language spoken in Piedmont.
The Council of Europe officially recognised it as a minority language in the 1980s.
It is classified as an endangered language.
In 2019, there were between 700,000 and 2 million speakers.
This is a list of episodes of Starla which currently airs on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block since October 7, 2019.
The series is directed by Onat Diaz, Darnel Joy R.
Villaflor, and Jerome Chavez Pobocan.
Beginning in 1990s, Hirsch began publishing books in the Core Knowledge Grader Series which the Foundation describes as an engaging, illustrated guide to the essential knowledge outlined in the Core Knowledge Sequence.
This series of books was received well by parents educating children at home, and it has been adopted by many school systems.
SFWA Active members vote for the Nebula Awards.
They are some of the most important English-language science fiction awards.
Iran became an orbital-launch-capable country in 2009.
Richard Allen Askey (June 4, 1933 – October 9, 2019) was an American mathematician.
He was known for his expertise in the area of special functions.
The Askey–Gasper inequality for Jacobi polynomials is essential in de Brange's famous proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1993.
Miéville studied for a BA degree in social anthropology at Clare College, Cambridge.
He graduated in 1994.
He next earned a master's degree and then a PhD in international relations from the London School of Economics in 2001.
Miéville has also held a Frank Knox fellowship at Harvard University.
After becoming dissatisfied with the ability of post-modern theories to explain history and political events, he became a Marxist at university.
A book version of his PhD thesis, Between Equal Rights: A Marxist Theory of International Law, was published in the UK in 2005 by Brill in their Historical Materialism series, and in the United States in 2006 by Haymarket Books.
Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi (27 March 1929 – 26 October 2023) is an Israeli rabbi.
He is the Rosh Yeshiva of Ateres Yisrael in Bayit Vegan in Jerusalem, and a member of the Degel Hatorah Moetzas Gedolei Yisrael.
The Goodland Star-News is the city's only newspaper.
It is published twice per week.
In 1951, the Technical College was renamed the College of Technology, Birmingham.
In 2016, Her Majesty's College of Arms granted the favour of supporters to Aston University's arms.
This marked the 50th anniversary of the University.
Professor Julia King, the Baroness Brown of Cambridge, the Vice-Chancellor, had made the request.
In 2015, Aston was ranked as the 42nd best university in the world under 50 years old.
In April 2007, Aston University submitted a planning application for demolition of the three 1970s towers.
They were to be replaced by new student accommodation blocks, apartments for tutors, retail units and administrative offices.
On 8 May 2011, Lawrence and Dalton Towers were demolished.
In April 1921, during the Belgian colonization in Congo, Simon Kimbangu started preaching to people and using the powers that he believed he had received from God in visions to heal people.
During his ministry, he attracted a large group of people.
Under pressure from the Catholic Church, who was afraid of the popularity of the movement, the Belgian authorities tried to arrest Kimbangu on June 09, 1921.
They failed in arresting him, and Kimbangu escaped.
He continued his ministry in secret before turning himself in on September 12, 1921.
He was sentenced to death, but the sentence was changed to life imprisonment.
He died in prison in 1951.
The median age was 34.4 years.
Of the people, 50.5% were White, 2.2% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 28.8% were from some other race, and 18.1% were two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 53.1% of the people.
Warboys worked for ICL from 1963 to 1985.
During the 1970s, he was Chief Designer of VME.
Warboys was Professor of Software Engineering.
He researched the development of techniques which enable dynamic evolution.
This is the ability to change s/w whilst it is executing.
It applied to the design of very large systems.
In 1991, he became the founder and principal of the Informatics Process Group (IPG) in the School of Computer Science.
IPG was established to advance the application of Process Modelling.
Between 1997 and 2002 he led the EPSRC funded Compliant Systems Architecture (CSA) projects.
Within Europe he has headed the Manchester operating system team on the ESPRIT-funded EDS project.
He also led the IPG's involvement in the ESPRIT Basic Research Activity PROMOTER on software process modelling and technology.
Spyderco is a knife company founded by Sal Glesser in the United States.
They pioneered the opening hole in the blade of a folding knife.
This allows one-hand manual opening of the knife without the need for added thumb-studs or other features.
It is headquartered in Golden, Colorado.
It was founded in 1978.
Per Japanese census data, the population of Shingō has declined over the past 40 years.
Council Grove has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters.
The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Council Grove has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated Cfa on climate maps.
In the summer, the climate is generally very hot.
It sometime gets thunderstorms.
St.
Francis has a semi-arid climate (Köppen BSk).
It has cold, dry winters and hot, humid summers.
The median age was 34.3 years.
Of the people, 73.6% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 13.9% were from some other race, and 11.6% were two or more races.
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 30.4% of the people.
From 26 March-8 May 2010, as part of the Willy Russell season at the Menier Chocolate Factory.
Laura Dos Santos reprised her radio performance on stage as Rita with Larry Lamb as Frank.
This was the production's first London West End revival.
At the same time, Max Lowe (Patrick Swayze) arrives in Calcutta.
He is a US surgeon.
He is upset after the loss of a young patient.
A version of the film was included in the 2016 DVD set Alan Clarke at the BBC, Volume 2: Disruption.
This version includes censored scenes restored from tape.
The new scenes include: a more graphic version of Bex's blinding of Oboe, a scene of Bex mock-raping his wife, and Bex performing a knife attack on Yeti's private parts).
In many cases, the duty to rescue has become customary law.
This is the case for example for helping people at sea.
Kline won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
In 1969, Cleese and Crichton tried to make a film together but it never got started.
In June 1983, they began writing the script for Wanda.
For the next two and half years they met three times a month to work on the script.
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 93% approval rating, based on 61 reviews, with an average rating of 8/10.
Aptivate combines good ideas from the commercial software businesses and international development organizations.
The theatre was for many years managed by Maud Carpenter.
His official life extended throughout the Whig supremacy of the 18th century.
The Galaxy S10e, S10 and S10+ launch prices started at $749/£586, $899/£704 and $999/£782, while the S10 5G's launch price was $1299.
Andijan Region is a region in Uzbekistan.
It is in the far-right part of Uzbekistan.
It touches the Namangan Region, the Fergana Region and the country Kyrgyzstan.
The region is in the lower part of the Fergana Valley.
There are about 3,000,000 people living in the Andijan Region which means there are more people living in Andijan Region for every square kilometer than any other region in Uzbekistan.
The capital of the Andijan Region is Andijan.
The Andijan Region makes up about 1% of all the land area in Uzbekistan.
Uzbekistan was controlled by the Soviet Union from 1924 to 1991.
Religion was made illegal and mosques were closed by the Soviet Union.
Regardless, the people are mostly Islamic today.
He is the son of Tommy Körberg och Anki Lidén.
He is also the half-brother of musician Avicii.
He played the character Adam Frick in the TV-series Vita lögner (1997–1998) broadcasted on TV3, he has presented the game show Pussel broadcasted on TV4, and the comedy clip show All världens reklam broadcasted on TV11.
He has also acted in the TV-series Karatefylla broadcasted on TV6.
Turon is at (37.807415, -98.427061).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
By the 1870s, Spring Hill was growing in number of people and commerce.
However, a railroad to come right through the town wanted to go around Spring Hill unless the town paid $15,000.
The people did not want to share the costs, so the railroad was moved to about a half-mile east of the town square.
The town's businesses then quickly moved closer to the train depot and tracks.
The Lowrey organ is an electronic organ named for its developer, Frederick C.
Lowrey (1871-1955).
He was a Chicago-based industrialist and entrepreneur.
It was in 1955, the year he died, that Lowrey's full-sized electronic organ was first commercially successful.
It was called the Model S Spinet or Berkshire.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Lowrey was the largest manufacturer of electronic organs in the world.
In 1989, the Lowrey Organ Company produced its 1,000,000th organ.
Garth Hudson, the keyboardist of The Band, played a Lowrey Festival organ on many of the group's most notable songs.
Mount Roraima lies on the Guiana Shield.
It is the highest point of the Brazilian state of Roraima lie on the plateau, but Venezuela and Brazil have higher mountains elsewhere.
The triple border point is at , and the mountain's highest point is called 'Laberintos del Norte'.
Auburn is at (38.907756, -95.815555).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
Almost all of it is land.
Benton is at (37.788136, -97.107753).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
The sides were made from corrugated steel sheets.
The two ends were covered with plywood which had doors and windows.
The inside was insulated and had pressed wood lining and a wood floor.
The building could be placed on concrete, on pilings, or directly on the ground with a wood floor.
The inside space was open, so it could be used for a variety of purposes.
Some uses were as barracks, latrines, medical and dental offices, isolation wards, housing, and bakeries.
Bison is at (38.519915, -99.19789).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
Bazine is at (38.446126, -99.693006).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
Brewster is at (39.362878, -101.376552).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
The 2000 census says that there were 259 people, 104 households, and 74 families living in Brookville.
No Safe Spaces is a 2019 documentary movie.
It is about political disagreements and the freedom of speech.
It stars Dennis Prager and Adam Carolla.
This movie argues that conservative speakers should be allowed to speak at universities.
It shows how left wing protestors in the United States and Canada have sometimes prevented this.
It criticizes safe spaces where university students might go to avoid views they disagree with.
It is now showing as a video on demand.
Ben Shapiro, Tim Allen, Van Jones, Alan Dershowitz, Ann Coulter, and Cornel West, are also in this movie.
The movie shows Barack Obama saying that students should argue with people they disagree with, and not silence them.
Many people have gone to see this movie, even though many critics did not like it.
Critics from the Denver Post and Los Angeles Times did not like the movie.
But reviewers from the Chicago Tribune and Variety did like it.
A small number of movie theaters began showing this movie on October 25, 2019.
Because it did well, many more theaters began showing this movie on December 6, 2019.
Kensington is at (39.766702, -99.03285).
The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
Golden algae is also a common term.
It refers to a species, Prymnesium parvum, which kills fish in large numbers (causes 'fish kills').
In 1952, the company moved to a venue in Sacheverel Street.
The new Derby Playhouse was opened on 20 September 1975 by the 11th Duke of Devonshire.
It had a seating capacity of 535.
Mark Woolgar was Resident Director for the first five seasons.
Plays by Shakespeare, Shaw, Ibsen, Ayckbourn, Orton and Coward were put on.
In 1980, Christopher Honer joined the Playhouse as Artistic Director.
Over the next seven years, the Playhouse's productions included All My Sons with Miranda Richardson, Piaf with Caroline Quentin, The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui starring Ben Roberts.
New plays included Rony Robinson's The Brewery Beano and Don Shaw's The Conspirator.
In 1987, Annie Castledine became Artistic Director.
During the next three years, the Playhouse saw a completely different style of theatre.
Plays included The Innocent Mistress, The Children's Hour and The Dark at the Top of the Stairs and classic plays such as A Doll's House and Jane Eyre.
Other plays included Arsenic and Old Lace, Gaslight and Noises Off alongside new work such as Sunday's Children, The Queen of Spades, Selling the Sizzle and Self Portrait.
There was a series of co-productions with the companies Shared Experience, Paines Plough and Temba.
During this period, the theatre's productions became known for the strength of their on-stage visual imagery.
The Playhouse was shortlisted for the Prudential Awards.
Musicals became an important part of the programme, including Grease, Little Shop of Horrors, Cabaret and Assassins.
The pantomimes written by Mark Clements and Michael Vivian drew in record numbers at Christmas time.
In 2002, Mark Clements and David Edwards left the company.
Karen Hebden was appointed as chief executive and Stephen Edwards as Creative Producer.
Over the following years the Playhouse gained a national reputation for its productions.
The majority of the people in Bima are Muslims (97.38%).
The rest are Protestant (0.89%), Catholic Christians (0.62%), and Hindus and Buddhists around (1.11%).
The people of Bima and all of east Sumbawa speak Bima language.
This Earth of Mankind was made into an Indonesian language movie.
Production started in 2006.
Armantono wrote the script.
Li Yugang is a singer and artist from Jilin, China.
He was the second Chinese person to sing at the Sydney Opera House.
Eyre coot was the person who led English forces for the East India Company in the third Carnatic war.
Because of his ideas British won against French forces in the Battle of Wandiwash.
Sheeran died of cancer on December 14, 2003 in Philadelphia at the age of 83.
The island belongs to the Indonesian province of Maluku ().
It is split into Buru Regency () and South Buru Regency ().
In 2017, he was awarded the Polar Music Prize.
The province's capital, business center, and largest city is Manado.
Other major towns are Tomohon and Bitung.
There are many tall mountains from high.
The province is a young volcanic region.
There are many eruptions and active volcanic cones.
Vardy won the Premier League title with Leicester in 2016.
This breed was found in the 1990s.
There have only been a dozen found, one was found dead.
The last was found and recorded in 2007.
A group of reptile experts went looking for this hard to find snake and were only able to find two during their first day.
In 2014, the Albany Adder was put on the Critically endangered species list as the most endangered reptile.This snake was a month from being extinct due to the rule of a species not being found and recorded in a ten year span.
If not recorded in this time frame, it is labeled as extinct.
A cushion or mat is required for needle felting.
A mat is used to protect both the delicate felting needles as well as the work surface below.
A felting mat can be made out of many materials, but are commonly foam, sponge, or other soft materials that can withstand repeated puncture by the needle without causing damage to it.
Haribo is a German candy company founded in 1920 by Johannes Hans Riegel Sr.
It started in Kessenich, Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia.
The name is an acronym formed from Hans Riegel, Bonn.
This is the name of the founder and the place he founded the company.
Haribo created the first gummy candy in 1922 in the form of little gummy bears called Gummibärchen.
The current headquarters is in Grafschaft, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The FrogPhone is a machine that uses microphones to listen to frogs so scientists can study them and the places they live.
It also has thermometers to measure how hot or cold it is in the air and water.
David Yang's main studies were with Martha Strongin Katz, Heidi Castleman, Karen Ritscher, and Stephen Wyrczynski.
He is mainly known as a chamber musician and has worked with people who are part of groups such as the Tokyo String Quartet, Brentano String Quartet, Borromeo String Quartet, Cassatt String Quartet, Miro String Quartet, Vermeer String Quartet, and Trio Solisti, Trio Cavatina, and Eroica Piano Trio.
In 2009, he was awarded special status from from the Independence Foundation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which is awarded to a small amount of artists.
David Yang is the person in charge of chamber music at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, and is also the person in charge of art at the Newburyport Chamber Music Festival.
He was one of the members of the string trio Ensemble Epomeo when it was founded.
He has performed with Ensemble Epomeo all around Europe, Canada, and the USA.
Because he advocates for new music, he has asked over twenty composers, such as Robert Capanna, Andrea Clearfield, Daniel Dorff, Cynthia Folio, Jeremy Gill, Gerald Levinson, David Ludwig, Robert Maggio, Jay Reise, Kile Smith, Dmitri Tymoczko, Anna Weesner, and Andrew Waggoner, to make pieces of music, and has performed the first performances of them.
He is the person in charge of Auricolae, a group that tells stories and performs music.
He composes music for Auricolae, and is on the list of members of Musicopia.
He also holds a master's degree in architecture from the University of Pennsylvania and worked in the studio of Aldo Rossi and for Hugh Hardy.
Yang plays a viola Johannes Tielka, a viola da gamba maker, made in 1670 and Joseph Joachim, who was a 19th-century violin virtuoso who was the best friend of Johannes Brahms.
He records for the record labels New Focus, Somm, and Avie.
Katherine Megan McArthur (born August 30, 1971) is an American oceanographer and a National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) astronaut.
She has served as a Capsule Communicator (CAPCOM) for both the space shuttle and space station.
Megan McArthur has flown one space shuttle mission, STS-125, where she served as Mission Specialist in repairing the Hubble Space Telescope.
McArthur has served in a number of positions including working in the Shuttle Avionics Laboratory (SAIL).
She is currently in space as the Commander of the NASA SpaceX Crew-2 mission to the ISS.
She launched on 23 April 2021.
Horsetooth Reservoir is a man-made lake just west of Fort Collins, Colorado, in southern Larimer County made for recreation purposes, and is the main water supply for the Poudre Valley.
The reservoir was a part of the Colorado-Big Thompson project.
This project was made to move water from the west slope to the east slope.
The water is used for local farms, hydropower, and drinking water for Northern Colorado.
The lake is 6.5 miles long and had 25 miles of shore line with 4 camping areas, 111 campsites total, and 4 boat-launch areas.
The primary activities are fishing, power boating, water skiing, hiking, and camping.
The television series Monkey Business (made by Meridian Broadcasting and shown on ITV Meridian in the UK and on Animal Planet worldwide) has documented the Cronin's frequent rescue missions and undercover investigations throughout Europe and Asia for the past 10 years.
Beginning in 2007, Monkey Business was replaced with Monkey Life, which also documents the goings-on within Monkey World.
Silver salmon, deep bodied North Pacific salmon with black spots, are found in the Northern Atlantic and Pacific Ocean.
They grow up to be 30 inches in length and live up to 2–4 years.
The name of the Chipko moment originated from the word 'embrace' as the villagers used to hug the trees/ and protect them from wood cutters from cutting them.
In 1731, the king of Jodhpur in Rajasthan asked one of his ministers to arrange wood for constructing a new palace.
The minister and workers went to a forest near a village, inhabited by Bishnois, to cut down trees.
A Bishnoi woman Amrita Devi showed exemplary courage by hugging a tree and daring king’s men to cut her first before cutting the tree.
The tree mattered much more to her than her own life.
Sadly, the king’s men did not heed to her pleas, and cut down the tree along with Amrita Devi.
Her three daughters and hundreds of other Bishnois followed her, and thus lost their lives saving trees.
The incident inspired the several other rural women, who launched such similar movements in different parts of India.
The Chipko Movement gained momentum under Sunderlal Bahuguna, an activist, who spent his whole life persuading and educating the villagers, to protest against the destruction of the forests and the Himalayan mountains by the government.
The Chipko protests achieved a major victory in 1980 with a 15 years ban on tree felling in the Himalayan forests of the state by the order of Mrs.
Indira Gandhi.
The following table lists Louisiana's metropolitan areas, ranked by population as of February 1, 2013.
Born in Amsterdam, Rensenbrink started his career at DWS, an Amsterdam amateur club, before moving to Belgian side Club Brugge in 1969.
Between 1971 and 1980 he played for Anderlecht where he enjoyed his greatest club successes.
In total when in Belgium he twice won the Belgian Championships, the Belgian Cup five times and at European club level the European Cup Winners' Cup twice (in 1976 and 1978 as well as being runner-up in 1977).
Rensenbrink delivered a notable performance in the 1976 final as Anderlecht ran out 4–2 winners against West Ham United.
He scored two goals, one from the penalty spot and set up Francois Van der Elst for the fourth goal.
Among his team mates was Dutch internationalist compatriot, Arie Haan.
In 1980, he left Anderlecht and wound down his career with a spell at Portland Timbers in the NASL, followed by a brief stay with Toulouse in France in 1981.
After the war, Bob and Phil make it big in nightclubs, radio, and then on Broadway, eventually becoming successful producers.
They mount their newest hit musical titled Playing Around.
The same day they receive a letter from Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy, their mess sergeant from the war, asking them to look at an act that his two sisters are doing.
A stage adaptation of the musical, titled Irving Berlin's White Christmas premiered in San Francisco in 2004 and has played in various venues in the US, such as Boston, Buffalo, Los Angeles, Detroit and Louisville.
The band started in 2015.
Some members came from other Swedish punk bands, Les Big Byrd, Pig Eyes and Nitad.
Fayed was the producer of Chariots of Fire, Breaking Glass, F/X, F/X2, Hook, and The Scarlet Letter.
Maurice Norman (8 May 1934 – 27 November 2022) is an English former footballer.
He played nearly 400 times in the Football League as a centre half for Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur.
At international level, Norman won 23 caps for the England national team.
The Diet of Worms was a council of the Holy Roman Empire in the city of Worms.
The council was held because of Martin Luther and the Protestant Reformation.
It lasted for five months in early 1521.
The Emperor, Charles V led the council.
Other councils (called Imperial Diets) were held in Worms in the years 829, 926, 1076, 1122, 1495, and 1545, but the most important Diet of Worms was in 1521.
In June 1520, Pope Leo X wrote the Papal bull Exsurge Domine (Arise, O Lord), in which he talked about 41 problems he saw in Martin Luther's Ninety-five Theses and his other works.
Because of this, the Holy Roman Emperor told Martin Luther to come to the diet.
He promised that he would give Luther safe passage to and from it.
The Diet started on 23 January 1521.
Martin Luther was told that he had to either take back what he had said or defend it.
Mendelson Productions has produced over 100 television and movie productions, winning 12 Emmys and 4 Peabodys, as well as many Grammy, Emmy, and Oscar nominations.
The princely clan of Parspatuni descended from the Matianian kings of Sangibutu.
By its geographical position, Parspatunik was located on the border of the Armenian and Parthian kingdoms.
This circumstance explains the Armenian name of the region, which translates as “Wall of Persia from the words “Pars(Persia) and “pat(wall), due to the fact that the Matiani mountains of Parspatunik served as the ancient border between Armenia and Iran.
The population of Parspatunik consisted mоstly of Iranian(Atropatenian and Caspian) tribes.
The modern historical region of Parspatunik is located on the territory of the Iranian region Arasbaran(Karadag) and was abandoned by the majority of the Armenian population during the repatriation period 1946-1947.
A large number of monuments of Armenian architecture have been preserved in the region.
Lavinia is a novel by American author Ursula K.
Le Guin.
It won the Locus Award.
2008 .
The book tells about the life of Lavinia.
She was a minor character in Virgil's epic poem the Aeneid.
Taking place soon after the German retreat to the Hindenburg Line and Operation Alberich, the movie is about two young British soldiers who were given a mission to deliver a message calling off a doomed offensive attack.
This message is especially important to one of the soldiers because his brother will be part of the attack.
1917 premiered in the UK on 4 December 2019 and was released theatrically in the United States on 25 December by Universal Pictures and in the United Kingdom on 10 January 2020 by Entertainment One.
The movie received widespread critical praise and was a box office success, grossing $384 million worldwide.
Gregg got the idea for the film from his own experiences as a student at Plymouth Art College.
In June 1982, before being shown on TV, the film had been shown in a cinema, the Screen on the Hill in Hampstead.
In computer science, a Boolean expression is an expression used in programming languages that produces either true or false when evaluated.
|| (double pipe character) for OR, && (double ampersand) for AND, and !
for NOT.
Women were not elected to membership in the early years.
In 1908, poet Julia Ward Howe was elected to the AAA, becoming the first female member.
NPC is a meme.
NPC is sometimes called NPC Wojak.
The NPC meme is normally used to express that people who like the political left do not think for themselves.
Ethel is named for the daughter of Capt.
S.
B.
McConnico.
Scene was a series of 30 minute dramas and documentaries suitable for showing to teenage schoolchildren as part of the English and Humanities curriculum.
It was thought that the dramas shown would stimulate discussion in the classroom about contemporary issues relevant to teenagers.
This included topics such as race, drugs, sex, and disability.
Critical reaction was positive with praise for the high production standards.
They have large heads, short tails, and powerful bills and feet.
Nuthatches advertise their territory with loud, simple songs.
Most species have grey or bluish upperparts and a black eye stripe.
The North Dakota State Capitol is the house of government of the U.S.
state of North Dakota.
In 2008, Kin launched her own clothing brand Vita Kin for Kindom, which specialized in dresses for the 70s.
This brand worked until 2013.
A 2007 episode in Dubai focused on Holby registrar Joseph Byrne (Luke Roberts) meeting new nurse Faye Morton (Patsy Kensit).
The second series ran for 16 episodes.
The third series ran for 30 episodes.
Series four to nine ran for 52 episodes.
Series ten ran for 53 episodes, including the stand-alone finale episode Mad World, set outside the hospital.
Series eleven ran for 52 episodes.
Series twelve had 55 episodes.
Minkie Spiro was nominated for the Best New Director (Fiction) award in 2003 for her work on the series.
Holby City received multiple BBC Drama Award nominations between 2002 and 2006.
Its best results saw the show voted fifth Best Drama in 2004 and 2006.
Amanda Mealing was voted fourth Best Actress in 2006 for her role as Connie Beauchamp.
A Tangelo is a citrus fruit hybrid.
Usually, one parent is a Mandarin orange and the other is a grapefruit.
The fruit tastes mainly sweet and slightly sour.
Tangelo fruits have a soft skin.
They can grow to about in diameter.
It started from local military forces created by France after World War I.
These forces became one force in 1945, the year before Syria became independent.
Most of this information is from the Game Catalog of IntellivisionLives.com.
Some games were also released under different names when they were released again in Intellivision Lives!.
Philip J.
Fry, (born August 14, 1974) commonly known as Fry, is a fictional character and one of the main characters of the animated sitcom Futurama.
He is voiced by Billy West using a version of his own voice as he sounded when he was unlikey 25.
Gascoyne was born on 31 January 1968 in Huthwaite, Nottinghamshire to Marian and Derrick Gascoyne.
Susan Frances Harmar Nicholls (born 23 November 1943) is an English actress, known for her roles on the British television programmes Crossroads (1964–1968), The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin (1976–1979), Rentaghost (1981–1984), and her long-running role as Audrey Roberts in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street (1979–1982, 1984–present).
She also appeared on Broadway in the 1974 revival of the comedy London Assurance.
Kamen was already a successful inventor: his company Auto Syringe manufactures and markets the first drug infusion pump.
His company DEKA also holds patents for the technology used in portable dialysis machines, an insulin pump (based on the drug infusion pump technology), and an all-terrain electric wheelchair known as the iBOT, using many of the same balancing technologies that were later used on the Segway.
Connie Skov Hyde (born 15 November 1969) is an English actress.
Between 2017 and 2019, Hyde played Gina Seddon in the ITV television soap opera Coronation Street.
Hyde also played PC Cathy Bradford in The Bill.
She has guest starred in Dangerfield and Dalziel and Pascoe.
The series also saw black characters appearing regularly.
This followed from the 1960s BBC soap Compact.
This was also created by Hazel Adair and Peter Ling.
Melanie Harper, played by Cleo Sylvestre, arrived at the motel in 1970 as Meg's foster daughter.
Sylvestre was given the role by producer Reg Watson after press coverage of racial tensions in Birmingham.
In 1977, an interracial summer romance took place between Cockney garage mechanic Dennis Harper, played by Guy Ward, and motel receptionist Meena Chaudri, played by Karen David.
In 1981, a storyline about a false accusation of rape.
In 1983, a storyline about a test tube baby born to Glenda and Kevin Banks, played by Lynette McMorrough and David Moran.
Crossroads began its run on Monday 2 November 1964.
It was shown five days a week.
The episodes were recorded as live, a common practice at the time, with few opportunities for retakes.
Within a few months, 10 of the ITV companies had started broadcasting the series.
Granada never screened it during the 1960s.
The Independent Television Authority (ITA) decreed in 1967 that Crossroads should be reduced to four episodes per week to improve its quality.
From April 1980, the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA), commercial television's regulator, decided production should be reduced further to three episodes a week.
The chairman of the IBA Lady Plowden described the soap opera as distressingly popular.
Viewers reacted negatively at the dismissal of Gordon in 1981, an action taken by head of programming Charles Denton.
He became a national hate figure.
ATV lost its ITV franchise at the end of 1981.
It was ordered by the IBA to reform into Central Independent Television.
It took over the franchise on 1 January 1982.
It was thought to have little enthusiasm for the programmes it inherited.
In 1994, Carlton Television bought Central Television.
The story where original character Adam Chance murders ex-wife Jill Harvey three months into the new series' was unpopular with fans.
Jane Rossington said she did not want to commit herself to another long run in the show, but warned Carlton it would be suicidal to kill Jill.
Yvon Grace admitted she was aiming the new Crossroads towards the LGBT TV audience.
The fictional Crossroads Motel was in a fictional village near Birmingham called Kings Oak.
There are real suburbs in south-west Birmingham called Kings Heath, Kings Norton and Selly Oak).
A number of real-life hotels doubled for location filming.
The 1982 Crossroads Special said that the Longshoot Motel in Nuneaton) was used in designing the motel.
It is likely that some scenes were filmed there.
In 2008, Network DVD started to release all the surviving episodes in transmission order through its website.
The first set of 16 episodes was released in January 2008 and contained some episodes not available on earlier DVD releases.
Theodor Wagner (6 August 1927 – 21 January 2020) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as a striker mainly for SC Wacker Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Nizhnekamsky District is a district of Tatarstan.
It lies near the Kama (Chulman) River.
Tatar, Russian, Chuvash and other people live in Nizhnekamsky District.
There is a famous Holy Spring in Krasny Klyuch near the town of Nizhnekamsk.
Veteran voice cast Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Josh Gad, Jonathan Groff, and Ciarán Hinds return as their previous characters, and they are joined by newcomers Sterling K.
Brown, Evan Rachel Wood, Alfred Molina, Martha Plimpton, Jason Ritter, Rachel Matthews, and Jeremy Sisto.
In May 2020, police officers in Minneapolis, Minnesota killed an unarmed black man called George Floyd while they were arresting him.
There were weeks of protests all over the world against police brutality and racism.
Experts said they were worried protesters and police could spread SARS-CoV-2 to each other.
Other experts said some of the reasons that the protests were so big was because non-white people were being killed by COVID-19 more than white people were, because poor leadership in the COVID-19 crisis reminded them of poor leadership about racism, and because the lockdowns shut down workplaces and other things.
This meant people had more time to protest.
The virus started the 2019–20 coronavirus outbreak.
The first suspected cases were reported to the WHO on December 31, 2019.
The chairman and CEO of the company that makes remdesivir, David O'Day, said that remdesivir might work better in some patients than in others and asked scientists to perform many different kinds of studies.
The marshes are one of the last examples of semi-natural wetland in Greater London.
They contain many plants such as neutral grassland types, sedge marsh, reed swamp, sallow scrub and areas of tall herb vegetation.
Plants and animals that are rare in other parts of London live here.
This table shows the populations of the countries, not the number of French speakers.
The newspaper started as the Birmingham Daily Mail in 1870.
Alan Gerald Sieroty (December 13, 1930 – March 16, 2024) is an American Democratic politician.
He was born in Los Angeles.
He was a member of the California Assembly from 1967 to 1977 and of the California Senate from 1977 through 1982.
Terrence Butcher, played by Matthew Macfadyen, is in charge of the anti-terrorist division.
In its positioning of an incompetent in charge of others, The Brittas Empire mined the traditional vein of TV humour (e.g., Dad's Army or Are You Being Served)?.
Yet it also had an element of absurdism...which gave it an appeal to younger viewers.
At a stretch the show could also be viewed as a critique of the managerial class which expanded in the Thatcherite eighties.
A show for all the couch.
In June 1992, during the Bosnian War, the Serbs living in nearby villages, (namely Podpeć, Tinja, Jasenica, Srebrenik, Gornji Lukavac) were forced to go to Smoluća Gornja by the Bosnian army.
After that, Smoluća came under siege by the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This meant that it had no water, food, electricity, or medicine.
The Bosniak and Croat forces would not let the Red Cross in to the village.
They did not let any food or medicine in, and they did not let sick and wounded people leave.
During the siege, from June 18 to August 27, 1992, 50 Serbs were killed in the Smoluća area, and 149 in nearby villages.
After the siege ended on August 29 1992, Smoluća was robbed and burned by Bosniak and Croat forces.
Jane Slavin (born 11 March 1970) is an English actress and novelist.
Slavin was the winner of the 1989 BBC Radio Drama Carleton Hobbs Award.
She has appeared on television in Lewis, Doctors, Peak Pratice, Cathy Jordan, Ward Sister in the ITV medical drama series Always and Everyone, Wendy Neeson in Coronation Street, the Doctor Who full-cast radio drama The Paradise of Death, The Bill, Wycliffe, Mairget, Clocking Off, Casualty and Heartbeat.
A S'more is a snack food eaten during camping trips, because you can put the marshmallow on a stick and cook it over a campfire.
They are made using a graham cracker, chocolate, and a marshmallow.
S'mores can have around 268 calories, but it can change if you use different kinds of chocolate, marshmallows, or graham crackers.
Jeffrey Tayor of Stagescreen Productions had the idea of a modern version of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde in the mid-1990s.
He attempted to get it produced in the United States, but all three attempts fell through.
He returned to England and joined with Hartswood Films when Elaine Cameron was looking for ideas for a supernatural thriller.
Cameron approached Steven Moffat for a script.
A six-part series was commissioned by the BBC's Jane Tranter and John Yorke in November 2005.
James Jackson of The Times rated the first episode four out of five stars, calling Nesbitt's performance as Hyde as entertainingly [over the top] as a dozen Doctor Who villains, with a palpable sense of menace to boot.
The conspiracy plot is praised as a storyline that separates this series from other adaptations.
The Daily Telegraph's Stephen Pile criticised the script for veering between Hammer horror and larky humour.
James Walton called the first episode a combination of a good yarn with several nicely thoughtful touches.
David Cornelius of DVDTalk said six episodes, 300 minutes, not a single one of them wasted.
'Jekyll' is this year's finest television event.
Gill was known for his albums such as Entertainment!
(1979) and Solid Gold (1981) and hit singles such as At Home He's a Tourist, Damaged Goods, Anthrax, What We All Want and I Love a Man in a Uniform.
Clipperton Island is an uninhabited atoll in the Pacific Ocean, off the coast of Central America.
It is about in size, and is an overseas territory of France.
In Spanish, it is known as Isla de la Pasión.
It is about from Acapulco.
The nearest French settlements is Papeete, away.
Paris is away.
Clipperton Island is about south-east of Socorro Island in the Revillagigedo Archipelago, which is the nearest land.
Peter Brimelow was born in England in 1947.
He and his twin brother studied at the University of Sussex and at Stanford University.
He moved to Toronto and worked as an editor for a Canadian newspaper called the Financial Post and for a Canadian magazine called Maclean’s.
In 1978, he started working for a Republican United States Senator named Orrin Hatch.
In 1980, Brimelow moved to New York and started working for American magazines.
He was the editor of Forbes Magazine from 1986 to 2002.
During the years 1962-1967 Kylián studied at the Prague Conservatory.
One teacher of the Conservatory, who left a deep mark on Kylián´s professional development, was Zora Šemberová, known for her world´s first interpretation of Juliet (1938) in Prokofiev’s famous ballet.
The President of the Senate () is one of the 75 members of the Senate of the Netherlands and is elected to lead its meetings and be its representative.
Kinetics is the branch of mechanics which deals with the motion of bodies by considering the causes of motions.
In this branch we study that how the body moves and why?
This table shows only the list of movements.
The source of each movement is cited in its own section.
The population of each area is provided for information only.
This table shows only the list of movements.
The source of each movement is cited in its own section.
The population of each area is provided for information only.
Melikdom was founded in the last quarter of the 15th century.
Melik Haykaz I, the founder of the Melik-Haykazyan dynasty, the youngest branch of the Armenian princely dynasty of Proshyan, became its founder.
Prior to the Aikazyan, the Kashatag region was ruled by the clan of Shahurnetsi and before them by the Orbelian family.
Aikaz I was succeeded by a son, Ahnazar I.
Ahnazar died in 1551, his grave survived until the 1930s.
The palace of Akhnazar in Khnatsakh has survived to this day.
The most prominent representative of the genus was Melik Aikaz II, who owned Melik rights from 1551 to 1623 and was an active supporter of the Iranian orientation during the Turkish-Persian wars for the possession of Transcaucasia.
Arakel of Tabriz mentions him as one of the noble Armenians and advisers at the court of Shah of Iran Abbas I.
According to historian M.
Asratyan, due to the brutal policies of the Ottoman Empire during the temporary occupation of Transcaucasia, in the 1580s or 90s, Aykaz II left his possessions and lived in exile in Iran for 10-15 years.
After the reconquest of the region by Iran and the crowding out of Turkish troops, in 1606-1607, as one of the loyal supporters of the Shah, Aykaz II was not only restored to his rights to Kashatag but also received some possessions beyond its borders.
We have reached the decree(ferman) of Shah Abbas I with a listing of the services provided by Melik for Shah authorities.
The decree(ferman) himself has no date, but the date 999 of the hijra (that is, 1590/1591) is indicated on the seal of Abbas I.
The names of Aikaz I, Ahnazar I, Aikaz II and their descendants are found in tombstones preserved on gravestones of the 16th – 18th centuries.
On behalf of Melikdom of Kashatag, which were belonged to the Aykazyan family, a document written in Persian in 1691-92 was preserved.
It includes the joint appeal of Melik Akhnazar and his subordinate village headmen(in Armenian tanuter, in Persian kedhuda), addressed to the Shah’s court.
In the document, they appoint as their authorized representatives the son of melik Akhnazar, Ilyas (Elias), and one of the elders, Hikor, who were supposed to present the problems arising in the region to the Shah’s court and defend the interests of the local population.
Binky is Arthur's bully in the show.
The movie's soundtrack has twelve of Judy Garland's most popular songs.
Tedros was born in Asmara, Eritrea.
He gained his Ph.D.
degree in Community Health from the University of Nottingham in 2000.
The Kingdom of Aksum (), also known as the Kingdom of Axum or the Aksumite Empire, was an ancient kingdom centered in what is now Eritrea and the Tigray Region of northern Ethiopia.
Axumite Emperors were powerful sovereigns, styling themselves King of kings, king of Aksum, Himyar, Raydan, Saba, Salhen, Tsiyamo, Beja and of Kush.
The Persian Gulf naming dispute is about the name of the body of water known historically and internationally as the Persian Gulf (), after the land of Persia (the old Name of Iran.
This name has changed by some Arab countries since the 1960s, there was no act until the early 1960s does a major new development occur with the adoption by the Arab states bordering on the Gulf of the new expression al-Khalīj al-ʻArabī as a weapon against Iran for political influence in the Gulf.
In 2011, Snake produced an album for Lady Gaga.
He also co-produced the Lady Gaga songs Applause and Do What U Want featuring R.
Kelly.
On December 18, 2016, Cabello announced that she would be leaving Fifth Harmony, which was confirmed by the group in a statement.
The four members decided to still perform together.
Promontory forts can be found all along the coast of Penwith.
Maen Castle, near to Land's End is one of the oldest, having been dated to around 500 BC.
They are also found in other districts, e.g.
The Rumps near Padstow and Dodman Point on the southern Cornish coast as well as Rame Head close to Plymouth.
In Devon, Burgh Island and Bolt Tail are located on the south coast and Embury Beacon and Hillsborough on the north coast.
Kizito Mihigo (25 July 1981 – 17 February 2020) was a Rwandan gospel singer, songwriter, organist, composer of sacred music, television presenter, genocide survivor, and peace and reconciliation activist.
Government of Kerala, India is a notable Online Geographer and a Web Cartographer and well known for his contribution.
T.I.'s sixth album, Paper Trail (2008), became his most successful album to date.
It sold 568,000 copies in the United States in its first-week sales and became T.I.'s third chart topping album in a row.
It included three international hit singles Whatever You Like, Live Your Life (featuring Rihanna) and Dead and Gone.
During his career, T.I.
has won three Grammy Awards.
His musical influences are Lil Wayne, YoungBloodz, and more.
T.I.
is called the King of the South.
He was involved in judo for more than 70 years, and was ranked hachi-dan (eighth-degree black belt), making him one of the highest ranked Canadian judoka.
In 2002 he was decorated by the Emperor of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure.
He was added into the Judo Canada Hall of Fame in 1998.
The extreme luminosity is by the CNO process.
It is 230 times the mass of the Sun and 5,623,000 times more luminous.
This is a list of awards and honours given to Nelson Mandela.
Aontú (Irish , unite) is an all-Ireland political party.
It was formally created in January 2019.
It operates in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Zeeman studied physics at the University of Leiden under Kamerlingh Onnes and Hendrik Lorentz.
In 1890, even before finishing his thesis, he became Lorentz's assistant.
This allowed him to take part in research on the Kerr effect.
In 1893 he submitted his doctoral thesis on the Kerr effect, the reflection of polarized light on a magnetized surface.
He then went for six months to Friedrich Kohlrausch's institute in Strasbourg.
In 1895, Zeeman came back from Strasbourg to teach mathematics and physics in Leiden.
He married Johanna Elisabeth Lebret (1873–1962); they had three daughters and one son.
Su-Elise Nash (born Su-Elise Michelle Nash on 22 May 1981 to parents) is a British R&B singer.
She rose to prominence as a member of the female group Mis-Teeq.
7 / 4 = 1 R 3 -- since we have a remainder of 3, we have to carry this down.
38 / 4 = 9 R 2 -- we carry our remainder of 2 down.
4 / 12 = 0 R 0 -- we cannot perform this division as 4<12, so we have to carry our dividend like a remainder.
46 / 12 = 3 R 10 -- we carry our remainder of 10 down.
1 / 8 = 0 R 0 -- we cannot perform this division as 1<8, so we have to carry our dividend like a remainder.
12 / 8 = 1 R 4 -- we carry our remainder of 4 down.
A rail line still services the ports area of Devonport.
Cilician pirates dominated the Mediterranean Sea from the 2nd century BC until their suppression by Pompey in 6766 BC.
Because there were notorious pirate strongholds in Cilicia, on the southern coast of Asia Minor, the term Cilician was used to refer to any pirates in the Mediterranean.
The Fargo tornado was a deadly F5 tornado that struck Fargo, North Dakota, on Thursday, June 20, 1957.
The tornado was part of a larger system of storms that resulted in five separate tornadoes in the immediate region.
The Children's Blizzard, also known as the Schoolchildren's Blizzard, School Children's Blizzard, or Schoolhouse Blizzard, was a severe blizzard that hit the U.S.
plains states on January 12, 1888.
The blizzard came unexpectedly on a relatively warm day, and many people were caught unaware, including children in one-room schoolhouses.
Farmers' lives and work became even worse when about 20,000 emus arrived.
Emus regularly migrate (move from one area to another in big groups) after breeding each year.
They return to the coast from inland areas.
Western Australian farmers had cleared more land and made water supplies for their livestock and crops better.
The emus went to the settlers' farms.
They were good places for the emus to live.
Emus began to move into farms.
Many moved into the farms around Chandler and Walgoolan.
The emus ate and ruined the crops.
They also made large holes in fences where rabbits could enter and cause more problems.
After the withdrawal, Major Meredith compared the emus to Zulus and commented on the striking maneuverability (ability to move quickly and carefully) of the emus, even while badly hurt.
Fourteen seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament.
Ten of these vacancies were filled through by-elections, and four seats remained vacant when the 1997 federal election was called.
Ten seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament.
All of these vacancies were filled through by-elections.
27 seats became vacant during the life of the Parliament.
12 of these vacancies were filled through by-elections, and 15 seats remained vacant when the 1984 federal election was called.
Overall voter turnout was 66.00%.
xx - less than 0.05% of the popular vote.
The local sheriff took the man into custody for his protection.
The wild man caught the imagination and attention of thousands of onlookers and curiosity seekers.
Professors at the University of California, Berkeley, Museum of Anthropology—now the Phoebe A.
Hearst Museum of Anthropology (PAHMA)—read about him and brought him to the university.
Studied by the university, Ishi also worked as a janitor and lived in an apartment at the museum for most of the remaining five years of his life.
In June 1915, he lived in Berkeley with the anthropologist Thomas Talbot Waterman and his family.
In Night in the Woods the player takes the role of Mae Borowski, who has quit college and comes back to her parents' house in Possum Springs, which used to be a mining town.
Mae aims to reconnect with her old friends and continue her previous life.
She finds that home has changed and that her friends changed too.
Strange things begin to happen to Mae.
Net Nanny is a content-control software created by Gordon Ross in 1994 that allows parents to monitor and control their children's phones, tablets, and PCs.
It also can block desktop games.
Its built-up (or metro) area made of Surakarta Municipality and 59 districts spread on 7 regencies was home to 3,649,254 inhabitants as of 2010 census.
9 year-old American Asha Degree disappeared from her North Carolina home in a storm in the middle of the night in February 2000.
Antonín Kachlík (26 February 1923 – 20 April 2022) is a Czech movie director and screenwriter.
He directed 21 movies between 1948 and 1987.
In 1973, he was a member of the jury at the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.
Spin Master has developed the show into a media franchise and released an ongoing line of toys based on it.
PAW Patrol toy sales have generated millions of dollars in revenue for the corporation and increased Spin Master's presence in the preschool toy market.
The show, and its associated products, have received a variety of awards and nominations from associations such as the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television and the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Amir Abedini () is an Iranian politician, football club chairman, former professional footballer and member of the City Council of Tehran.
During 1980s, he held office as governor of three provinces under Government of Mir-Hossein Mousavi (1981–89).
Abedini is a self-described Mousavi[-like] left-winger politician.
In 1997, he endorsed Ali Akbar Nategh-Nouri for president.
The Pahlavi dynasty (Persian: سلسله پهلوی) is the last Iranian royal dynasty, ruling for almost 54 years between 1925 and 1979.
The dynasty was founded by Reza Shah, a Mazanderani soldier.
The dynasty took on the name of the Pahlavi language spoken in the pre-Islamic Sasanian Empire in order to strengthen his nationalist credentials.
Abedzadeh was unable to obtain a work permit in UK and after briefly returning to Iran and training with Iran Pro League side Steel Azin, where his father was a coach, to keep himself on form, he moved to the United States in 2011, and signed for the Los Angeles Blues in the USL Pro, where his father was an assistant coach.
He made his debut on 7 June 2011, playing for Los Angeles Blues 23 (LA Blues' reserve team) in a USL Premier Development League game against Orange County Blue Star.
He made 8 saves but conceded 5 goals, and was also shown a yellow card.
On 5 November 2017, Abedzadeh was called into the Iran national team for the first time for friendlies against Panama and Venezuela.
In June 2018, he was named in Iran's final squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Abshak starts his career with Sepidrood youth team.
In 2007, after playing 3 seasons for Sepidrood, he joined Pegah that just got promoted to Iran Pro League, but could not play a single game for them because of army services, so he joined Fajr Gilan instead.
The colors indicate the political party affiliation of each individual.
The Commonwealth was inaugurated on November 15, 1935 at Manila, and ended upon independence on July 4, 1946.
The Second Republic was inaugurated on October 14, 1943 in Manila, and ended when President Jose P.
Laurel dissolved the republic on August 17, 1945, in Tokyo.
The Third Republic started when independence was granted by the Americans on July 4, 1946, and ended upon the imposition of martial law by President Ferdinand Marcos on September 21, 1972.
President Ferdinand Marcos ruled by decree when he declared martial law on September 21, 1972.
He inaugurated the New Society after a new constitution was ratified on January 17, 1973.
He declared the Fourth Republic on January 17, 1981, after martial law was lifted.
Brazilianite is a typically yellow-green phosphate mineral, most commonly found in phosphate-rich pegmatites.
It was originally found in Brazil, and was named after the country in which it was first found.
Here is a hello world program in Rust.
// Define entry point.
Here is an example of how to declare a variable, change its value and print its value to the console.
// Define entry point.
Here is an example of using `if`, `else if` and `else` conditionals in Rust.
// Define entry point.
Here is an example of loops in Rust.
// Define entry point.
Here is an example of functions in Rust.
// Define entry point.
In Rust, functions are declared with the `fn` keyword.
Parameters are put into the parantheses.
The return type is put after the parantheses and hyphen and right angle-bracket.
A naval ensign is a flag used by warships to show which country they belong to.
Sometimes a naval ensign is called a war ensign.
Armington is located at (40.339078, -89.313741).
Pool is a department of the Republic of the Congo in the southeastern part of the country.
The capital is Kinkala.
Even frogs that did not come from the same ancestor evolved big, spiky skulls if they ate the same other animals: usually animals almost as big as they were, like birds and mice.
Scientists say this is because big, strong skulls let the frogs have big mouths and strong jaws that are good for catching big prey.
On March 7, 2022, new and additional dates were announced.
The total number of shows was raised from six to 15.
The fourth season of The Loud House released on May 27, 2019 with the episode Friended with the Casagrandes.
It ended on July 23, 2020 with the episode Coupe Dreams.
Ayvazyan focused on Daredevils of Sassoun, the works of Hovhannes Tumanyan, and created many portraits, landscapes, seascapes.
His works can be found in many churches and museums including Lazar galley, House-Museum of Aram Khachaturian.
Because computers and cell phones are used more now, marketing has changed.
Now businesses are using the Internet to market their product or services.
Vändåtberget is a nature reserve in Västernorrland County in Sweden.
It is 50 kilometres northwest of the town Örnsköldsvik.
The reserve was established in 1989 and has an area of 3.45 km.
Yukhari-Karabakh economic region is one of 10 regions in Azerbaijan.
The department is divided into 16 provinces.
These are then divided into municipalities and then cantons.
In chemistry, a delocalized electron is an electron in a molecule, ion or solid metal that is not associated with a single atom or a covalent bond.
Sokurov is a member of the Union of Russian writers.
He was the founder of the Russian society named after A.
Pushkin in the Carpathians, the Russian cultural center in Lviv.
Belgrade is a city in Montana in the United States.
It is in Gallatin County.
In 2020, 10,460 people lived there.
As of July 2007, there are 18 mukims, or subdistricts.
Poilane graduated from École Polytechnique.
He also graduated from Télécom ParisTech with a Master's degree.
He has a career in telecommunications.
In 1989, he moved to higher education by joining Telecom Bretagne as Deputy Manager.
President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud took office on 16 September 2012, after being elected by the presidential election held on 10 September 2012.
In 2010, there were 3,882 people, 1,749 households, and 1,062 families living in Fairway.
The population density was .
95.3% of the people were White, 0.8% were African American, 0.3% were Native American, 1.4% were Asian, 0.7% were from other races, and 1.4% were from two or more races.
3.0% of the people were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) is an US-based professional non-profit organization of applied mathematicians who are working in the field of education and research of applied mathematics.
They do so with publishing textbooks and academic journals, holding academic conferences, and giving awards to experts of applied mathematics.
SIAM has published many textbooks for various fields in applied mathematics.
For example, they have literature for approximation theory, numerical analysis, numerical linear algebra, and optimization.
This list shows the IUCN Red List status of mammal species living in Azerbaijan.
One species is endangered, five are vulnerable, and 11 are near threatened.
The United Kingdom approved the Pfizer vaccine before the European Union or United States did.
They began giving it to people on December 8, 2020.
The United States began giving people the vaccine on December 14, starting with health care workers in New York City.
By April 2021, several vaccines were in use around the world and hundreds of millions of people had been vaccinated.
The company Sinopharm belongs to the government of China.
It is an inactivated virus vaccine.
EASIAM (East Asia Section of SIAM) is the eastern Asian branch of the US-based Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
EASIAM is aiming to advance studies of applied mathematics (such as optimization and numerical analysis) in eastern Asia.
International Symposium on Scientific Computing, Computer Arithmetic, and Validated Numerics (abbreviated as SCAN) is an international conference about numerical analysis (such as numerical integration, numerical linear algebra, numerical methods for partial differential equations, interval arithmetic and validated numerics etc)..
It is held once in 2 years.
Lakewood experiences a semiarid climate (Köppen BSk) with winters tha fluctuate between mild to cold and snowy while summers are warm to hot, with great temperature differences (about 30°F) between day and night year round.
Precipitation happens mostly in the spring and summer.
He wrote mainly about his ideas and in Finland was a well known free-thinker.
Linkola was a fisherman from 1959 to 1995.
He fished on Keitele, Päijänne and Gulf of Finland, and beginning in 1978 he fished on Vanajavesi.
Towns (Städte) are indicated in boldface; market towns (Marktgemeinden) in italics; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .
Livingston County is a county in the U.S.
state of Michigan.
As of the 2020 census, the population was 193,866.
It is part of the Detroit-Warren-Dearborn, MI Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Towns are in boldface; market towns in italics; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Towns are in boldface; market towns in italics; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Towns are in boldface; market towns in italics; suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are in .
Hallein is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria.
It is congruent with the Tennengau region.
Sankt Johann im Pongau is an administrative district in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria.
It is congruent with the Pongau region.
The regions of Chad are divided into 61 departments.
The following is a list of departments grouped by region.
Shown next to each department is its population as of 2009, the name of its capital or main town, and a list of sub-prefectures.
On June 11, 1936, Machen and a group of conservative ministers, elders, and laymen met in Philadelphia to form the Presbyterian Church of America (not to be confused with the Presbyterian Church in America, or PCA, which came about decades later).
Machen was elected as the first moderator.
The PCUSA filed suit against the denomination for its choice of name.
In 1939, the denomination adopted its current name, the Orthodox Presbyterian Church.
Calvin's doctrines continued to develop after his death, and an evolution of them was set forth by a 17th-century assembly of British theologians in the Westminster Standards (which include the Westminster Confession of Faith and the Westminster Larger Catechism|Larger and Westminster Shorter Catechism|Shorter Catechisms).
The OPC holds to the Westminster Standards with the American revisions of 1788.
In 1993, the denomination petitioned then President Bill Clinton to continue to disallow homosexuals to serve in the military.
According to the petition, homosexuality is a reproach to any nation.
It undermines the family, and poses a substantial threat to the general health, safety and welfare of our citizens.
The petition claims that AIDS and other diseases are spread through homosexual conduct.
Most objections to and attacks on Calvinism focus on the five points of Calvinism, also called the doctrines of grace, and remembered by the mnemonic TULIP.
The five points are popularly said to summarize the Canons of Dort; however, there is no historical relationship between them, and some scholars argue that their language distorts the meaning of the Canons, Calvin's theology, and the theology of 17th-century Calvinistic orthodoxy, particularly in the language of total depravity and limited atonement.
The five points were popularized in the 1963 booklet The Five Points of Calvinism Defined, Defended, Documented by David N.
Steele and Curtis C.
Thomas.
The origins of the five points and the acronym are uncertain, but the acronym was used by Cleland Boyd McAfee as early as circa 1905.
An early printed appearance of the T-U-L-I-P acronym is in Loraine Boettner's 1932 book, The Reformed Doctrine of Predestination.
The acronym was very cautiously if ever used by Calvinist apologists and theologians before the booklet by Steele and Thomas.
More recently, theologians have sought to reformulate the TULIP acronym to more accurately reflect the Canons of Dort.
The Music of Black Origin Awards (MOBO Awards) is an awards ceremony established in 1995 by Kanya King.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973.
An NAACP Image Award is an accolade presented by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to honor outstanding people of color in film, television, music, and literature.
The Chicago Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony for music artist professionals to get recognized for their talents and hard work.
Ephraim Martin, CMA President, is the founder.
The Billboard Music Award is an honor given by Billboard magazine, the preeminent publication covering the music business.
The Billboard Music Awards show had been held annually in December until it went dormant in 2007, but it returned in May 2011.
By Billboard Music Award.
The iheartRadio award honors the biggest Artists and Songs of the year.
1678 Elena Cornaro Piscopia became to receive an academic degree from a university, and the first to receive a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
She went on to be a lecturer at the University of Padua in mathematics..
Bakery: Popular, Celebrations etc.
In the original format, a contestant was shown 10 faces.
They have to name them all in order to win 10 million baht.
It was the first game show to have a ten million baht jackpot, the highest at the time.
The show has won a number of awards from many institutions in Thailand and Asia, including runner-up and highly commended of best game or quiz programme in the Asian Television Awards of 2003 and 2005, respectively.
El Mdou is a village in the south of Tunisia located eight kilometers west of Gabès and dependent on the governorate of Gabès.
The movie never mentioned in the Bible that Jacob’s oldest son is Reuben.
Multiculturalism in Canada is a very important part of the culture of Canada.
Beginning in the 1970s and 1980s, the Canadian government officially began pushing for multiculturalism in policy.
Because of this, the federal government has sometimes been called the instigator (or starters) of multiculturalism being an ideology.
They often try to bring attention to the importance of immigration to Canada.
Abhimanyu was the son of arjuna.
He is described as a great person in the epic mahabharata.
He was one of the youngest warrior to be killed in the war.
Besides Arjun from pandavas side he knew about the chakravayuh but not completely.
It was the reason of his fall.
His uncles tried to save him but after each obstacle in the chakravayuh everyone was left behind.
He was the only one to reach in the middle.
Baranwal (also spelled Barnwal, Burnwal, Vernwal, Baranwal, Varnwal, Barnawal) is a Hindu community found throughout northern India, including Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Gujarat along with a sprinkled presence in Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh.
The name of the caste derives from Baran or Barn, a former name of the Bulandshahr city.
The community derives from ancient legendary king The legends describe the ancestry of Ahibaran as follows: The children of King Dharmadat established their separate state, whose children are now called Bais Rajputs.
King Harshavardhana was in his lineage.[6] The child of the eldest son Subhankar continued to rule in his native state, Chandravati.[1] Their offspring were King Tendumal and his descendant Maharaja Varaksh who took the side of religion in the war of Mahabharata and died by becoming a partisan of Pandavas.[7] The remaining people left Chandravati and came to North India due to the storm in Chandravati.[2] The clan of Maharaja Varaksha laid the foundation of his kingdom in a place called 'Ahar' in the presence of the Emperor of Hastinapur.[8] In the generation of Maharaja Varaksha, King Parmal descendants from him.[9] King Ahibaran born to King Parmal.
King Ahibaran was married to Varanavati, the daughter of Khandav's King, who lives in a dense forest of selection trees located in the western part of the Ikshumati River in Antravredi.[10]Ahibaran.
He suffered various troubles as one of the leaders of the local Confucian society among the rioters and strong points of the Japanese imperialism's occupation after the end of the turbulent period of Joseon Dynasty.
Wem is a small market town in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, England.
It is situated 9 miles north of the county town of Shrewsbury.
Now, the town has a population of 5,142.
Each year, Wem holds a traditional town carnival which is held on the first Saturday of September, as well as the Sweet Pea Festival on the third weekend of July.
Zaghwan (or Zaghouan; ) is a town in the northern half of Tunisia.
Ashley Mattingly (September 10, 1986 – April 15, 2020) was an American model.
She was the Playboy Playmate of the Month for March 2011.
Mattingly was born in Dallas, Texas.
He is partly based on the English actor Terry-Thomas.
Pointe à la Hache ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Shrewsbury Castle is a medieval castle located in the county town of Shrewsbury in Shropshire, England.
It is built out of red sandstone and stands on a hill in the neck of the meander of the River Severn.
It is directly above Shrewsbury railway station and is a Grade I listed building.
Llandudno () is a town, seaside resort and community in the Conwy County Borough, Wales.
It is located on the Creuddyn Peninsula, which protrudes into the Irish Sea, in the historic county of Caernarfonshire.
The community currently has a population of 20,701.
It was specifically built as a mid-Victorian era holiday destination.
The town's main modern-day attractions include the Great Orme Tramway, Llandudno Pier and Venue Cymru.
Dr.
Peter Neil Galgut, PhD is a British periodontist and lecturer based out of London, England.
Galgut was named UK National Dentist of the Year Award in 2010 and in 2013.
Galgut has published several peer reviewed research papers on Periodontology.
The AGA publishes a weekly online newsletter, The American Go E-Journal, and an annual Yearbook.
They maintains a national rating system and organizes national events, The US Go Congress and AGA City League.
They also select North American representatives in international tournaments; and support their members as they promote Go in their communities.
AGA also holds a youth summer camp that includes instruction from professional players.
In December 2011, The AGA made a new professional players system for the US and Canada.
Their certification system is open to US and Canadian citizens via invitation.
In recognition of this movement, several Asian professional tournaments have invited AGA professionals.
Comparative flame test of airplanes made of cellulose, carbon buckypaper and inorganic boron nitride nanotube buckypaper.
The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties is a subcommittee within the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Kvemo Kartli is a region in Georgia.
The capital city is Rustavi.
Democrats net gained of 41 seats in the United States House of Representatives, gaining a majority in the chamber.
This ended the control that the Republican Party had over the entire legislature.
The Republican Party kept control of the United States Senate, making a net gain of two seats and defeating four Democratic incumbents in states that had voted for Trump in 2016.
In the state elections, Democrats gained seven state governorships, control of at least 350 state legislative seats, and control of six state legislative chambers.
India census, Ezhumattoor had a population of 11,423 with 5,540 males and 5,883 females.
Summer: February–April, daytime temperatures up to 28 °C.
but can drop to 20 °C at night.
The miracles of Jesus are things the Bible and Qur'an say that Jesus did, that a person normally cannot do.
Followers of those religions say, that Jesus did those things by the power of God.
The Gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke record many of these stories.
The most common ones are healing people who are sick, blind, lame or deaf.
In many cases, the sicknesses or other problems are said to be caused by demons.
Jesus said, that he had power over the demons, and so He could stop their evil work.
The enemies of Jesus told him to do miracles to show, that He had supernatural power, but He refused.
However, for his followers, he did several miracles that showed His power.
These included stopping a storm in the sea, walking on water and making a tree die.
Rennes-le-Château is a member of the Limouxin community of communes.
It was founded in 1923 through the merger of the School of Medicine (established 1903) and the Institute of Law (established 1913).
Until 1958 it was named the Syrian University, but the name changed after the founding of the University of Aleppo.
There are nine public universities and more than ten private ones in Syria.
Damascus University was one of the most reputable universities in the Middle East before the Syrian civil war since 2011.
They were happy for many months, though she still only came to him at night and left at dawn.
In time she became pregnant.
No one else could see her, though, and therefore he was mocked by the people around him.
They grew suspicious of this wife they had never seen, and the daughter who in some tellings was already born.
He tried to tell them that his wife left him each morning at first light, so they suggested that he should block up the doors and windows so she could not see the sun.
Finally after more mockery, he was convinced to block the sunlight after she came to him, so that she could not see the sun in the morning, then he could prove she existed.
That night, Uenuku blocked all the places in his house that would shine the daylight.
In the morning, she felt betrayed when she realised he had tricked her.
She went back to the sky and left him for as long as he lived.
Ibrahim Muhammad Abu Arab (Arabic: إبراهيم محمد صالح; 1931, Nazareth - March 3, 2014, Homs) was a Palestinian poet.
-Shecera was born in the village.
After the occupation of the village by the army, first Kefer Kana, then moved to Arrabetu'l-Butuf.
After staying there for two months, he emigrated to Lebanon and then to Syria.
Standard medical books of course have sections on the human kidney and the human water regulation.
The complex details of hormone interaction is not covered in this brief summary.
Faculty includes a total of 12 male teachers and a female teacher, there're 03 teachers above age 55 and 11 teachers are graduate and above, 12 teachers with professional qualifications.
A tourniquet is a tightly-compressed bandage used to stop bleeding.
A tourniquet does this by stopping the flow of blood through a large artery in a limb.
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation began to investigate William Bryan.
A lawyer for Arbery's family said that Bryan must have been helping the McMichaels chase Arbery.
In a police report made the day of the shooting, Gregory McMichael told a Glynn County police officer that Bryan had tried to stop Arbery from running away from them.
In late May, Bryan was arrested and charged with criminal attempt to commit false imprisonment and felony murder.
Under U.S.
law, that means that if Bryan was helping the McMichaels commit a serious crime, then deaths that happened during that crime are Bryan's fault as well, even if he did not shoot anyone himself.
It can also be found by ordering the candidates by their number of pairwise victories minus pairwise defeats (a Copeland method ranking), and then looking for the smallest group of candidates, starting from the top, who pairwise beat all candidates not already in the group.
Vermilion is a city in Ohio in the United States.
The is a university press affiliated with the University of Tokyo in Japan.
It was founded in 1951, following the post-World War II reorganization of the university.
They received the special prize from the Japan foundation in 1990.
Camp Jupiter is the Roman camp for demigods portrayed in the book series The Heroes of Olympus by Rick Riordan.
The camp is located in Oakland hills California.
Romulus and Remus as you may know, made Rome Their culture became more disciplined and militaristic, which the gods adapted producing demigods different from those conceived by the Greek aspects.
A rivalry developed between the Greek and Romans, which subsequently lead to many conflicts..
After the fall of Rome the 12th legion made Camp Jupiter.
These wars mirrored the mortal conflicts.
Because of the tremendous death toll, the gods decided to completely separate their children to avoid further bloodshed by weaving the Mist so that the two rival groups forgot each other and would ensure that it would remain so ever since.
Until the book: The Son of Neptune.
The number of new cases grew sharply, until reaching about 350 per day on 22 March.
The numbers stayed around 350, and then started falling at the beginning of April.
At the end of April it was under 20 cases per day.
As of , cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and people have died of COVID-19.
, Italy has 78,457 active cases, one of the highest in the world.
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to the United Kingdom in late January 2020.
As of , cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and people have died of COVID-19.
After Vongfong, a month of inactivity ensued, and on June 10, a new tropical depression formed off the coast of Samar, and was named Butchoy by the PAGASA a day later.
Butchoy made landfall in the Philippines as the JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert for it.
It then got upgraded to a tropical storm, and impacted Hong Kong, Macau and parts of China upon landfall.
Norway had performed 208,874 tests and reported 8,168 confirmed cases and 229 deaths.
By 25 June 2021, the Department of Health had confirmed 270,477 cases and 4,989 deaths; a rate of 54,184 cases per million and 999 deaths per million population.
The first three known cases were reported on 7 March 2020 by the country's epidemiology institute IEDCR.
Infections remained low until the end of March but saw a large rise in April.
The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Azerbaijan when its first case was confirmed in February 2020.
The first confirmed case of the COVID-19 pandemic in Kuwait was announced on 24 February 2020.
Since 31 August 1991 the president is also the head of government, as the position of Prime Minister was abolished in the last months of Kaunda's presidential term.
The theatre has since evolved to being a hub of multi-faceted and multi-cultural activities hosting classics, new writing, international plays from overseas companies, live Greek music events , and Greek tragedies and is embedded as a vital part of London`s multi-cultural lanscape .
Areas involved: Isa Khel, Daud Khel, Kalabagh and some areas of Mianwali Tehsil.
It was created in 1938.
AEI's stated goal is to defend the principles and improve the institutions of American freedom and democratic capitalism—limited government, private enterprise, individual liberty and responsibility, vigilant and effective defense and foreign policies, political accountability, and open debate.
AEI mostly believes in conservatism and neoconservatism, although it is officially non-partisan (does not officially support any political party).
Babruvahana (also known as Babhruvahana or Babhnu Vahana) is a character in Veda Vyasa's epic, the Mahabharata.
He is one of the sons of Arjuna, a Pandava.
Chitrangada, the princess of Manipur was his mother.
She bore him during the period of his (Arjuna's) exile at Manipura (refer Arjuna Vanavasa Parva of Mahabharata).
Arjuna leaves Chitrangada because Arjuna's wife Uloopi from the Naga Clan betrays him.
Uloopi was envious of Arjuna's marriage to Chitrangada.
Babruvahana was adopted as the son of his maternal grandfather and reigned at Manipur as his successor.
He dwelt there in a palace of great splendour, surrounded with wealth and signs of power.
Later he came to know Arjuna was his father, and when he came to see his father, Arjuna did not recognise him and said he was a wanderer.
He had a wife,Kimveka,from whom he had a son named Aarusha and a daughter named Aarushi.
The total prize money for the event was raised to £1,750,000 from the previous year's prize fund of £1,500,100.
The winner of the event won £375,000.
The prize money for the 2017 World Snooker Championship is shown below.
There were 58 century breaks in the TV stages of the World Championship.
For every century break made during the main tournament, Dafabet, donated £100 to the Bluebell Wood Children's Hospice.
Neil Robertson made the highest break of the event, a 140.
There were 20 century breaks in the championship, the highest until 1991.
The highest break was a 134 made by Steve Davis.
The second semi-final took place on 20 May 2021 at 21:00 (CEST).
Seventeen countries participated in the second semi-final.
Those countries plus , and the voted in this semi-final.
was originally allocated to participate in the second half of the semi-final, but withdrew from the contest due to social and political crises in the aftermath of the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war.
The next New Zealand general election will be held after the current 54th New Zealand Parliament is dissolved or expires.
The current Parliament was elected on Saturday, 14 October 2023.
The last possible date for the election to be held is Saturday, 19 December 2026.
Bennington is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, in the United States.
It is one of two shire towns (county seats) of the county, the other being Manchester.
St.
Johnsbury (known locally as St.
J) is the shire town (county seat) of Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.
The population was 7,364 at the 2020 census.
Guildhall is a town in and the shire town (county seat) of Essex County, Vermont, United States.
The population was 262 at the 2020 census.
Hyde Park is a town in and the shire town (county seat) of Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.
The population was 3,020 at the 2020 census.
Stefanía was just eighteen upon the time of her crowning.
Since 2009, there has been no Miss Universe younger than her at the time of their crowning.
The remote pictorial touch, the delicate palette, are typical Pittoni characteristics.
The work is the detail of the great painting that can be found in the National Gallery in London titled «The Nativity with God the Father and the Holy Spirit».
The painting could be a cover created for sale by Pittoni or a preparatory sketch (The Croquis) for the altarpiece as for the similar work from Berlin.
Rabie Ablak, or Rabie Al-Ablak (born 1987), is a Moroccan journalist.
He is a part of the Hirak Rif Movement.
He has been on hunger strike to protest his detention and inhumane treatment.
Spina has worked for RUR Architects and Keller Easterling in New York and Gerardo Caballero Architects.
He opened his own office Banchini + Spina Arquitectos in Rosario, Argentina (1998-2002).
At SCI-Arc, he was the coordinator of the Applied Studies Program from 2005 to 2009 and the Architectural Technologies Postgraduate Program from 2011 to 2019.
He has been a member of the Board of Trustees since 2016.
He has served on national juries and advisory boards such as The Architectural League of New York, Progressive Architecture Awards and the Mies Crown Hall Americas Prize.
He has been a visiting professor at the Universities of Pennsylvania, Syracuse, Harvard, Berkeley, Vienna, Innsbruck, and Di Tella among others.
In 2013, he was the Louis I.
Kahn visiting assistant professor of Architectural Design at Yale University School of Architecture.
The 2014 United States Senate election in Iowa took place in Iowa on November 4, 2014.
In it, Republican State Senator Joni Ernst faced off Democrat Bruce Baley.
Ernst won the election with 52.1% of the vote to Baley's 43.8%.
Many PDEs appeared for the study of physics and other areas in science.
Therefore, many mathematicians have challenged to make methods to solve them, but there is no method to mathematically solve PDEs except the Hirota direct method and the inverse scattering method.
This is why numerical methods for PDEs are needed.
Experts have discovered difference methods which preserves the property of the given PDE.
Ryogo Hirota, Mark Ablowitz and others have made methods that preserves the integrability (important mathematical property in the theory of dynamical systems) of PDEs.
These methods are known to have better accuaracy than the original FDM.
Some experts are studying their relation between numerical linear algebra.
The scientific journal Numerical Methods for Partial Differential Equations is published to promote the studies of this area.
Ronnie O'Sullivan had won the 2018 event.
O'Sullivan was beaten in the last 16 by Ding Junhui.
Ding played Stephen Maguire in the final.
Ding beat Maguire 10–6 to win his third UK championship.
A block on the periodic table is a group of elements that all have their electrons in the same atomic orbital.
There are four blocks, s-, d-, f, and p-.
The word block was first used to describe this by Charles Janet.
Robert Alfred Morley, called Bob (Kyneton, 20 December 1984) is an Australian actor known especially for his roles in the soap operas and and in the TV series , where he plays the part of Bellamy Blake.
Somis is an unincorporated community in Ventura County, California.
It was created in 1892 by Thomas Bard.
State - During the 19th century one could find the greatest variety of political forms.
Numerical methods for ordinary differential equations are computational schemes to obtain approximate solutions of ordinary differential equations (ODEs).
Phoenix Netts is a woman whose body was found hidden in two suitcases in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, near the England–Wales border in May 2020.
On Friday 15 May 2020, Gloucestershire police said A postmortem examination yesterday was found to be inconclusive and further examinations are ongoing to establish the cause of death.
DNA testing is also ongoing to identify the female victim.
Searches have continued today around the area of Stowfield Quarry, near Coleford, and some road closures remain in place in the surrounding area.
A 27 year old woman from Birmingham appeared before Cheltenham Magistrates' court on 19 May 2020 and was charged with killing the woman between 14 April and 12 May 2020 at her home in Birmingham.
She was remanded to appear in Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020.
A 38 year old man from Wolverhampton was charged with assisting an offender between 25 April and 12 May 2020 and was also remanded to appear before Gloucester Crown Court on 19 May 2020.
Both were refused bail appeared before magistrates in Cheltenham via video-link.
Affine arithmetic (AA) is a computer arithmetic which was made to improve the performance of interval arithmetic.
Today, the interval arithmetic technology which was made by Sunaga and R.
Moore is used in many areas including validated numerics.
But unfortunately, interval arithmetic is useless when numerical computation is repeated many times.
Therefore, many experts have studied how to overcome this weakness.
Affine arithmetic is one result of this movement.
Some experts are trying to improve affine arithmetic.
Their results are known as the extended affine arithmetic or modified affine arithmetic.
Matrix analysis is a subfield of linear algebra.
It focuses on analytical properties of matrices.
In this subject, vector norms and matrix norms are introduced.
The goal of this area is deepen understanding to matrix eigenvalues and system of linear equations.
This leads to discussions in numerical linear algebra.
Functional analysis usually discusses mathematical operators in infinite dimension Hilbert spaces.
But difficulty remains even discussion is limited to matrices (which is a finite dimension mathematical operator).
This is because difficulty comes not only from infinite dimension but also non-commutativity.
And matrices are good examples of non-commutative mathematical operators (In other words, you cannot change the order of matrix multiplication).
Matrix analysis is trying to overcome problems caused by non-commutativity.
Shown below are the results for the tournament.
The numbers in brackets denote players seedings, whilst players in bold are match winners.
The results for each round of the main stage of the championship are shown below.
The numbers in parentheses beside some of the players are their seeding ranks (each championship has 16 seeds and 16 qualifiers).
Geertsema, who belonged to the Remonstrants, studied law at Leiden University and was also a lobbyist and LGBT rights activist.
Before joining PATTERNS, Huljich had worked at the Guggenheim Museum and Dean/Wolf Architects in New York, Banchini + Spina Arquitectos in Rosario, Argentina and at Morphosis Architects in Los Angeles.
She was the Director of AUD Summer Programs at UCLA AUD from 2012 to 2016.
She has been on the Executive Board at the Center for the Arts of Performance at UCLA since 2015.
She has been a visiting professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Syracuse University, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Berkeley, and Di Tella.
At the Yale University of Architecture, she was the Louis I.
Kahn Visiting Assistant Professor in 2013.
Hagar, Sarah's Egyptian maiden, was the mother of Ishmael, the first son of Abraham.
When Isaac, Sarah's son, made fun of his younger brother Ishmael, Sarah asked Abraham to ban him, along with his mother.
Before sending them away, Abraham gave him bread and a bottle of water and sent them to the desert of Beersheba.
Pittoni initially sketched the general composition quickly and lightly, then elaborated the contours of the male figures with much greater hand pressure to give the tonal emphasis.
Hans-Dietrich Ernst (born November 3, 1908 Opole - March 1991 ) was a German lawyer, SS squad leader and Sicherheitsdienst (SD) lawyer.
He studied law.
After completing his studies, he worked in Hamburg and Berlin.
He was appointed government councilor in 1940, in Hamburg.
In early June 1942, he was commander of the security police and SD (KdS) in Angers.
Under his command, a transport of Jews from Angers to Auschwitz-Birkenau, began on 20 July 1942 .
He went into hiding in Leipzig, but was arrested by the Soviet occupying forces.
From 1947 to 1956, he was imprisoned in the Vorkuta Gulag.
labor camp.
Warm ocean currents also affect sea urchin populations.
In some places, kelp forests turn into urchin barrens and then grow back depending on the currents that year.
Only the first verse (in bold) is officially part of the anthem.
<poem>To arms, quickly, ye Bayamesans!
for to die for the homeland is to live.
Fear not the vicious Iberians.
They're cowards as is every tyrant.
They cannot oppose spirited Cubans.
Their empire has forever fallen.
their power and pride, where did it go?
Hear the sound of the bugle.
Behold they that have fallen.
We triumphed because of our bravery.
from the cannon's terrible boom.
The words were changed by Victor Jara, and the following text was recorded by Quilapayún.
When this song became more well known throughout the globe, it was translated into Turkish by the Turkish band (meaning Commentary Group), founded in 1984.
She studied at Sciences Po Paris.
There were sister protests in Oakland, New York, Chicago, Denver, and other parts of the United States.
Over 500 people were arrested at one sister protest in Los Angeles.
Parts of the Los Angeles protest were peaceful and parts were violent.
SpaceX plans to replace Dragon 2 with Starship.
Rachael works for the Seven Network as a reporter for several of its programs across current affairs and sports telecasts as well as making contestant appearances on Seven Network's in-house celebrity competition programs.
She was one of the contestants in Celebrity MasterChef Australia in 2009.
She progressed to the semi-finals, where she and Biggest Loser trainer Michelle Bridges made it through to the next stage.
Rachael reached the grand-finals in which she came third overall.
She also appeared in the 2010 series of Dancing with the Stars.
She was eliminated on 1 August 2010.
In late 2010, Rachael Finch joined the cast of the tenth season of Dancing with the Stars.
Finch's partner is Michael Miziner, the partner to the original winner of Dancing with the Stars, Bec Cartwright.
Despite receiving some harsh comments from judge Todd McKenney over lack of content with their choreography, Finch and Miziner had been named the dark horse couple by the judges.
Most unfortunately, and despite maintaining high scores, Finch and Miziner were the fifth couple eliminated on 1 August 2010.
Rachael now does a daily weather report on Channel 7's morning show, Sunrise.
Heike Beier (born 3 December 1983 Berlin) is a German volleyball player .
In 2006-07, she made her debut in the senior team under the new national coach Giovanni Guidetti.
In 2008 she moved to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza in the Italian A2 league.
In 2010 she joined the Russian club Leningradka St.
Petersburg.
In January 2011, she returned to Rebecchi Lupa Piacenza.
In the 2011/12 season she played for the Italian second division club Giaveno, with whom she rose to the A1 league.
In 2012/13 she played for league competitor Pomì Casalmaggiore.
In 2013, she took first place in the European League with the national team.
In 2014, she moved to the Polish league to Aluprof Bielsko-Białaand.
From 2015 to 2017, she played for Budowlani Łódź .
On August 24, 2007, she passed on the Miss Teen USA title to Hilary Cruz of Colorado.
Wolfram Mathematica (usually called Mathematica) is a modern technical computing system made by Wolfram Research.
Barrow Wake was as the location for the music video Wytches by Pagan Rock Band Inkubus Sukkubus in December 1993.
Elizabeth Fitzgerald Stemke (born July 15, 1980) is an American volleyball player and coach.
Londonderry is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.
It is bounded on the north by Landgrove and Weston.
The population was 1,919 in the 2020 census.
At the 1983 Cannes Film Festival, Bresson tied with Andrei Tarkovsky and received the Director's Prize.
was also nominated for Best Sound at the César Awards 1984.
It also won the 1984 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director.
In numerical analysis, series acceleration (sometimes called as convergence improvement) is the name for algorithms that transforms slowly convergent series to rapidly convergent series.
Indy Baijens (born 4 February 2001 in Zaandam) is a Dutch volleyball player for ASPTT Mulhouse and the Dutch national team.
Christienne Bardecki is a Canadian water polo player.
Barun is a small town in Bihar in the District Aurangabad.
Barun is located 133.7 km (83.1 mi) from Patna Junction station and 11.6 km (7.2 mi) from Aurangabad.
The bridge No.
4 for crossing over the Son river is 2.5 km (1.6 mi) away and Dehri-on-sone across river is 5.4 km (3.4 mi) away.
He is known as the The Red Cleric.
He was born in Saint-Dizier, Champagne.
Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek (pronounced as Ma-je-ko-dun-mi Ifa-kii-she-eke) (March 1963 – June 2, 2020) was a Nigerian singer-songwriter and guitarist.
He was best known in his home country for the 1988 album Prisoner of Conscience, which included the multiple award-winning single Send Down the Rain.
He worked with Tracy Chapman, Jimmy Cliff, Michael Jackson, Snoop Dogg, and Beyoncé.
It was in December of 2017 he signed a 2-year contract with the Astros.
The Philips Odyssey series is a series of home video game consoles.
They were marketed by Philips.
The Philips Odyssey series is the successor to the Magnavox Odyssey series.
The Régence (, Regency) refers to a time between 1715 and 1723, when King Louis XV was a minor and France was governed by Philippe d'Orléans, a nephew of Louis XIV o France, as Regent of the Kingdom.
In French the period is also called le Régence de Philippe'Orléans.
He studied media at University of Western Ontario where he began DeeJaying and appearing as a TV host.
In 2001, Juneja started his professional career writing articles for Canada's WORD Magazine.
Raoul has worked as a columnist for .
Juneja has worked as the researcher for CBC's first South Asian CBC Radio, which was launched in 2014.
He was Chancellor at the Aligarh Muslim University for two terms.
She plays in the French pro A championship and in the National team.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) began to track a tropical wave associated with a few showers and thunderstorms, moving westward off the coast of northern Central America on July 17.
Four days later, thunderstorm activity became stronger; by July 22, the area of low pressure became better organized.
On July 23, the NHC noted that the system could become a tropical depression within the next two days; however, they also noted that wind shear could increase within a couple of days.
After an ASCAT pass and an increase in convection, the NHC upgraded the storm to Tropical Storm Genevieve on July 25.
A few hours later, the system attained its initial peak strength of 45 mph (75 km/h).
Despite moderate wind shear, convection soon wrapped around the southeastern side of the low-level circulation.
By 21:00 UTC on August 5, the CPHC upgraded the system to a tropical storm, despite continued wind shear.
Wind shear quickly decreased, triggering a period of rapid intensification.
By the afternoon of August 6, Genevieve intensified to a low-end Category 1 hurricane; the system also developed a central dense overcast and well-organized banding around the newly-developed eye.
Passing over very warm ocean temperatures, Genevieve rapidly intensified accelerated that evening.
Based on advanced Dvorak technique estimates of as well as the presence of a very well-defined eye surrounded by very cold cloud tops, the CPHC upgraded the hurricane into Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale early on the next day.
During the morning of August 8, Genevieve started to track northward along the western edge of a subtropical ridge to the east and northeast.That noon, more fragmented deep convective banding revealed that Genevieve had begun a weakening trend.
As the result, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a typhoon late on the same day, as convection surrounding the system warmed.
Early on August 9, Genevieve accelerated north-northeastward, and it began to encounter increasing vertical wind shear of 35 mph (55 km/h) with subsidence along the western side and weakening outflow into the TUTT cell.
The eye of the typhoon became cloud-filled, while the deepest convection around the core was also became warmer.
The system began to track north-northwestward in the afternoon, when the cold dense overcast has decreased in size and become less symmetric.
Sarah Landry (born 1994) is a New Zealand water polo player.
She competed for the New Zealand women's national water polo team in the 2015 World Aquatics Championships.
Wienerschnitzel is an American fast food chain founded in 1961 (as Der Wienerschnitzel) that specializes in hot dogs, also known as the World's Largest Hot Dog Chain.
Wienerschnitzel locations are found predominantly in California and Texas, though others are located in Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Louisiana, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, and Washington.
Outside the 50 states, there is a store located in Guam and one in Panama.
Neira Ortiz Ruiz (born 6 July 1993 in San Juan) is a Puerto Rican female volleyball player.
She was part of the Puerto Rico women's national volleyball team at the 2018 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.
Kurzweil made 147 predictions about the future since the 1990s.
He has a prediction accuracy rate of 86%.
The Senate President Pro Tem was Orrin Hatch (a Republican).
https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2021/12/10/battlegrounds-for-all-pubg-to-become-free-to-play-game/#:~:text=Here's%20some%20surprise%20news!%20Last,gunplay%20and%20non%2Dstop%20action.
Jung Ho-young (Korean: 정호영; RR: Jeong Ho-yeong; born 23 August 2001) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.
On June 23, 2020, a man who was about 30 years old was shot at around 5:00 am.
He did not die.
He is known for being the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Kontinental Hockey League, and President of the SKA Saint Petersburg ice hockey club.
Alan Richard Winde (born 18 March 1965) is a South African politician and businessman.
He is the 7th and current Premier of the Western Cape.
He is also a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament for the Democratic Alliance.
After his party won a majority in the provincial parliament in May 2019, he became the Premier and replaced Helen Zille.
Winde held ministerial positions in Zille's provincial cabinet.
The party kept their majority in the legislature in the May 2019 election.
The legislature met on 22 May 2019 to choose a new premier and leadership.
Winde was elected as Premier after he got 24 votes compared to 10 for his competitor Cameron Dugmore of the African National Congress.
Simone Hankin Dixon is an Australian water polo player.
She competed for the Australian women's national water polo team with 193 caps.
In June 2022, the BJP picked Murmu as the National Democratic Alliance's candidate for President of India in the 2022 election.
She moved to Guinea-Bissau with the non-governmental organization Mani Tese.
Shen Yineng is a Chinese water polo player.
Murmu's career took off in 2004 when he was made joint secretary of the Gujarat Home Department, which was headed by Amit Shah and directly supervised by Narendra Modi.
She was a member of the National Human Rights Commission and later as the Governor of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu from 1997 to 2001.
Decode then became a subsidiary company of DHX, gaining distribution rights to Halifax Film shows in the process.
In 2010, all DHX companies including Decode were all rebranded under the DHX name, with distribution transferred to DHX proper.
Stephen William Berry is an American historian, and Greg Gregory Professor of the Civil War Era at the University of Georgia.
He was a fellow of the American Council of Learned Societies.
Xie Yimin (謝依旻) (born 16 November 1989) is a Taiwanese female professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in, Japan.
She has obtained more than 25 female titles in her career.
She is also qualified for the Honorary female board master (名誉女流棋聖), honorary female grand master (名誉女流名人), and the honorary female Honinbo (名誉女流本因坊).
Rina Fujisawa (藤沢里菜) is a Japanese female professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in.
She is the granddaughter of Hideyuki Fujisawa.
Braga is known by the Portuguese as the religious centre of their country, this is because Braga has the oldest cathedral in Portugal and many churches.
The Filipino version was translated by Felipe Padilla de León in 1958, and was revised in 1963.
Izumi Kobayashi (小林泉美) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in since 1995.
She is known for holding many female titles in the 2000s.
Chiaki Mukai (向井千瑛) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in.
She is known for challenging against Xie Yimin for many times.
Her mentor is Sachiko Honda.
The lappet-nosed tree frog (Litoria havina) is a frog from New Guinea and Indonesia.
Yukari Yoshihara (吉原由香里) is a Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in since 1996.
Her mentor is Masao Kato.
Kano is one of the 36 states of Nigeria.
The capital is Kano.
The league has 20 teams.
The teams play through the Apertura and Finalización tournaments each year.
Both tournaments are conducted according to an identical three-stage format.
Lord Krishna's teachings in the Bhagavad Gita emphasize the importance of performing one's duty without attachment to the results, which resonates with people from all walks of life.
Hotel Transylvania 2 is a 2015 American computer-animated comedy movie.
It was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation.
This is the sequel to Hotel Transylvania.
Exits 28-32 (inclusive) are no longer on the main A9 (as of May 30 2017); you have to follow *Montpellier* and get on the A709.
Cannabinoids work by connecting, or binding, to receptors in the body.
These receptors make up a system called the endocannabinoid system (ECS).
There are two types of receptors: CB (cannabinoid receptor type 1) and CB (cannabinoid receptor type 2).
CB receptors are mostly found in the central nervous system, which is made up of the brain and spine.
It is also found in other places in the body like sex organs.
CB is found in the peripheral nervous system in other parts of the body.
CB receptors are found in the immune system, which is the system that prevents us from getting sick.
Jane Cox (born 13 May 1952) is an English actress, known for her role as Lisa Dingle in the British soap opera Emmerdale, a role she portrayed from 1996 to 2019.
An Elizabethan collar, also called a, e-collar, lampshade or cone of shame is a piece of equipment used in veterinary medicine.
They stop the animal from licking or biting its body and from scratching or touching its head with its feet.
The Lamborghini Cheetah is an off-road prototype that was made by Lamborghini in 1977.
The Lamborghini 400 GT was the successor to the 350 GT.
The engine was paired to a five-speed manual transmission which was made by ZF.
The Anglesey Coastal Path starts and finishes here.
Croatia Airlines is a government owned airline of Croatia.
It flies to domestic and international destinations.
Its main airport is Zagreb Airport.
It's usual destinations are Dubrovnik, Split and Zadar.
Since November 2004, the airline has been a member of Star Alliance.
In August 1851, visitors from Pitcairn Island also found skeletons in a cave and wreckage on the beach next to the cave.
After a party of Pitcairn Islanders collecting miro wood rediscovered the skeletons in March 1958, a medical examination determined that the bones were of Caucasian origin, and they were then buried in a shallow grave inside the cave.
An American survey team examined the bones in 1966 and buried them in five coffins in the left-hand corner of the cave, tightly jamming a large cross between the ceiling and the rock floor at the entrance.
They concluded the remains were of five or six people, one of whom was between three and five years of age.
It was presumed they were the survivors of a shipwreck who died of dehydration.
A desert island is an island where no people live.
More commonly they are called uninhabited islands.
Sometimes the name is also used for an islet or atoll.
Very often, such places are seen as close to paradise.
Most islands in the world are uninhabited.
The F and M trains are local trains, so they go on local tracks.
The following is a list of notable Afghan people, which includes all the ethnic groups of the modern state of Afghanistan.
Afghanistan has gone through territorial changes.
This list generally excludes Ethnic Pashtuns who originate from regions that were not controlled by Afghanistan at the time, though there are exceptions for certain figures who are prominent to Pashtuns.
It also includes historical figures coming from the present day borders of Afghanistan, even if they were non-Pashtuns.
GNU Octave is an open source programming language for numerical analysis (especially numerical linear algebra).
This language is mostly compatible with MATLAB.
The Desert Eagle is a semi-automatic pistol that shoots very large handgun cartridges.
There are models that can shoot the .357 Magnum, the .44 Magnum, or the .50 Action Express (AE).
It is the world's most powerful semi-automatic pistol that is mass-produced and can be sold to civilians.
Even though the gun is very powerful, it is not very popular for military use because it is too heavy and kicks back too hard for it to be useful in battle.
However, it is a popular weapon in movies and in video games because of its size and stopping power, such as in The Matrix, RoboCop, The Boondock Saints, Counter-Strike, the Call of Duty series, Battlefield 4, Far Cry 4, the Grand Theft Auto series, and many others.
Pascoal Manuel Mocumbi (10 April 1941 – 25 March 2023) was a Mozambican politician.
He was the Prime Minister of Mozambique from 1994 until 2004.
Between 2004 and 2013, Mocumbi was the High Representative of the European and Developing Countries Clinical Trials Partnership (EDCTP).
Scilab is an open source MATLAB-like programming language for numerical analysis.
It is used in many countries including non-English regions.
More are available on ATOMS Portal or the Scilab forge.
GNU Octave is also a MATLAB-like language.
But it was made by different technical viewpoints.
In January 2020, GitHub reported that they have more than 40 million users and more than 100 million repositories (including at least 28 million public repositories).
Therefore, it is recognized as the largest host of source code in the world.
GitHub was made for users who want to save their programs on their web browsers.
But there is also a desktop version known as GitHub Desktop.
All GitHub users can create websites with the github.io domain.
This service is known as GitHub Pages.
The development history of the HTML code will be recorded with Git.
The Ceylon Electricity Board - CEB , is the largest electricity company in Sri Lanka.
With a market share of nearly 100%, it controls all major functions of electricity generation, transmission, distribution and retailing in Sri Lanka.
It is one of the only two on-grid electricity companies in the country; the other being Lanka Electricity Company (LECO).
The company earned approximately LKR 204.7 billion in 2014, with a total of nearly 5.42 million consumer accounts.
Asian Archery Championships is the archery championship organized by the World Archery Asia.
It has been held biannually, and since 2001 has included both the recurve and compound disciplines.
Sané holds both German and French citizenships.
He can play for either of the two nations.
He chose to play for Germany.
MathWorks is an American technological company that works for mathematical software.
The logo represents a L-shaped object which is related to the wave equation.
This was the subject of Moler's thesis.
Cleve Moler is a famous mathematician.
He is known for his scientific textbooks and technical reviews.
MATLAB is a programming language made for numerical analysis (especially numerical linear algebra).
It is named after Matrix Laboratory.
Mohammad Hassan Ganji Ph.D (), (June 11, 1912 – July 19, 2012) was an Iranian meteorologist and academic.
He was born in Iran city of Birjand South Khorasan Province.
He completed his studies in Tehran and continued to study geography in England and the United States.
He next began to teach at the University of Tehran and was the first who began to teach modern geography at universities.
Ganji established the Iran Meteorological Organization in 1955 and ran the organization for several years.
Shah Abdul Hamid (born 1890 - died 1 May 1972) was a Bangladeshi politician and the first speaker of the Constituent Assembly.
Upazila is a unit in the administrative system of Bangladesh.
An upazila is made up of a few villages or unions and a district is made up of a few upazilas.
There are 492 upazilas in 64 districts under 8 divisions in Bangladesh.
The following table is the summary of AlphaGo achievements (including its variants).
CTAN (Comprehensive TeX Archive Network) is an online collection of open source LaTeX-related files and software (including Beamer).
In other words, this network is a LaTeX-only GitHub.
CTAN is based in the United States, United Kingdom and Germany.
They also have several mirror sites (certified clones).
Mirror sites are needed in order to avoid access concentration.
This effort helps the users to download files without fatal delay.
The R language was originally made for statistics.
But today, it is also used in many scientific fields including ecology.
There are a growing number of R events bringing its users together, such as conferences (e.g.
useR!, WhyR?, conectaR, SatRdays) and other meetups.
> x <- 1:6 # Create vector.
> y <- x^2 # Create vector by formula.
> print(y) # Print the vector’s contents.
> mean(y) # Arithmetic mean of vector.
> var(y) # Sample variance of vector.
> model <- lm(y ~ x) # Linear regression model y = A + B * x.
> par(mfrow = c(2, 2)) # Create a 2 by 2 layout for figures.
arXiv (pronounced archive—the X represents the Greek letter chi [χ]) is an open-access repository of scientific pre-prints.
All documents are stored as PDF.
Wikipedia and some journals accept citations by arXiv.
Some academic search engines (such as Google Scholar) can help users to find arXiv pre-prints.
The International Go Federation (IGF) is an international non-profit organization that connects Go federations around the world.
They strive to promote fair play among all players.
Many Native Americans say this a bad word because people have used it in racist and woman-hating ways.
According to the editor of the Navajo Times Tom Aviso, squaw is the worst word used on Native American women.
The first 400 GT, commonly referred to as simply the 400 GT or 400 GT Interim, was basically the older 350 GT, but it had an enlarged, 3,929 cc V12 engine.
The new engine had a power output of .
Twenty-three of 400 GT Interims were built, three of which had aluminium bodywork.
The 400 GT was very similar to the 350 GT mechanically.
However, it had a larger V12 engine, and a different five-speed manual transmission made by Lamborghini.
The European Go Federation (EGF) is a non-profit organization for Go in Europe.
EGF has been organizing several tournaments including the European Go Congress.
They are open to all European players.
As petrol in Italy was prohibitively-priced, Lamborghini augmented the Morris engines with a fuel atomiser of his own creation, which allowed the tractors to be started with petrol, then switch to the cheaper diesel fuel.
Based on the initial success of the Carioca, Lamborghini founded Lamborghini Trattori and began manufacturing tractors.
In 1958, Lamborghini traveled to Maranello to buy a Ferrari 250 GT: a two-seat coupé with a body designed by coachbuilder Pininfarina.
He went on to own several more over the years, including a Scaglietti-designed 250 GT SWB Berlinetta and a 250 GT 2+2 four-seater.
Lamborghini thought Ferrari's cars were good, but too noisy and rough to be proper road cars.
He categorized them as repurposed track cars with poorly built interiors.
Except for the final office-holder, they each held a strong executive power in the country de facto.
Scripps College is a private liberal arts women's college in Claremont, California.
It was founded in 1926.
It is a member of the Claremont Colleges and is known for its extensive interdisciplinary core curriculum and historic campus.
Frank Fakaotimanava Lui, (19 November 1935 – 9 July 2021) was a Niuean politician.
He was the Premier of the Pacific Island state of Niue from 12 March 1993 through 26 March 1999.
Lui was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 1999 Queen's Birthday Honours.
The International Congress on Industrial and Applied Mathematics (ICIAM) is an international conference about applied mathematics.
It is organized by the International Council on Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
The International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) is the largest conference for mathematics.
It meets once every four years.
The organizer is the International Mathematical Union (IMU).
This station is for 6 trains .
The Silhouette was powered by a Lamborghini V8 engine.
It was very similar to the one in the Urraco P300.
The engine was in the middle of the car.
The engine was paired to a five-speed manual transmission.
The first people to speak about evolution were Empedocles and other Greek philosophers in Europe (5th century BCE) andTaoism in Asia.
The history of evolutionary thought in Christian theology dates back to Augustine of Hippo (4th century) and Thomas Aquinas (13th century).
The modern creation–evolution controversy started in Europe and North America in the late 18th century.
Discoveries in geology led to various theories of an ancient earth, and fossils showing past extinctions prompted early ideas of evolution.
These ideas were particularly controversial in England, where both the natural world and the hierarchical social order were thought to be fixed by God's will.
As the terrors of the French Revolution developed into the Napoleonic Wars, followed by economic depression threatening revolution in Great Britain itself, these ideas were rejected, associated only with radical agitators.
The Green Book ( al-Kitāb al-Aḫḍar) is a book written by Muammar al-Gaddafi, who was the leader of Libya until 2011.
It explains his social and political philosophy.
He wanted everyone to read the book because he believed that his philosophy could make the world a better place.
It was first published in 1975.
The Green Book was very important in Libya.
Schoolchildren would spend 2 hours a week learning about it.
Fifteen members are appointed by the President of Kazakhstan with the view to ensure representation for all the diverse national, cultural components of society.
The first part of The Green Book is called Solving the problem of democracy: The Authority of the People.
The theory says that a country should not be holding a referendum, have a political party, or have a parliament.
Gaddafi believed that these are not things a true democracy should have.
Bella Savitzky Abzug (July 24, 1920 – March 31, 1998), nicknamed Battling Bella, was an American lawyer, activist and politician.
She was known as a leader of the Women's Movement.
Python 3.12 Online Compiler - A web-based Python code editor and compiler.
Below is a chart of the sun and moon letters in Arabic.
In Spain, he met Irma Schneider, who, as a former teacher at the Swiss school in Barcelona, ​​ran the canteen for pregnant women in Madrid.
In January 1942, Children's Aid, were founded by the Swiss Red Cross and the SAK in order to be able to extend children's aid to the whole of Europe.
From 1942 to 1943, Olgiati was a central secretary.
He resigned at the end of 1943 and the SAK was dissolved in 1944.
The Aboriginal Justice Implementation Commission did an investigation into concerns about how long it took to solve her case.
According to the Commission report, Osborne's autopsy showed that along with well over 50 stab wounds, her skull, cheekbones and palate were broken, her lungs were damaged, and one kidney was torn.
Her body showed extensive bruising.
The Commission concluded that the most significant factors prolonging the case were racism, sexism and indifference of white people.
Ichiyo Shimizu (清水市代, Shimizu Ichiyo, born January 9, 1969) is a Japanese women's professional shogi player ranked 7-dan.
She became the first women's professional to be promoted to the rank of women's 6-dan and obtain 40 women titles.
She is also the second women's professional to win 600 official games.
The name Flōra descends from Proto-Italic *flōsā ('goddess of flowers'), itself a derivation from Proto-Italic *flōs ('flower'; cf.
Latin flōs, flōris 'blossom, flower').
It is cognate with the Oscan goddess of flowers Fluusa, demonstrating that the cult was known more widely among Italic peoples.
The name ultimately derives from Proto-Indo-European *bʰleh₃ōs ('blossoming').
Justin II inherited a greatly enlarged but overextended empire, with far less resources at his disposal compared to Justinian I.
Despite this, he strived to match his formidable uncle's reputation by abandoning the payment of tributes to the Empire's neighbors.
This miscalculated move resulted in rekindling of war with the Sassanid Empire, and in a Lombard invasion which cost the Romans much of their territory in Italy.
She lost her sight entirely in 1994.
She started her career as a sprinter in 1987, at the age of 13, at Instituto São Rafael, a special school for the visually impaired in Belo Horizonte .
Sabrina Bulleri (7 January 1959 - 18 April 2000, Ghezzano) was an Italian Paralympic athlete.
After a long illness, she died in April 2000 in Ghezzano.
For her sporting merits, she was awarded the Collare d'oro for sporting merit in 2015 by the Italian National Olympic Committee.
Emanuela Grigio (born 7 October 1964 Albignasego) is a former partially sighted Italian Paralympic athlete.
She won a silver medal at the 1984 Summer Paralympics, in the 800 meters, and bronze medal in the 400 meters.
Abdelkader Bensalah was elected as President of the Council of the Nation on July 2, 2002, re-elected on January 11, 2007 and January 10, 2008.
The Ice Hockey Federation of the Republic of Azerbaijan is the Azerbaijani national ice hockey federation.
Elsevier provides various services to support researchers.
Some of them are similar to Google Scholar by Google.
ScienceDirect is a website which gives subscription-based access to a large database of scientific and medical research.
It stores many papers and academic journals as PDF.
Scopus is Elsevier’s abstract and citation database launched in 2004.
It gives four types of quality measure for each title; those are h-Index, CiteScore, SJR (SCImago Journal Rank) and SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper).
Elsevier is not a non-profit organization.
Therefore, some of their products are not cheap.
Due to this difficulty, some universities have terminated their contract with Elsevier.
The French Couperin consortium agreed in 2019 to a 4-year contract with Elsevier.
This agreement was made despite criticism from the scientific community.
Almost no academic institution in Germany is subscribed to Elsevier.
CRUI (an association of universities in Italy) sealed a 5-year-long deal for 2018–2022.
This decision was made despite protests from the scientific community.
Credits taken from the album's liner notes.
The town was also known for the solar eclipse of August 11, 1999.
It hosted a major observation event.
Because of its closeness to the Belgian border, it was gridlocked by visiting Belgian cars on the morning of the eclipse.
The inhabitants are called Vouzinois.
Since Dr.
Babasaheb Ambedkar's conversion, several thousand people from different castes have converted to Buddhism in ceremonies including the twenty-two vows.
Tropical Storm Edouard formed in an unusual time of the year, in July.
It formed on July 4, and reached tropical storm status on July 6.
After reaching tropical storm status, it became the earliest fifth named storm until Hurricane Elsa formed on July 1, 2021.
Earliest sixth named storm.
Tropical Storm Fay formed off the coast of the Carolinas and then struck New Jersey as a tropical storm, weakening inland.
Earliest seventh named storm.
Nearly made a landfall in Guyana.
Earliest tenth named storm.
Earliest eleventh named storm, breaking the record of Hurricane Katrina.
In Louisiana, buildings were damaged very badly by the storm.
The highest winds were reported at 95 miles per hour in Lake Charles, along with a gust of 137 miles per hour also in Lake Charles.
Damage was the worst in Lake Charles, where almost every house had a tarp on it to keep out rain after their roofs had been destroyed.
Luckily, even though a push of water was supposed to be more than 15 feet in places, at last minute, it moved to the west, pushing all the water into places with fewer people.
Earliest fifteenth named storm.
Very unusual track.
Earliest fourteenth named storm.
Formed after Omar, but strengthened into a tropical storm before Omar.
Earliest sixteenth named storm.
It then made a very rare landfall in Bermuda, and then dissipated.
After it dissipated, it became a tropical storm again.
Because of this, people called it a zombie storm, because it came back after dissipating.
Earliest twenty-fourth named storm.
Earliest twenty-sixth named storm.
Fourth major hurricane of the season.
Earliest twenty-seventh named storm.
Caused damage in the Southeast United States.
Brought snow to New England.
Earliest twenty-eight named storm.
Became a powerful Category 4 hurricane.
Struck Central America, Cuba, and Florida.
The cult of Augustus was promoted by Tiberius, who dedicated the Ara Numinis Augusti.
There is a lot of confusion about the Treaty of Waitangi because Articles 1 and 2 in the treaty say different things.
Her major hit songs were as follows.
Gwichʼin has a lot of sounds that are not found in English.
In 1934 the first Azerbaijani Championship took place.
This was won by Selimkhanov, who in 1935 became chairman of the Azerbaijan Chess Organization.
In 1936 the first Women's Championship was held.
In 1936, A.
Polisskaya of Baku became women's champion of the South Caucasus.
In 1938, a women's chess school was opened at the Baku Chess and Checkers Club.
In 1989, as a nine-year-old, Gustaf Skarsgård acted in the Swedish Film Codename Coq Rouge.
After attending Teaterhögskolan in Stockholm from 1999 to 2003, Gustaf Skarsgård joined the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
He played in several of Shakespeare’s, Chekhov's and Söderberg’s works both on the Royal Dramatic Theatre and on Stockholm City Theatre.
In 2003 he performed in Evil and 2008 in Patrik 1,5.
For both roles he was nominated for the Guldbagge Awards as Best Supporting Actor and as Best Leading Actor.
Finally, he received the prize as Best Leading Actor for his role in Förortsungar.
In 2012, Skarsgård joined the History Channel's series Vikings in the role of Floki, the shipbuilder.
All Japan Student Go Federation (全日本学生囲碁連盟) is a Japanese student Go organization for holding university Go championships.
They have branches in each regions (Kanto, Kansai, Kyushu, Tohoku etc)..
In Japan, most Go tournaments are held by Nihon Ki-in or Kansai Ki-in.
All Japan Student Go Federation and their branches are made for student games.
They are not under direct control but have close relation with them.
They are holding various tournaments with corporate sponsors.
The following programs are currently airing on select local PBS stations only.
They are no longer distributed nationally, though are still available for local stations to air independently.
The following programs are distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself.
These programs are broadcast by select local PBS stations.
The following programs were distributed by American Public Television, not PBS itself.
These programs were broadcast by select local PBS stations.
His major hit songs were as follows.
She graduated from the Federico II University of Naples, and in Microbiology from the Sapienza University of Rome.
The precinct can be divided into different groups of buildings.
The central group is the abbey church, the cloister, and the buildings round the cloister.
This was where the monks lived, prayed, ate, slept, and worked.
The inner court has other buildings for the daily life of the abbey.
These are buildings such as the infirmary, the abbot's house, and guest houses for visitors.
The infirmary was a place where monks could stay when they were ill.
The original abbey church was built of wood and was probably two stories high.
It was, however, quickly replaced with stone.
The church was damaged in the attack on the abbey in 1146 and was rebuilt as a larger church on the same site.
Building work was completed c.1170.
This second church was completed around 1170.
It was long , made up of 11 bays.
The infirmary (marked Abbots House on the plan) had one of the largest halls in England in the middle ages , It had its own chapel and kitchens.
Parts of it are on top of tunnels where the River Skell flows.
Parahoxozoa is named after the groups of genes that scientists found in the organisms in it: (sub)classes (HNF, CUT, PROS, ZF, CERS, K50, S50-PRD) and Hox/ParaHox-ANTP.
Some scientists said they thought a similar gene, ANTP, the NK gene, and the Cdx Parahox gene were also in sponges in the phylum Porifera, but for now, Parahoxozoa does not have sponges in it.
The story takes place on the fictional island of Anopopei in the South Pacific and is about American soldiers trying to drive off the Japanese so that they can advance into the Philippines.
These are caused by many reasons.
One factor is they retire earlier due to marriage, pregnancy and maternity.
In Europe, there were no notable female players before Svetlana Shikshina and Diana Koszegi.
In order to increase female players, the European Go Federation is holding the European Womens Go Championship (EWGC) since 1996 and the European Pair Go Championship (EPGC) since 1997.
Kansai Ki-in has eased the age rules to female players.
At Nihon Ki-in, there is a special exam for female players.
Most female professionals (except Xie Yimin and Keiko Kato etc).
have got their pro status by this way.
In 2019, Nihon Ki-in has started a female player test system to give more support to them.
Nihon Ki-in is also sponsoring female amateur games.
Notable buildings in the Old Town include St.
Giles' Cathedral, the General Assembly Hall of the Church of Scotland, the National Museum of Scotland, the Old College of the University of Edinburgh and the Scottish Parliament Building.
The area is known to have underground vaults and hidden passages that are relics of old phases of construction.
Nakai was selected to be the first representative director of The Ladies Professional Shogi-player's Association of Japan (LPSA) after it was established in 2007.
She served in that position until 2010.
She has obtained 19 major titles in her career.
This is a 3rd place record in Japanese shogi history.
In October 2015, Euronews moved to a new global headquarters complex in La Confluence, Lyon, designed by Paris-based architecture firm Jakob + MacFarlane and covering a floor area of 10,000 m2 (21⁄2 acres).
Hahoe Folk Village also hosts Seonyu Julbul Nori.
On the birthday of the spiritual leader Buddha, people ride down the Nakdong River in boats.
People read poetry.
There is also a display called line fire.
This is a special way of lighting fireworks.
Mulberry tree charcoal is put in long pouches that are tied every few centimeters on their length.
The pouches are attached to a rope made of straw, one pouch every five meters.
The rope is long enough to go between two trees.
One end of one charcoal pouch is lit, and it takes a long time for all the charcoal to burn down the whole length of the rope.
According to the Köppen system, Gough Island features an oceanic climate (Cfb).
Gough Island's temperatures are between and during the day year-round, due to its isolated position far out in the Atlantic Ocean.
The Atlantic is much cooler in the southern hemisphere than the northern, but frosts are still very rare.
As a result, summers are not very hot.
It features a similar climate to the Fiordland area of New Zealand, the west coast of Scotland, or the Alaskan Panhandle.
Precipitation is high during the entire year, and sunshine hours are few.
Snow falls in the interior, but is rare at sea level.
The bridge was also the site of devotion by the Rhône boatmen.
This is because their patron saint was Saint Nicholas.
They initially worshipped in the Saint Nicholas Chapel on the bridge itself (where Saint Bénézet's body was also interred).
However, the bad condition of the bridge made it difficult to go there.
In 1715 the confraternity of boatmen built a chapel on dry land on the Avignon side of the bridge.
This was outside the ramparts next to the gatehouse.
This chapel was destroyed by a major flood of the Rhône in 1856.
A house for a caretaker was built on the ruins during the restoration work.
This started around 1878.
The residence was demolished after the restoration work on the bridge and gatehouse in the 1980s.
Tilehurst is a suburb of the town of Reading in the Royal County of Berkshire, England.
It is in the west of central Reading.
It lies within the boundaries of The Borough of Reading and partly in the district of West Berkshire.
The part within West Berkshire forms part of the civil parish of Tilehurst.
It also includes the northern part of Calcot and a small rural area west of the suburb.
Shinichi Oishi is a Japanese mathematician at Waseda University.
He is also the director of Japan Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics and Japan Society for Simulation Technology.
Hans Cavalli-Björkman (29 June 1928 – 18 August 2020) was a Swedish lawyer and banker.
He was the chairman of the Swedish Association football club Malmö FF, a post he held between 1975 and 1998.
During Cavalli-Björkmans years at the club they won four Swedish championships.
He was also CEO of Swedish bank SEB in the late 1980s.
The family of Rhacophoridae (Afroasian Tree Frogs) has two subfamilies, 14 genera, and a total of 321 species.
They live in Sub-Saharan Africa, Madagascar, and South Asia.
They are mainly tree frogs.
There are artistic toothpicks made of silver in antiquity, as well as from mastic wood.
Agua Dulce is a city in the U.S.
state of Texas.
It is located on the Texas Mexican Railway at the intersection of Farm Road 70 and State Highway 44 in west-central Nueces County.
It is named after the local creek of the same name, Agua Dulce is sweet water in Spanish.
Notzilla is a 2019 American comedy-action fantasy giant monster parody film produced by Creepy Ex-Boyfriend, the film was directed by Mitch Teemley.
this film inspired by many japanese monster movies from 1950s'-1970s' itself as a spoof of Godzilla.
Volunteers in Asia (also known as VIA Programs or VIA) is an American educational non-profit organization.
They are based in San Francisco since 1963.
They have a close relation with Stanford University.
Judd Buchanan, (born 25 July 1929) is a Canadian politician and businessman.
He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada between 1968 and 1980.
He represented the electoral area of London West in Ontario.
During this time, he was a part of the Liberal Party.
Buchanan was a part of the cabinet of Canada while Pierre Trudeau was the Prime Minister.
From 1974 to 1976, he was the Minister of Indian Affairs, from 1976 to 1978 he was the Minister of Public Works and the Minister of State for Science and Technology.
He was the President of the Treasury Board from 1978 to 1979.
The United States Half dollar is the largest US coin currently produced and in circulation measuring at 1.2 inches in diameter and 0.08 inches in thickness.
It is worth half of a dollar, or 50 cents.
It is worth the equivalent of 50 pennies, 10 nickels, 5 dimes, or 2 quarters.
Half dollars are 2 times the weight of a US quarter dollar.
After police shot Jacob Blake, many people protested in Kenosha.
It was not wholly a peaceful protest.
Some people broke into shops and stole the things inside.
Some shops were burned down.
Armed civilian counter-protesters also came, some of them from other states.
They said they wanted to protect businesses.
The Wyoming toad or Baxter's toad (Anaxyrus baxteri) is a toad that has become rare.
The only living Wyoming toads are in captivity.
For example, the Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge in Wyoming breeds these toads.
It was listed as endangered in 1984, and as extinct in the wild in 1991.
There were suddenly far fewer Wyoming toads around 1975 and the toad extremely rare by 1980.
To prevent extinction, a captive breeding program was started in 1989 at the Thorne Williams Unit.
This program produced enough young toads in the first few years to send toads to seven different zoos.
In 1998, the Saratoga National Fish Hatchery received toads to breed.
Between 1995 and 2006, when the remaining captive toads were moved from the Thorne Williams Unit to the Red Buttes Environmental Biology Laboratory south of Laramie, nearly 46,000 offspring had been produced at the Thorne Williams Unit and released back into the wild.
Before the sharp declines occurred, this toad was classified as a subspecies of the Canadian toad.
And these have smaller fleas to bite 'em.
Special functions are some mathematical functions used in mathematical analysis or physics.
Most of them appear in higher education.
Some experts are studying numerical methods for them.
Lattanzi's work appears in Tuttolibri de La Stampa and Il Venerdì de La Repubblica.
The Fondation Louis-Vuitton is a modern art museum in Paris, France, on 8 Avenue du Mahatma Gandhi.
It has been created in 2014.
Seres Produções holds an annual event called Room System.
in 1985, a Japanese fishing boat called Yahata Maru by a freak storm coming out by a volcano erupting somewhere in the night.
a sea louse killed one of those crew and stabbed the louse.
Godzilla attacking by a Russian Submarine by some sailors surrounded by the monster.
Godzilla wrecked the whole nuclear power plant and tries to sips the radiation, then by a birds surround communicating Godzilla follow it.
The term ancient monument is a term in British law.
The Xoraxane Roma in Turkey named official since the 1990's in Turkish as Romanlar (singularRoman, male Rom, female Romliye), but other Turkish designations like Çingene (Gypsy), Esmer Vatandaş, Kıpti and many other names also in use, but some used Çingene, or selfname Manuş (Human) and Şopar (Gypsy kid) for themself in East Thrace.
In English they are named Turkish Gypsy.
The Word Gypsy is not pejorative for them.
There are a number of subgroups, all named after their old professional jobs or only Xoraxane.
There Religion is Sunni Muslim of Hanafi school and some are Members of a Sufism Tarika.
Engagement's, marriage's, and circumcision of the boys (Sünnet party)'s, are big festivals.
The Roma people in Turkey speak the Turkish language as first language.
Most do not speak the Romani language anymore, and many hide there Romani Background designate themselves as Turks only, and didn't want to be call as Roma.
The majority live in East Thrace, this is why East Thrace is jokily called Gypsy County' (Şoparistan), and Citys like Istanbul, Edirne and Izmir.
They have Turkish citizenship and adopted the Turkish culture, they havent Romanipen (a special Romani culture-code etc)., like christian roma in europe.
The Romanlar from Turkey distance themselves from all other Roma groups from europe, it doesnt matter if they are Christian or Muslims.
The Romanlar are closer to Turks as to any Roma Groups of Europe.
They have only a lesser similarity with the Turkish speaking Xoraxane Roma from Bulgaria, Romani (Dobruja) or Greece (West-Thrace).
They also havent an Minority status, and they didnt want to be called as Minority.
Some of the Turkish Romani came as Guest worker to Germany and Austria in the 1960-70's.
None of them was looked as Roma by the Host Population, only as Turks in Germany, where some of the Turkish-Romani Men married with German or Austrian Womans.
The Offsprings of this Marriages called Melezi (Halfblood), a Turkish Loanword in the Romani language dialects of the Muslim Roma for people with mixed Romani blood.
There is recorded by Persian poets and historians in the Shahnameh.
According to this records, the Persian king Bahram V of Sassanid Empire, brought several thousand musicians from India to Persia.
From Persia, the descendants of the Indian musicians migrated to different countries.
There are at least 60 living species in the genus.
The football championship of Tunisia, was first held in 1907 by the Ligue Tunisienne de football (Tunisian League of football – LTF) then the Tunisian Football Federation (FTF).
The first edition opposed the three teams of Racing club of Tunis, Football club of Bizerte and Sporting of Ferryville, and the two school teams of the Carnot College of Tunis and the Sadiki College.
About 700 people (~7% of the population) can speak Gaelic.
The Times and The Sunday Times (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers.
They are a subsidiary of News UK, which is wholly owned by News Corp.
The Times and The Sunday Times do not share editorial staff.
They were founded independently, and have only had common ownership since 1966.
Only some of the Iranic languages are from South Asia.
Others are from West Asia or Central Asia.
This table shows the total number of people who speak each language.
in 2005, Gotengo joined forces with Godzilla takes against all creatures, Zilla, King Ceasar, Anguirus, Kamacuras, Kumonga, Ebirah, Hedorah, Gigan, Manda, Xiliens and Monster X/Kaizer Ghidorah.
Protected the humans include, Minilla itself.
INUS condition stands for an insufficient, but necessary part of an unnecessary but sufficient condition.
John Mackie introduced the term in the 1960s.
During the Second World War Ben Gardane Airfield was used by the 57th Fighter Group, which flew P-40 Warhawks from the airfield from 9 to 21 March 1943 during the Eighth Army advance into Tunisia from Libya, to which the 57th was attached.
It was also used by Spitfires from the 601 Squadron RAF.
The Chanda (Malayalam: ചെണ്ട, [tʃeɳʈa]) is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala, Tulu Nadu of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in India.
In Tulu Nadu (Coastal Karnataka), it is known as chende.
It is greatly identified as a cultural element in Kerala.
This instrument is famous for its loud and rigid sound.
A Chenda has two sides, the left side called Edamthala (ഇടം തല)(Left Head) and the right side Valamthala (വലം തല)(Right Head).
The Edamthala is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the Valamthala will have a five/seven layer skin, so as to have a bass sound.
The skin are dried in the shade and fastened on wooden rings (Chenda Vattam, ചെണ്ട വട്ടം) made of the trunk of a locally available palm tree (Eeranpana) or bamboo, using a gum prepared from the seed of a tree called pananchi maram.
The circular frame is kept in a vessel, boiled for an entire day and then bent in the form of circle and dried.
The body of the Chenda which is 1 ft in diameter and 1.5 inches thickness is made of the soft wood of the jackfruit tree (വരിക്ക പ്ലാവ്) (Varikka Plavu).
The thickness is again reduced by 0.25 inches, at simultaneous points separated by 4 inches.
This is done in order to produce highly resonating sound.
Only the wooden rings with the skin (Chenda Vattam) is replaced once the quality of the sound is not up to the mark.
For regular Chenda artists an average of 15 rings are required every year.
During World War II Malindi was one of only two towns in East Africa bombed by the Italians.
This happened on 24 October 1940.
After the World War II Malindi began developing into a resort.
Mtwapa is a small town lying on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya.
Mtwapa is home to a large number of European retirees and holiday-makers from countries such as Germany, Holland and Great Britain.
It is also a destination for sex tourism.
Mtwapa Creek is a starting point for fishing tours.
And White power in 1967.
These books will give you a lot more insight into his life for those researching him.
The British Academy is the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and the social sciences.
in, 1966.
an arctic headquarters inside an giant robotic gorilla created by Who himself an a copy-alike of King Kong, Mechani-Kong digging by an mysterious object known as Element X an crystaline radiation.
then in Mondo Island a group of United Nations submarine groups, then Susan caught by an Gorosaurus who tries to eat her, Kong awakes to fights Gorosaurus to death. Dr.
Who arrives Mondo Island to hunt Kong to use as a prisoner, those helicopters launched an gassed bomb to unconscious the ape and carried by an larger ship.
Kong watches an Mechani-Kong as a real aside, then hypnotized Kong to dig an Element X, and escaped.
Kong goes on a rampage to Tokyo, an JSDF tanks surrounded the ape, an Mechani-Kong upsets catches Susan kidnapped, running the robot follows to the Tokyo Tower.
Kong holds Mechani-Kong's leg and dropping Susan and hold her onto the place, Mechani-Kong steps an tower and electrocutes the giant robot ape, Mechani-Kong fell off the tower and crashes to metal pieces.
Kong attacked Who inside the giant ship, wrecked and destroyed in the entire sea, Kong victoriously wins and leaving swimmingly Kong went, Japan to Mondo Island instead.
Watamu is a small town located approximately 105 km north of Mombasa and about 15 km south of Malindi on the Indian Ocean coast of Kenya.
Its main economic activities are tourism and fishing.
The town has a population of around 30,000 in 2020.
The list does not include all caves.
Füssen is on the sides of the Lech River, which flows into the Forggensee.
The Forggensee is a man-made lake which was built to prevent flooding.
It is the drainage area for all the melting snow in the spring, and is drained after the middle of October.
Many animals have spaces or compartments in their body.
These spaces or compartments are called body cavity.
They are there for organs, or other structures.
Sometimes, there is a space between two organs.
This space is known as potential body cavity.
Potential body cavities usually contain fluid.
In the human body, there is a large body cavity on the side of the belly, and another on the side of the back.
The one on the side of the belly is called ventral body cavity, the one on the back dorsal body cavity.
The Academia Europaea is the pan-European Academy of Humanities, Letters, Law, and Sciences.
Ghede Nibo is a Rada spirit, considered a great healer.
He is seen carrying a bottle of white rum infused with medicinal herbs.
Often he also smokes a cigar.
Nibo is the special patron of those who die young.
The following constructors and drivers were under contract to compete in the 2021 World Championship.
All teams competed with tyres supplied by Pirelli.
Each team was required to enter at least two drivers, one for each of the two mandatory cars.
Yuri Zisser (1960–2020) made the website in October 2000.
The website worked with digital media rights since January 2019.
In 1998, Oluwaseyi trained at Industrial Control Services in Houston, Texas on Safety Shutdown System; and Development of Analytical Competence for Managing Operations at Lagos Business School (now Pan-Atlantic University)in 1999.
In 2000, he had training in automation.
In 2002, he studied Fundamentals of Crude Sampling at Jiskoot Auto Control Training Centre, Kent, England.
Also, in 2005, he studied Understanding and Solving Difficult Business Problems at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA.
The debate has involved the Government of India and the Supreme Court of India, and is connected to the debate about a uniform civil code (Article 44, a Directive Principle of state policy, Constitution of India) in India.
On 22 August 2017, the Indian Supreme Court tagged instant triple talaq (talaq-e-biddah) as unconstitutional.
Three of the five judges in the panel concurred that the practice of triple talaq is unconstitutional.
The remaining two declared the practice to be constitutional.
Leavy has written more than forty books, including both fiction and non-fiction books.
She is the creator and former editor for numerous book series, including Art Plus (Brill/Sense), A Little Bit About (Brill/Sense), Personal/Public Scholarship (Brill/Sense), Teaching Writing (Brill/Sense), Teaching Race & Ethnicity (Brill/Sense), Teaching Gender (Brill/Sense), Social Fictions (Brill/Sense), and Research to the Point and Understanding Qualitative Research (Oxford University Press).
On October 2, 2016, Blockberry Creative announced through Naver that they would be forming their first girl group through an 18-month long project.
Between October 2016 and January 2017, four members (HeeJin, HyunJin, HaSeul, and YeoJin) joined the group; each member released a single album usually having a solo track and another track performed with other members, under the group's Korean name Idarui Sonyeo ().
In March 2017, the group's first sub-unit, Loona 1/3, was introduced, made up of previous members HeeJin, HyunJin, HaSeul and a new member, ViVi.
Loona 1/3 released the extended play Love & Live with a single of the same name on March 13, 2017, with a television promotion on SBS's Inkigayo, On April 27, they released a repackaged version of the extended play, titled Love & Evil, with the single Sonatine.
Love & Live and its reissued version reached number 10 and 24 respectively on South Korea's Gaon Album Chart.
Between April 2017 and July 2017, members ViVi, Kim Lip, JinSoul, and Choerry released their single albums, continuing the same Girl of the Month pattern.
In September 2017, three members, HeeJin, HyunJin and HaSeul, auditioned for JTBC's reality show Mix Nine; HeeJin and HyunJin passed the audition stage making it onto the show, where HyunJin placed Top 18 and HeeJin placed fourth in the finale.
The group's second sub-unit, Loona Odd Eye Circle, consisting of JinSoul, Kim Lip and Choerry, released the extended play Mix & Match and its single Girl Front on September 21, 2017, and began promotions on Mnet's M Countdown.
The English version of their song Loonatic was released on October 23.
On October 31, they released a repackaged version of the extended play, titled Max & Match, with three new songs including the single Sweet Crazy Love.
Mix & Match and the repackaged version peaked at number 16 and 7 respectively on the Gaon Album Chart.
On August 15, Blockberry published the official tracklist for [+ +] (read as plus plus) as their debut extended play as a full group.
The extended play included Favorite and was released on August 20, 2018 alongside the title track, Hi High.
It started at number 2 on South Korea's Gaon Album Chart, and was the second best-selling debut album by a girl group in 2018.
[+ +] was repackaged as [X X] (read as multiple multiple) on February 19, 2019, with six more tracks, including a new single, Butterfly.
On August 17, 2019, Loona made their first appearance in the United States, performing at KCON 2019 in Los Angeles.
On December 13, 2019, Loona released a single called 365 as an appreciation song for their fans.
BMO Field hosted the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup, the first major tournament held at the stadium.
The stadium saw the Canadian Under-20 squad once.
The stadium also saw six knockout stage games including the Final; which was won by Argentina.
Due to FIFA sponsorship regulations, the venue was referred to as the National Soccer Stadium during the event.
He made his first start of the 2020-21 season on October 17, 2020 due to injury.The match was a 1–0 win against Arsenal.
On November 3, 2020, Cancelo scored his first Champions League goal for Manchester City in a 3–0 win against Greek team Olympiacos.
His first league goal of the season happened on January 26, 2021.
In that match, Cancelo scored the 2nd goal in a 5–0 win against West Bromwich Albion.
He was named in the 2020-21 PFA Team of the Year.
An example: To make a program that searches all the files on your computer, it has to be able to keep track of which folders it has already searched through, so it doesn't look through the same folder twice.
So it does this: inside each folder, it goes as far down into subfolders as it can.
Every time it checks something to see if it matches, it will write it down on the list as already searched.
Then it will leave and go to the next subfolder.
If there are no subfolders left, it will backtrack another step and look in the next bigger folder.
It does this until it has looked through everything.
EuroTrip is a 2004 American comedy movie directed by Jeff Schaffer.
Elektryon was a king in ancient Greek mythology.
He was king a small fishing town in Mycenae.
Mycenae was part of Ancient Greece.
He was the grandfather of the demigod Hercules.
Elektryon's daughter Alcmene was Hercules' human mother and the god Zeus was Hercules' father.
Elektryon became very sad when he found out his daughter Alcmene had had sexual intercourse with Zeus.
He told Alcmene to leave, so she went to a farming region.
A sorting algorithm is called stable if it preserves the order of elements with the same sorting key.
Otherwise it is called unstable.
Note that being stable has nothing to do with how difficult it is to do the sorting (known as complexity).
Bubble sort is very easy to implement, but takes a very long time.
It is a stable sorting algorithm.
Heapsort is very efficient, but it is not stable.
Formally stability may be defined as, how the algorithm treats equal elements.
Let A[] be an array, and let ‘<‘ be a strict weak ordering on the elements of A[].
A sorting algorithm is stable if: i < j and A[i]=A[j] implies pi(i) < pi(j) where pi is the sorting permutation (sorting moves A[i] to position pi(i)).
In Setubal is Portugal’s largest covered market, and the Igreja do Convento de Jesus church.
Michael Darwin Morley (1930 – October 11, 2020) was an American mathematician.
Morley was professor emeritus at Cornell University.
Super Wings (Korean: 출동!슈퍼윙스; Chinese: 超级飞侠) is a South Korean animated television series produced by FunnyFlux Entertainment in South Korea and distributed by Alpha Group Co., Ltd.
in China, and Little Airplane Productions in the United States and It aired broadcasting to Sprout/Universal Kids to on March 14, 2015 and until 2021, with the production support from the Educational Broadcasting System in South Korea, and additional support from KOCCA.
The governor leads the executive branch of the Lagos State Government.
Obsession is a song.
It is the second single by the French Canadian synthpop group Nudimension.
Bytecode, also termed portable code or p-code, is a form of instruction set designed for efficient execution by a software interpreter.
Unlike human-readable source code, bytecodes are compact numeric codes, constants, and references (normally numeric addresses) that encode the result of compiler parsing and performing semantic analysis of things like type, scope, and nesting depths of program objects.
People had been using microbial lactic acid fermentation to produce food long before Pasteur had described it.
Archeological finds show that the fermentation of milk has a long history.
Its first uses may have been part of the Neolithic Revolution.
Milk contains lactic acid bacteria.
Given the right temperature, the fermentation process will happen spontaneously.
These first farmers likely had another problem: When people become adults most lose the ability to digest fresh milk.
These farmers had an interest to make milk digestible by adults.
Lactic acid bacteria contain the enzymes needed to digest lactose.
During lactic acid fermentation, the number of lactic acid bacteria increase.
So even if fermentation only happens for a short time, the product will contain enough enzymes, which allows the milk to be digested by adults.
Even safer was a longer fermentation, which was practiced for cheesemaking.
This process was also discovered a very long time ago, which is proven by recipes for cheese production on Cuneiform scripts, the first written documents that exist, and a bit later in Babylonian and Egyptian texts.
Milk products and their fermentation have had an important influence on some cultures’ development.
This is the case in Mongolia, where people often practice a pastoral form of agriculture.
The milk that they produce and consume in these cultures is mainly mare milk and has a long tradition.
But not every part or product of the fresh milk has the same meaning.
The fattier part on the top, the deež, is seen as the most valuable part and is therefore often used to honor guests.
The pre-season schedule was published on June 13, 2019.
means player spent time with another team before joining the Jets.
Stats reflect time with the Jets only.
<br>means player was traded mid-season.
Stats reflect time with the Jets only.
In a Cross-site Scripting attack (XSS), the attacker uses your vulnerable web page to deliver malicious JavaScript to your user.
The user's browser executes this malicious JavaScript on the user's Computer.
Note that about one in three websites is vulnerable to Cross-site scripting.
Non-persistent XSS vulnerabilities in Google could allow sites to attack Google users who visit them while logged in.
The persistent XSS vulnerability is a more devastating variant of a cross-site scripting flaw: it occurs when the data provided by the attacker is saved by the server, and then permanently displayed on normal pages returned to other users in the course of regular browsing, without proper HTML escaping.
Self-XSS is a form of XSS vulnerability which relies on social engineering in order to trick the victim into executing malicious JavaScript code into their browser.
Best result at the end of a season.
In the 2003–04 season, 1.
FC Kaiserslautern received a three-point penalty.
In the 1999–2000 season.
Eintracht Frankfurt received a two-point penalty.
In the 1971–72 season, Arminia Bielefeld's record was expunged as a penalty.
Ohkay Owingeh is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States and a federally recognized tribe of Native American Pueblo people.
Monster Shark or Devil Fish in english titles, is a 1984 Italian science fiction horror-comedy thriller action monster movie directed by Lamberto Bava.
this film was final film of Cinema Shares closing in 1986.
provided by special effects done by Ovidio Taito and Germano Natali.
filming was provided include, Florida, Italy in May 5-10 1984.
In his managerial career, he has been head coach of Egypt, and has been assistant manager of the Netherlands (under Frank Rijkaard and Louis van Gaal) and Ajax (under Ronald Koeman).
He became interim manager of Ajax after the resignation of Koeman.
He was manager of AC Ajaccio in France Ligue 2 from 2006 to 2007.
He returned as manager of Egyptian giants Zamalek in August 2007.
He had previously managed them from 1994 to 1999, winning the Egyptian Cup in 1999, the African Cup of Champions Clubs in 1996 and the Afro-Asian Club Championship 1997, the last two being the biggest club level prizes available to CAF clubs.
Krol's return to Zamalek was meant to be a stabilizing presence, the club having gone through several managers in the preceding two seasons.
In the three years with the Orlando Pirates he won two South African cups (and a finalist once) and won the national league, all in his last year in charge of the team.
The main town in Karur District is the city of Karur, which is also the district headquarters.
It is the centrally located district of Tamil Nadu.
It is bounded by Namakkal district in the north, Dindigul district in the south, Tiruchirapalli district on the east.
The Stadio Renato Dall'Ara has been a venue at 2 FIFA World Cup tournaments.
Deutsche Borse AG or the Deutsche Borse Group, is a marketplace organizer for the trading of shares and other securities.
It is also a transaction services provider.
It gives companies and investors access to global capital markets.
It is a joint stock company and was founded in 1993.
The headquarters are in Frankfurt.
As of December 2010, the over 765 companies listed had a combined market capitalization of EUR 1.4 trillion.
On 1 October 2014, Deutsche Borse AG became the 14th announced member of the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative.
Clearstream has around 2,500 customers in 110 countries.
Clearstream accepts central banks and AML-regulated credit institutions (such as regulated banks) as customers.
Clearstream does not accept natural persons as customers and no account is opened in the name of a natural person.
Clearstream has therefore been described as a bank for banks (Plumbers and Visionaries, a history of settlement and custody in Europe, Peter Norman).
In 2011, OCC was the largest clearing house in the USA.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) are the two parts of government that watch over OCC.
Under the SEC, OCC helps with stocks and options, indexes for stocks, foreign currencies, and futures contracts.
The OCC is called a registered Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO) by the CFTC.
The have helped pay for schools to teach investors about trading, and they help finance advisors and companies learn answers to very difficult problems.
They also teach about risk.
OCC is run by a board of directors, and the board is mostly people who work at big banks and trading companies.
They are a utility, like a power company is a utility, but for financial things.
They are called a financial utility provider.
They make money from the big banks and trading companies they work with.
Icaria, also spelled Ikaria (), is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea, 10 nautical miles (19 km) southwest of Samos.
The island is named after Icarus, the son of Daedalus in Greek mythology.
The historic capitals of the island include Oenoe and Evdilos.
On 24 November 2018, Yang won the Kinmen County magistrate election.
He defeated incumbent Chen Fu-hai.
Farmen (The Farm) is a Norwegian & Swedish television programme that aired for the first time in 2001.
It is a game show.
Kongsberg is a town located in Buskerud county in Norway.
Kongsberg has a population of 27.716 as of 2020.
['Porsgrunn porcelain factory' or] Porsgrund porselænsfabrik was established in 1885.
The factory has been turned into a small shopping center with a gym and thousands of squarefeet of office spaces.
A Japanese prince to the Emperor after the Emperor banished Aku to the Pit of Hate.
As a young boy, he left his kingdom once Aku enslaved it.
The boy grew older and encountered Aku.
The prince was sent to the distant future and met a trio of street aliens that nicknamed him Jack as in friend.
He adopted it as his name.
Jack realized he got sent to the distant future and has encountered dozens of solutions to go back to the past and stop Aku from creating a dystopian future.
Lloyds Bank plc is a British retail and commercial bank with branches across England and Wales.
It has traditionally been considered one of the Big Four clearing banks.
The bank was founded in Birmingham in 1765.
It expanded during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and took over a number of smaller banking companies.
In 1995 it merged with the Trustee Savings Bank and traded as Lloyds TSB Bank plc between 1999 and 2013.
The bank is the principal subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group, which was formed in January 2009 by the acquisition of HBOS by the then-Lloyds TSB Group.
That year, following the UK bank rescue package, the British Government took a 43.4% stake in Lloyds Banking Group.
As a condition imposed by the European Commission regarding state aid, the group later announced that it would create a new standalone retail banking business, made up of a number of Lloyds TSB branches and those of Cheltenham & Gloucester.
The new business began operations on 9 September 2013 under the TSB brand.
Lloyds TSB was subsequently renamed Lloyds Bank on 23 September 2013.
On 17 March 2017, the British Government confirmed its remaining shares in Lloyds Banking Group had been sold.
Credits adapted from album liner notes.
The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
The candidates in this section have received substantial media coverage, hold or have held significant elected office, and/or have been included in at least five national polls.
The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
He was the founder and first organising chairman of the Top 50 Enterprise Awards 2007 of the Young Entrepreneurs Association of Malaysia.
He went on to become the association's Penang chairman.
The mission names start with AX which stands for Axiom Space, followed by the mission number.
After birth, Tatiana moved to the Tyumen Oblast, Russia, together with her parents.
In 2007, she graduated from the Economics Department of Moscow State University.
Within the society also is active the International Art Academy which is an examination board based on UK and US models (an international nonprofit training, education, and certifying organization) only for arts.
Many well known artists serves as members, mentors or (honorary) professors like Małgorzata Chodakowska (sculpture), Tolgahan Çoğulu, Marios Joannou Elia, Dario Cebić, Pero Šiša, Thelxis Theohari (Θέλξη Θεοχάρη, the author of a number of the public monuments in Greece), Melissa Studdard (an author, the winner of a Forward National Literature Award and Pinnacle Book Achievement Award), Dimitris P.
Kraniotis, Candice James (the poet laureate of New Westminster, British Columbia), Robert Hagan (a painter and the host of the Discovery HD/Discovery television show Splash of Color), Miran Vaupotich and others.
Japanese Americans were among the three largest Asian American ethnic communities during the 20th century; but, according to the 2000 census, they have declined in number to constitute the sixth largest Asian American group at around 773,000, including those of partial ancestry.
According to the 2010 census, the largest Japanese American communities were found in California with 272,528, Hawaii with 185,502, New York with 37,780, Washington with 35,008, Illinois with 17,542, and Ohio with 16,995.
Southern California has the largest Japanese American population in North America.
The city of Gardena holds the densest Japanese American population in the 48 contiguous states.
Lehman has a 37-acre (15 hectare) campus with a combination of Collegiate Gothic and modern architecture, located near the Jerome Park Reservoir at 250 Bedford Park Boulevard West (250 West 200th Street).
Even for the same input, it may show different behaviors on different runs.
This may be contrasted with a deterministic algorithm.
Swiss Americans are Americans of Swiss descent.
Swiss emigration to America predates the formation of the United States, often as the result of the persecution of Anabaptism during the Swiss Reformation and the formation of the Amish community.
In the 19th century, there was lots of immigration of Swiss farmers, who preferred rural settlements in the Midwest.
Nights after is a little love story.
The guy Sergey from the provinces falls in love with the Moscow girl Natasha.
She came on vacation to her grandmother in the village.
They meet at night on the river bank.
He bathes naked.
She does not see him in the dark and also strips naked.
An uncomfortable situation develops, but as a result they begin to be friends.
MBB, or alternatively the Big Three when used in relation to the consulting industry, refers to the three major strategic consulting companies.
They are considered to be the most prestigious firms in the management consulting industry.
as the first returning singer from I Am a Singer Season 2 and as the first challenger joined the competition.
Finally, Zhao Lei got No.2 challenge success and is eliminated.
as the third returning singer from I Am a Singer Season 3 and as the third challenger joined the competition.
Finally, Diamond Zhang got No.8 challenge failure.
Due to withdrew from the competition, Diamond Zhang is deemed as a substitute singer to join 4th round of competition and there is no challenge in this round.
After graduating high school in San Diego, Jaff completed a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology and Minors in Criminal Justice and Political Science from the .
She later completed a Master's degree in International Relations at in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Additionally, she intermittently attended La Sorbonne in Paris, King's College in London, and Columbia University in New York for extended programs both during and after completing her degrees.
The artist also subsequently won one or more additional competitive awards.
The artist also received one or more honorary or non-competitive awards.
The artist also earned the Triple Crown of Acting, with singular (non-group/ensemble/company) acting wins in the Emmy, Oscar and Tony awards.
The artist has won a Daytime Emmy Award, not a Primetime Emmy Award.
The artist was awarded posthumously.
The artist has subsequently achieved multiple EGOTs.
Even Worse is the Fifth album by Weird Al, released in 1988, which helped to revitalize his career after the failure of Polka Party.
, often called as TWCU or , is a well-known private university in Tokyo, Japan.
Jean Darnel (1923 – 20 November 2020) was a French actor and director.
He was born in Bayonne, France.
He acted and directed many French productions of classical plays such as Romeo and Juliet, Hamlet and Cyrano de Bergerac.
Hassabis is the CEO and co-founder of DeepMind, a machine learning AI startup, founded in London in 2010 with Shane Legg and Mustafa Suleyman.
Hassabis met Legg when both were postdocs at University College London's Gatsby Computational Neuroscience Unit, and he and Suleyman had been friends through family.
Hassabis also recruited his university friend and Elixir partner David Silver.
Antica Dolceria Bonajuto is a chocolate factory founded in Modica in 1880, known as the oldest in Sicily and one of the oldest in Italy.
Defection is when a person leaves their home country in a way the home country claims to be illegal.
To the first country, they can be seen as traitors.
A camera flash, sometimes called a strobe or just a flash, is a device used in photography to allow pictures to be taken of dark areas by producing a flash of very bright light.
Flashes were first used in the late 1800's in the form of a stick with magnesium on the top that when burned would produce very bright light (the stick was held in the air, and the camera shutter released at the same time), later camera flashes used a special type of light bulb known as a flashbulb, and modern flashes use LED's or a special type of tube which emits a flash of mostly blue light when electricity is applied to it from the flash capacitor (known as a xenon flashtube).
Since it seems that they are common, that raises the question of why the Solar System has its largest planet so far from its star.
This led astronomers to think the Earth's Jupiter was first much closer to the Sun, and moved out later to its present orbit.
In this example, the International Space Station has an even lower orbit than Starship.
The International Space Station orbits high at 51.64° inclination.
Starship in this case orbits high at 98.9° inclination.
Below the spacecraft is a tall Super Heavy booster rocket.
This booster can hold about of propellant.
Super Heavy and Starship's propellants are liquid methane and liquid oxygen.
The booster is made from stainless steel rings.
These rings are thick, tall, and diameter.
Note: The start dates are when rocket stages were first seen, and the end dates are when they are destroyed or not used anymore.
Tamil Brahmins are Tamil-speaking Brahmins, primarily living in Tamil Nadu, although a few of them have settled in other states like, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka.
They can be broadly divided into three religious groups, Gurukkals who follow Saivism, Iyers who follow the Srauta and Smartha tradition and Iyengars who follow Sri Vaishnavism.
Mangalore, the second largest and a major city of Karnataka, is the chief and largest city of Tulu Nadu.
Udupi, Kasaragod and Puttur are the other major cities of this region.
In many other variants recorded during the colonial era, Thomas of Cana had two wives or partners, one of them being the ancestor of the endogamous Southists, and the other one being the ancestor of the Northist.
A number of traditions and stories have emerged to explain the status of either wife, and both Southists and Northists historically used variants of these traditions to claim superiority for their group.
Bellion released several singles in early 2015, including Woodstock (Psychedelic Fiction), All Time Low, and Woke the F*ck Up through Capitol Records.
On March 31, 2015, Bellion announced his second national tour, The Definition Tour.
The tour started on May 26 and ended on July 2.
On January 25, Bellion teased a snippet of an upcoming song on an Instagram video.
On April 16, Bellion began teasing his next album with 4 captions captioned with GSP.
The fragments bear the remains of two different writings.
The baculum (also penis bone), is a bone found in the penis of many male mammals.
It is absent in the human penis, but present in the penises of our close relatives the apes, such as the gorilla and chimpanzee.
Lipstick feminism is a kind of feminism that originated with third wave feminism of the 1990s and 2000s.
In the first two waves, feminists fought for ideas such as being able to vote in elections.
Lipstick feminists still see themselves as feminists, but they also want to keep some of their attributes as women, such as their sexuality, or attractiveness.
Women like Zora Neale Hurston and Emma Goldman have argued that by using philosophical ideas of aesthetics and ideas of femininity, it is possible to empower and analyze the ways that gender works in daily life.
Bat Trang pottery village was established about 1000 years ago in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam.
Located in an area rich in white clay, the people of the village had the advantage of producing pottery.
Five famous pottery families of Bo Bat village (now Ninh Bình Province) came and brought pottery artisans to Bat Trang village.
The five families and the Nguyen family of Bat Trang opened the first pottery production kilns in the village.
About the 12th century, Hua Vinh Kieu learned some new techniques of pottery production from Guangdong Province in China and taught Bat Trang pottery makers how to make a white glaze.
Bat Trang village festival is organized from the 14th to 16th day of the second lunar month each year.
The festival brings various special activities to honor the first pottery making.
The people of the village have some traditional games such as  xiangqi (or Chinese chess), chessboard, tug of war, choir.
Many special ceramic products of the village's best craftsmen are displayed at the time.
The largest Bat Trang pottery market displays and sells many ceramic products of the village.
Visitors can buy and learn to make pottery products.
Located at the entrance to Bat Trang village, the market covers an area of about 20,000 feet (6000 meters).
Van Van is a private museum of the traditional pottery of Bat Trang village.  Mr.
Tran Ngoc Lam, a member of the UNESCO Center for Research and Conservation of Vietnam Antiques, built the museum in 2002.
The museum includes 3 old houses from the 19th century.
It displays more than 400 pottery products that were made from the 15th century to the 19th century by the people of the Bat Trang village.
The series started with an order of 22 episodes.
On May 3, 2009, Fox said that a second season with 13 more episodes will happen.
This was said before the series was first shown on television.
The second season was later given 9 more episodes.
On June 10, 2010, Fox said that a third season would happen.
On May 9, 2011, Fox said the fourth season will happen.
Paramount+ (formerly CBS All Access) is an American streaming service, It is owned and operated by Paramount Streaming, a part of Paramount Global.
It offers original content, content which was recently broadcast CBS companies and content from the Paramount Global library.
In the United States, many markets offer a live stream from the main channel of the local CBS affiliate.
As of November 5, 2020, it had 17.9 million subscribers.
Manu is the newest Fairy Godmother of the Enchanted Kingdom.
Her grandmother, an experienced and powerful Fairy, is retiring and Manu came to take the job with her magic wand, which is actually a colorful umbrella.
She has all the qualities needed to become a great Fairy Godmother: she is brave, impetuous, she has a great heart and plenty of energy to get her hands dirty and help others.
However, Manu thinks he already knows everything.
Her excitement and anxiety is so great that she wants to take action right away.
She runs over and ends up taking actions that only make the situation worse and then she has to double her efforts to correct her mistakes.
Granny is Manu's grandmother.
She is a retired and experienced fairy, who usually helps her granddaughter with some spell problems.
He maintained a long feud with Francisco de Quevedo, with both poets writing many pieces attacking one another.
Quevedo criticized him for his large nose, passion for gambling, and even accused Góngora of Sodomy, which was a capital crime in 17th century Spain.
This angry feud ended when Quevedo bought the house Góngora lived in solely to eject him from it.
In 1626, a severe illness which impaired Góngora's memory forced him to return to Córdoba, where he died the following year.
An edition of his poems was published almost immediately after his death by Juan López de Vicuña.
^ – MLS did not have draws until the 2000 season.
^ – MLS did not have draws until the 2000 season.
Ignaz Puschnik (5 February 1934 – 17 December 2020) was an Austrian football midfielder.
He played for Austria from 1957 to 1964 and during the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
He also played for Kapfenberger SV from 1956 to 1964.
Puschnik was born in Vienna.
The boroughs of Enfield, Haringey, Islington, Hackney, Tower Hamlets, Newham, Waltham Forest, Redbridge, Barking & Dagenham and Havering.
The boroughs of Hillingdon, Harrow, Brent, Ealing, Barnet, Camden, Hammersmith & Fulham, Kensington & Chelsea and Westminster, and the City of London.
The boroughs of Lambeth, Southwark, Lewisham, Bromley, Greenwich and Bexley.
The boroughs of Hounslow, Richmond, Kingston, Wandsworth, Merton, Sutton and Croydon.
Helen Slayton-Hughes (October 30, 1930; December, 7 2022) is an American actress.
She played Ethel Beavers in Parks and Recreation.
She was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Her career began in 1980.
Steam blanching systems inject hot air onto food as it passes through the blanching system on a conveyor belt.
This method reduces the leaching of water-soluble compounds from the product.
It is more energy-efficient.
This reduced heat exposure preserves color, flavor, and overall quality of the food.
Among researchers of the subject there is some consensus that Perseus never existed and was actually a creation of Soviet intelligence.
However, Haynes and Klehr are emphatic that Seborer should not be identified with Perseus, since while Perseus would have been an invention probably based on Theodore Hall, Seborer's life and profile have no relation to the characteristics attributed to Perseus.
The Big Bang produced a hot, dense, nearly homogeneous universe.
As the universe expanded and cooled, particles, then nuclei, and finally atoms formed.
At a redshift of about 1100, equal to about 400,000 years after the Big Bang, when the primordial plasma filling the universe cooled enough for protons and electrons to combine into neutral hydrogen atoms, the universe became optically thin by which photons from this early era no longer interacted with matter.
We detect these photons today as the cosmic microwave background (CMB).
The CMB shows that the universe was still smooth and uniform.
After the protons and electrons combined to produce the first hydrogen atoms, the universe contained a nearly uniform, almost completely neutral, intergalactic medium (IGM) for which the most amount of matter component was hydrogen gas.
With no glowing sources present, these are known as the Dark Ages.
Theoretical models predict that, over the next few hundred million years, gravity slowly condensed the gas into denser and denser regions, in which the first stars eventually appeared, marking Cosmic Dawn.
As more stars formed, and the first galaxies formed, they flooded the universe with ultraviolet photons capable of ionize hydrogen gas.
A few hundred million years after Cosmic Dawn, the first stars produced enough ultraviolet photons to re-ionize essentially all the universe's hydrogen atoms.
This is called the Reionization era which is the hallmark event of this early generation of galaxies.
The beginning of structural complexity in the universe caused a remarkable transformation, but one that we have not yet looked into.
By going even farther back than what the Hubble telescope can see, the truly first structures in the universe can be studied.
Theoretical models suggest that present measurements are beginning to find the last part of Reionization, but the first stars and galaxies, in the Dark Ages and the Cosmic Dawn, currently lie above our understanding.
The QS World University Rankings list the world's universities in order from the most prestigious to least.
QS Stars is a rating system that is designed to help students in choosing right university.
The rating system is based on topics that are matter of importance to students.
The rating system is from 0 to 5.
These ratings are applied to 13 key categories.
First leg was played on 3 May 1972.
Second leg was played on 17 May 1972.
Scores and results list Portugal's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Jota goal.
(*): Region had two teams that finished in 3rd/4th place in this year.
Smartphones got a processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 865 and GPU Adreno 650.
OnePlus 8 Pro received a battery of the volume of 4510 mAh and support for 30-watt fast, fast 30-watt wireless charging and reverse wireless charging with a capacity of 3 watts.
The OnePlus 8 Pro received a Fluid AMOLED, 6.78, 2K (3160 x 1440) screen, with a pixel density of 513 ppi, a 19.8:9 aspect ratio, a 120 Hz screen refresh rate and a round cutout under the camera on top of the left corner.
Also under the display of smartons built-in fingerprint scanner.
Smartphones have received stereo speakers.
The role of the second speaker is spoken.
Smartphones are sold in 8/128 and 12/256 GB.
The OnePlus 8 received LPDDR4X type RAM and the OnePlus 8 Pro received LPDDR5.
The smartphones were released on OxygenOS 10 based on Android 10.
Have been upgraded to OxygenOS 11 based on Android 11.
Xiaomi's mascot, Mitu, is a white rabbit wearing an Ushanka (known locally as a Lei Feng hat in China) with a red star and a red scarf around its neck.
Xiaomi Mi Note 10 (he same Mi CC9 Pro in China) - smartphone developed by the company Xiaomi.
The first smartphone with a pent-up camera at 108 MP.
In addition, the smartphone uses AI widely for photographing, as well as RAW format.
The smartphone can shoot video 4K@30fps and ultra-slow 720p video at 960 hp or 1080p at 240 hp.
DxOMark rated the smartphone cameras at huawei mate 30 Pro level, which costs twice as much.
Photos from Xiaomi Mi Note 10 received 130 points (Huawei — 132), and video from Xiaomi scored 102 points (Huawei only 100).
Xiaomi Mi Note 10 thus finished second after the Huawei Mate 30 Pro, pushing the samsung Galaxy Note 10+ 5G into third place.
The fingerprint scanner is built under the screen.
Xiaomi Mi Note 10 has a fast charger with a capacity of 30 W.
It can be charged up to 58% in half an hour, and up to 100% in 65 minutes.
On 14 October 2020, OnePlus released The OxygenOS 11 based on Android 11 for OnePlus 8T models and other 8 series models.
They introduced many features such as AOD (Always on Display) and One Handed Mode Better Experience.
OxygenOS's latest version is faster, smoother, and smarter than ever.
He was the president of Bangladesh Path Natok Parishad and a member of Aranyak Natyadal.
He had written around 15 theater plays.
The OnePlus 5T includes only a single variant for cellular networks worldwide.
This cat's body is 42 to 79 cm long and its tail is another 22 to 33 cm long.
It can weigh 3 to 4 kg.
Its fur is thick and long.
It can be pale yellow to dark gray-brown or dark dull red in color.
It can have stripes or spots or not.
It almost always has rings on its legs and tail.
Part IV is written for New Year's Day (January 1).
The words tell the story of the circumcision of Jesus.
Part V is written for the Sunday after New Year's Day.
The words tell the story of the Magi's arrival in Jerusalem.
Darul Uloom Deoband was established on 31 May 1866 by Muhammad Qasim Nanotawi and other scholars in his circle.
The founders include Sayyid Muhammad Abid, Mehtab Ali and Nehal Ahmad (brother-in-law of Muhammad Qasim Nanautavi).
None was ever prosecuted for spying.
The number and membership of the ring became public slowly, since the 1950s.
Their most damaging achievement was to pass information about the Manhattan Project to the Soviet Union.
In the 1931 Spanish local elections PSOE endorsed republican positions.
In 1974, Felipe González won the leadership of the party, and announced the party will stop supporting marxism, which was made offcial in 1979.
Tropical Storm Ana was the first tropical cyclone of the year.
This storm threatened Bermuda, warranting a Tropical Storm Watch, but it did not affect that area.
It moved northeast and dissipated on May 24.
This storm formed before hurricane season officially begun, continuing the 7-year streak of pre-season systems.
Tropical Storm Bill threatened the East Coast of the United States as it formed into Tropical Depression Two, but it did not affect that region and continued northeast into the Atlantic Ocean, south of Canada, and dissipated on June 16.
Tropical Storm Claudette formed just off the coast of Louisiana and made landfall in eastern Terrebonne Parish, and weakened to a tropical depression travelled across Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, the Carolinas, and southern Virginia before moving into the Atlantic, reintensifying into a tropical storm on June 21 and turning post-tropical the next day.
The storm later dissipated the next day.
This storm killed 14 people in Alabama, 4 of which were direct.
These names will be used for named storms that form in the North Atlantic in 2021.
Retired names, if any, will be announced by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2022.
The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2027 season.
This is the same list used in the 2015 season, with the exceptions of Elsa and Julian, which replaced Erika and Joaquin.
The names Elsa, Julian, Rose, Sam, Teresa, Victor, and Wanda was used for the first time this year.
Pramod Pandurang Sawant (born 24 April 1973) is an Indian politician.
He is the current Chief Minister of Goa.
He is an Ayurveda Medical practitioner by profession.
Nectanebo II ruled in 360–342 BC.
He was the third and last pharaoh of the Thirtieth Dynasty of Egypt, and the last native ruler of ancient Egypt.
Little died in prison in Los Angeles County, California on December 30, 2020 at the age of 80.
Samuel Little claimed to have strangled more than 93 people between 1970 and 2005, though many of his victims' deaths were first ruled as accidental or overdoses.
Many of Little's victims' bodies were never found, and the confessions he provided along with a sketch could not be matched to a known missing person.
The base (economy) is made up of the means of production (such as land, factories, raw materials) and the relations of production, or the social relations people enter in order to survive (such as being an employer or an employee or what social class someone is part of).
Spencer started her career by going to numerous film schools and participating in theatre productions.
She has featured in many commercials and modelling shoots.
In 2018, she was cast for a role in the Nickelodeon series Cousins for Life as Ivy.
In 2019 it was announced that Spencer had landed the role of Izzy in Netflix series BlackAF alongside Kenya Barris, Rashida Jones, Iman Benson and others.
BlackAF was released in 2020.
She was also featured in the Netflix film Bright as Sofia Ward alongside Will Smith, Joel Edgerton and Noomi Rapace among others.
People walk and have picnics in Bangalee Reserve there.
Some buildings in Tapitallee are for accomodation.
Some shops, wineries, Cambewarra Estate and Lyrebird Ridge Organic Winery, are a short drive away from Tapitallee.
Tapitallee Nature Reserve is also in Tapitallee.
The Mandalorian consist of two seasons each with eight episodes.
Season three is stated to currently be in development.
Episodes premier on Fridays at 12 am PST.
In this type of alienation, a worker cannot relate to the work he or she is doing.
For example, someone can screw parts into a toy without seeing the rest of the toy when it is done.
This type of alienation increased after people started doing work in assembly lines.
Before then, people would make things from start to finish.
Lisa Oudens Monaco (born February 25, 1968) is an American attorney and politician.
Monaco is the 39th and current United States Deputy Attorney General since April 2021 during the Joe Biden administration.
She was the Homeland Security Adviser to President Barack Obama.
Laurent Mailhot (22 September 1931 – 4 January 2021) was a Canadian historian, writer and professor.
Cube Life: Island Survival is an indie video game.
It was developed and published by Cypronia.
It was released for Wii U (2015), Steam, Android and iOS (2018) and Nintendo Switch (2020).
Eddie Bernice Johnson (December 3, 1935 – December 31, 2023) was an American politician.
She was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas's 30th congressional district.
Johnson was a member of the Democratic Party.
The North Country has a lot of Amish people because there is a lot of cheap rural area.
But even with this COVID-19 situation in 2020, They held online one-man concerts and joined in other online lives.
Narashino is a town in Chiba prefecture in Japan.
Its population density is approximately 8000.
It is the 4th largest city in Chiba prefecture.
This game features many in game purchases, a player can earn coins to unlock characters or spend money to buy them.
Amtali () is an Upazila of Barguna District in Bangladesh.
It is a part of the Barisal Division.
The area is 720.76 km.
Once the batch processing starts, the user does not need to do anything else.
This type of processing only works when there are timing constraints, i.e.
files do not need to be updated immediately or a response from the computer is not needed right away.
The automotive industry in Japan began in the Meiji period.
Japanese people started to produce them based on the car which is imported from overseas then.
In 1904, the first car which used steam as a power source was made in Japan.
The first car that used gasoline as fuel was made in 1907.
However, the Japanese technology was very low, so they were not known to the world.
In the 1970s, they faced environmental problems, so they had to produce cars that didn't have a bad influence on the environment.
The engine made by Honda was the first one in Japan that met a hard standard about the environment.
Phouoibi (Fouoibi) or Phouoipi (Fouoipi) or Phouleima (Fouleima) or Phoureima (Foureima) is the goddess and the female personification of the agriculture, crops, fertility, grains, harvest, paddy, rice and wealth in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
She was sent by Thangjing to Kege Moirang (Keke Moilang) to prosper the human world.
The characters of Phouoibi and other goddesses including Panthoibi and Emoinu depict as well as influence the boldness, courage, independence, righteousness and social honour of Meitei women.
According to Meitei culture, the anger of Phouoibi was provoked with the neglect of paddy or rice.
The rites and rituals dedicated to the goddess were regularly performed.
By doing this, possible misfortunes were warded off that could have came to the peasants.
In 1979, Phouoibi (formerly known as KD6-2-1) and Punshi (formerly known as KD6-18-7) were developed in Manipur State Rice Research Center, Wangbal.
After these rice varieties were released, 75 percent of the areas planting high yielding crops constitute 25 percent of Phouoibi rice.
Phouoibi matures in 135 days (4–5 months).
These rice varieties were found to be more likely to be affected by the insects as compared to the local varieties like Phourel and Moirang Phou.
Many days later, Phouoibi went to Akongjamba's house, disguising herself as a tribal woman (haonupi or haonubi).
Akongjamba was not at home.
Akongjamba's mother (Akongjamba's wife in another version) didn't give her good shelter.
She was about to hit Phouoibi (disguised as a tribal woman) with a broom.
A divine being could lose his or her powers at the touch of profane objects like broom.
So, Phouoibi fled to the coop of the house.
She transformed into a chicken.
Akongjamba's mother chased her.
She counted the number of chickens.
She didn't find any new chicken.
So, she was gone.
Phouoibi spent the night inside the dirty henhouse.
On the next day, she once again assumed her true divine maiden form in a glowing dress.
She called Akongjamba's mother to come out.
She gave her the payment for spending a night at her place.
She shook an enormous heap of golden grain off her body.
The grains fell in the middle of the courtyard of the house.
Then, she was gone to the south east direction.
Akongjamba's mother was surprised at this.
Kongyamba sent his men to learn how Khamba got the food.
In the Palace, they asked the Ningon Lakpa (women affairs minister) if there had been a feast.
But there was no feast.
Then, Kongyamba thought of evil plots against Khamba.
So, he gathered many people in front of Khamba’s house.
He announced that everyone should wear dresses of luxury and jewels of gold and silver in the festival of the Gods.
He lied that it was the King's order.
Everyone believed him.
Khamnu asked him about what he was saying.
Kongyamba scolded her if she has no ears for not listening to the King’s order.
She wept of shame.
Khamba fell sad because he did not have such clothes.
In that night's dream of the two siblings, their parents told them about the presence of their clothes of honor in Thonglen’s house.
Immediately, they woke up.
Even in the night, they went to Thonglen’s house.
The guards seized them thinking as thieves.
They presented Khamba and Khamnu before Thonglen in the morning.
But Thonglen knew the children of his old friend Purenba.
He gave them the clothes.
He even taught them the dance.
Besides, he sent men and women to serve Khamba and Khamnu.
He also built them a new house.
Thoibi and Senu came to Khamba's house with gifts.
But they did not know the house.
It was because the house was so well built.
Thoibi was shocked to see Khamnu and Khamba wearing rich clothes.
It was because she thought that Khamba might had married a daughter of some rich man.
Later, she knew the truth.
Kongyamba offered the flowers to the royalties and the nobles.
First, he offered some to the King.
Secondly, he offered some to the Queen.
Later, he offered the rest to the High Officers of the kingdom.
It was then Khamba's turn.
He feared about the code of conducts.
So, he humbly asked the counsel of priestess.
For Khamba, they first offer the flowers to God Thangjing.
After that, Khamba presented the flowers to the King, to the Queen and then to the High Officers of the kingdom.
Nongban Kongyamba was jealous of Khamba.
Every year, the rulers of each Pana (State Province) chose a man to go to the kingdom's sports contest.
Khamba's ruler chose him.
Nongban's ruler chose him.
That year, the contest's foot race was longer than it had been before.
Khamba and Nongban both ran a race: Khamba far very fast with his chest low.
Nongban ran fast with his head high.
Nongban could not run fast for as far as Khamba could.
Khamnu worried that somone else in the contest might hurt Khamba out of jealousy.
This words spread among the public.
Khamba was stopped and told that his name was not in the list of the contestants.
Khamba believed them.
So, he sadly returned home.
He told everything to Khamnu.
The two siblings told Nongtholba about it.
Nongtholba went to the king.
The king told Khamba to go and be in the contest if it was not still late to join.
Khamba joined the foot rate.
He ran as fast as he could.
But Kongyamba's men tried to stop him while he was running.
But Khamba pushed them out of the way.
At last, he ran up to Kongyamba.
Kongyamba was running slowly because he was tired.
Suddenly, fifteen of Kongyamba's horsemen stopped Khamba.
But Khamba kicked all of them away.
Khamnu shouted Run on Khamba, for your father's honor.
Finally, Khamba ran to the end of the race.
He was the winner, and Kongyamba was second.
Both saluted the king.
The king was more pleased with Khamba.
He gave Khamba a coat with gold thread in it.
The queen gave Khamba very good clothes.
The ministers also gave him gifts.
In the arena, Khamba stood bravely while the bull ran toward him.
He caught it and it carried him away to the woods.
Khamba did everything as his sister told him to do.
The wild bull became calm.
Khamba put a rope on the bull and began to walk back to the arena.
But Kongyamba came and pretended he had caught the bull.
He lied to the people.
He said he had caught the bull and not Khamba.
The two kings did not know who told the truth.
So they asked Kongyamba to fight the bull again, where people could see.
Kongyamba was afraid of the bull and climbed away.
Khamba faced the bull bravely.
He once again captured the bull.
The trackers and scouts fenced around the very forest.
On the said day, the King and his ministers gathered there in the stadium.
Audiences gathering in the stadium resembled a white cloth spread on the ground.
Khamba and Kongyamba showed respect to the King.
The two went on and found the traces of the tiger.
A body of a recently killed girl was found on the way.
Khamba re-entered into the woods.
The tiger was crouching half hidden by the bushes.
But it could be clearly seen from the stadium of the king.
During the competition, the Crown Prince shot his arrows so swiftly.
Khamba ran swiftly to pick them up.
At this, Khamba's outer cloth get loosened.
The Crown Prince saw the inner cloth of Khamba.
It was his golden embroidered coat.
He got furious.
When Khamba gave him the arrow, he did not take it.
He turned away from Khamba.
Kongyamba took the arrow from Khamba.
He gave it to the Prince.
The Prince was pleased with Kongyamba.
He told Kongyamba that princess Thoibi would be given to him within five days.
Within five days, he planned to give away his daughter Thoibi hand in marriage to Kongyamba.
Khamba and Khamnu were even told to bring him gifts on the said day.
The prince ordered that no one in the kingdom should sell fruits to the two siblings.
Only Kongyamba was allowed to buy the fruits.
Khamba went to a hill village of a tribesmen group.
He sought help from Kabui Salang Maiba, the tribal chief.
The tribal chief offered him two basketful of fruits.
The chief also added some gifts for the princess Thoibi, his sister Khamnu and for Khamba himself.
Khamba thanked him and came back with the fruits and the gifts.
Thoibi set the fruits ready in eleven special dishes.
She was promised by the Chief Queen, 10 other Queens and 10 maids that they will receive gifts from Khamba.
arrival, Thoibi pretended to fell with fever.
So, Thoibi's father told Kongyamba the princess' health condition.
Then, Kongyamba left.
Few moments later, the Crown Prince had gone to met the King.
Thoibi instantly arose.
Gifts from Khamba were received by the Queens and their maids warmly.
At that moment, the Prince returned home.
He was very thirsty.
He longed for some juices of sour fruits.
Thoibi prepared the juice from the fresh fruits brought by Khamba.
She poured it into a silver cup for her father.
The Prince has a sip of it.
He asked for the whereabouts of the fruits.
Thoibi told him that the fruits were brought by his son-in-law Khamba for his marriage.
At this, the Prince got furious.
He threw the silver cup at his daughter.
Then, Thoibi pretended to faint.
The Prince was terrified.
At the same time, the Queens cried for her.
Prince Chingkhu Akhuba and Nongban Kongyamba together planned an evil plot to kill Khamba.
They sent messenger to Khamba.
The messengers told Khamba that he was called by the Prince.
On his way, Khamba was interrupted by Kongyamba and his men.
Kongyamba asked Khamba to give up Thoibi.
Khamba replied that he will not give up.
As a result, they fought.
Khamba threw Kongyamba's men upon the ground.
Khamba knelt upon Kongyamba's belly.
He pressed Kongyamba's throat.
He was about to kill Kongyamba.
But Kongyamba's men dragged Khamba off.
They beat Khamba.
His clothes were torn.
They bound him so that he could not move.
The Prince also came up on his elephant.
He told the men to beat him.
They fastened him to the elephant's leg with ropes.
However, the elephant driver knew that Khamba was innocent.
So, he bound him leaving him some spaces to breathe.
In that night, Goddess Panthoibi told Thoibi in her dream that her beloved man was bound by her father’s orders to the elephant and was nearly killed.
Thoibi arose and took a sword.
She immediately came to the spot for Khamba.
The criminals feld from the spot.
She cut the ropes that bound Khamba to the elephant.
She rubbed his limbs so that blood could flow through them.
Thonglen were informed about the crime.
Thonglen went to the Court with all his army.
Feiroijamba said to the Court three times about the harsh cruelty to Khamba.
However, the Prince did not pay attention to the complaint.
Nongtholba angrily proclaimed that none could kill his son-in-law when he was alive.
A conflict between Nongthonba and the prince occurred and continued further.
Finally, Nongtholba and Prince Chingkhu Akhuba went to the King.
Before their arrival, Princess Thoibi had already informed the king all the crimes committed by her own father.
King Chingkhu Telheiba proclaimed that all the criminals would be punished.
So, he set Prince Chingkhu Akhuba and Nongban Kongyamba in the prison.
The king told his brother prince to stay there untill Khamba was well again.
She thrusted a spear through the wall to pierce the stranger.
Khamba was severely wounded.
He called her.
Thoibi knew his voice.
She immediately went out and carried him in.
Khamba was dying.
She was extremely shocked.
Before he died, she killed herself upon him with the same spear.
The Khamba Thoibi Jagoi was first performed by Khamba and Thoibi in the premise of the Thangjing temple.
It is now a popular form of folk dance of Meitei culture (Manipuri culture) in Manipur.
In 2010, the Laihui Ensemble produced an opera named Kao, the sacred bull.
It is based on the story of capturing Kao (bull) by Khamba.
In 2019, a painting titled Khambana Kao Phaba (Lit.
Khamba capturing the bull) was exhibited in the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) Museum, Bhopal.
The King made Khamba the Khuntak Leiroi Hanjaba (Floriculture Minister) to gather flowers from the hills.
Thoibi prepared delicious food for Khamba.
She tied the food in a bundle of leaves.
She fastened it with silks of seven kinds.
By the grace of God Thangjing, not a petal of a single flower brought by Khamba was broken.
At Khamba's return, Thoibi washed his feet and offered him fruits.
Tamurakpa heard his daughter's words.
He was angry with her.
He was about to strike her but Thoibi stopped him.
The two ladies wove their cloths.
Changning was jealous of Thoibi.
In the night, Changning tore holes in Thoibi's cloth with a porcupine quill.
Later, Thoibi found all that had been done.
However, she repaired all the holes and made the cloth even more beautiful than before.
Tamurakpa liked Thoibi's cloth very much.
He threw his own daughter's cloth away.
Thoibi heard the shout.
She instructed her companions to sit near her if the man was Khamba but far away if the man was Kongyamba.
Suddenly, Thoibi galloped off on the horse towards Khamba's house.
Khamba met her there.
They wept because they were together again.
Kongyamba was angry that he had been tricked a girl.
He asked the king's ministers to act.
Minister Thonglen and Minister Nongtholba sent men to protect Khamba and Thoibi from their enemies.
Thus, Khamba and Thoibi married each other in high state by the King of Moirang.
She pushed a spear through the wall to hit the stranger.
Khamba was severely wounded.
He called her.
Thoibi knew his voice.
She immediately went out and carried him inside.
Khamba was dying.
She was extremely shocked.
Before he died, she killed herself upon him with the same spear.
Once Nongban and Khamba went on to gather flowers.
The flowers were to be offered to God Thangjing.
They went to the hills.
They reached a place where some flowers grew.
At this, Kongyamba claimed the place as his father's place.
He told Khamba the king's would be angry.
Khamba did not know that it was a trick.
Khamba asked about his father's place to gather flowers.
Kongyamba randomly pointed to the southern hills.
Khamba went there but found no flowers.
So, he prayed to God Thangjing.
God sent a whirlwind bearing flowery fragrances towards Khamba.
Khamba found a tree with many flowers.
He gathered the flowers.
On his way back, he sang songs in honor of princess Moirang Thoibi.
Kongyamba heard the song.
He became angry.
Kongyamba asked Khamba to carry his flowers too but Khamba said no.
They fought.
They only stopped when they became hungry.
The sweet smell of the delicious food of Khamba was very rich.
So Kongyamba was wondering about it.
Meanwhile, the crows came down and ate Kongyamba's foods.
So he was very angry.
Back at home, Kongyamba fell enraged with his wife.
Kongyamba sent his men to know about Khamba's dainty foods.
In the Palace, they asked the Ningon Lakpa (women affairs minister) if there had been a feast.
But there was no feast.
Then, Kongyamba thought of evil plots against Khamba.
So, he gathered many people in front of Khamba’s house.
He announced that everyone should wear dresses of luxury and jewels of gold and silver in the festival of the Gods.
He lied that it was the King's order.
Everyone believed him.
Khamnu asked him about what he was saying.
Kongyamba scolded her if she has no ears for not listening to the King’s order.
She wept of shame.
Khamba fell sad because he had such clothes.
However, Khamba managed to find such clothes for himself.
Kongyamba offered the flowers to the royalties and the nobles.
First, he offered some to the King.
Secondly, he offered some to the Queen.
Later, he offered the rest to the High Officers of the kingdom.
Kongyamba fell jealous of Khamba's increasing fame.
Sportsmen prepared for the annual racing and wrestling championships.
The officers of the respective Panas (State Provinces) chose their respective champions.
For Khamba's pana, he was chosen.
He ran far very fast with his chest held low.
For Kongyamba's pana, he was selected.
But Kongyamba ran with his head high.
He ran fast but not for very far.
The championship organizers made that year's race longer than it had been the year before.
In both wrestling and running, both Khamba and Kongyamba were the best on their own teams.
At that day's night, Kongyamba planned with his men how to defeat Khamba.
This words spread among the public.
Khamba was stopped and told that his name was not in the list of the contestants.
Khamba believed them.
So, he sadly returned home.
He told everything to Khamnu.
The two siblings told Nongtholba about it.
Nongtholba went to the king.
The king told Khamba to participate if it was not still late to join.
Khamba and Feiroijamba went to the starting place of the race.
The race was about to be started.
Khamba ran swiftly as fast as he could.
Then, Kongyamba's men interrupted Khamba on his way.
But Khamba stroke all of them aside.
At last, he reached up Kongyamba.
Kongyamba was running slowly as he got tired.
Suddenly, fifteen horsemen of Kongyamba stopped Khamba.
But Khamba kicked out all of them from his way.
Kongyamba was thinking about an evil plot against Khamba.
But the Gods did not give him any evil hints in his dreams.
So, he built a hut.
Inside the hut, he tried to connect with a spirit.
But he failed.
One day, he met fisher women from the Khuman kingdom in the region of Moirang.
Both the Khuman kingdom and the Moirang kingdom were in shores of the Loktak lake.
The women came to Moirang besides having their own fishing area.
So, Kongyamba asked them the reason for coming to Moirang.
The king called and asked Khamba about his promise.
Khamba denied it.
There resulted a great conflict between Khamba and Kongyamba.
Later, Khamba told the king he would catch the bull if it was the God’s will.
The king was pleased with Khamba.
So, he promised him to give Princess Thoibi hand in marriage if he succeeded in the adventure.
Minister Thonglen put seven marks on the lintel post of the capital city.
It was the record of the King’s promise.
Annually, a Royal archery contest was held in honour of God Thangjing in Ancient Moirang.
The contest was for the royalties of the Moirang kingdom.
Nongban Kongyamba was selected to pick up the arrows shot by the King.
Khamba was selected to pick up the arrows shot by the Crown Prince (King’s younger brother).
Chingkhu Akhuba, the Crown Prince asked his daughter Thoibi about his Coat Of Golden Embroidery.
But Thoibi had already given the coat to Khamba.
So, she told him a white lie.
The Crown Prince and Nongban Kongyamba planned an evil plot to kill Khamba.
They sent messengers to Khamba.
The messengers told Khamba that he was called by the Crown Prince.
On his way, Khamba was interrupted by Kongyamba and his men.
Kongyamba asked Khamba to give up Thoibi.
Khamba replied that he will not give up.
As a result, they fought.
Khamba threw Kongyamba's men upon the ground.
Khamba knelt upon Kongyamba's belly.
He pressed Kongyamba's throat.
He was about to kill Kongyamba.
But Kongyamba's men dragged Khamba off.
They beat Khamba.
His clothes were torn.
They bound him so that he could not move.
The Prince also came up on his elephant.
He told the men to beat him.
They fastened him to the elephant's leg with ropes.
However, the elephant driver knew that Khamba was innocent.
So, he bound him leaving him some spaces to breathe.
Then they stimulated the elephant to harm Khamba.
But God Thangjing let it not to move.
Finally, Kongyamba hit the elephant with a spear to move in pain.
But it did not harm Khamba.
In that night, Goddess Panthoibi told Thoibi in her dream that her beloved man was bound by her father’s orders to the elephant and was nearly killed.
Thoibi arose and took a sword.
She immediately came to the spot for Khamba.
The criminals feld from the spot.
She saved Khamba from the criminals as well as the elephant.
The news was informed to Khamnu, Feiroijamba, Nongtholba and Thonglen.
Nongtholba, Feiroijamba and Thonglen went to the Royal Court with all their armies.
Feiroijamba said to the Court three times about the harsh cruelty to Khamba.
However, the Prince did not pay attention to the complaint.
Nongtholba and Prince Chingkhu Akhuba had a conflict on the matter.
The conflict could not be resolved without the King.
Finally, both went to the King for the judgement.
The King proclaimed that all the criminals would be punished.
So, Nongban Kongyamba, Prince Chingkhu Akhuba (Thoibi's father) and other men were sent in the prison.
The King told the Prince to stay there until Khamba was well again.
The Prince asked his daughter Thoibi to marry Kongyamba.
But she rejected.
So, in anger, he exiled her to Kabaw chiefdom.
He did not want to see her anymore.
It was Kongyamba and not Khamba.
However, she went on.
She pretended to be friendly with him.
She sat on the red carpet of Kongyamba's possession.
However, she placed a stick between Kongyamba and her.
She asked him for fruits to eat.
Kongyamba brought her fruits.
But she did not eat the fruits.
She pretended to get ill due to her long journey from Kabaw.
Kongyamba was worried.
She asked Kongyamba to let her ride on his horse.
He agreed.
So, Thoibi rode Kongyamba's horse.
Kongyamba rode in Thoibi's palanquin.
Surprisingly, Thoibi galloped off on the horse towards Khamba's house.
Khamba received her from the long time exile at his house.
They wept for their reunion.
On the other hand, Kongyamba was angry for being tricked by a girl.
He tried to gain support from the King's ministers to intervene into the matter.
In the meantime, Minister Thonglen and Minister Nongtholba sent men to guard Khamba and Thoibi.
The matter was set before the King in the Royal Court.
The king wanted to solve the issue by the trial of the spear.
During the discussion, an old man came to the meet the king.
The old man informed him that a ferocious tiger was a great threat to the villagers of Khoirentak region.
King Chingkhu Telheiba of Moirang announced that the killer of the man-eating tiger of Khoirentak could marry princess Thoibi.
Nongban Kongyamba and Khuman Khamba were chosen for the task.
The ferocious tiger killed Nongban during the hunt.
In 2011, Kao, the sacred bull was produced by the Laihui Ensemble.
This theatrical show was based on the story of Kao (bull) captured by Khuman Khamba.
According to the story, the Oracle (Nongban himself) chose Khamba to capture the bull.
In 2020, a named Kao Faba was produced by Western Cultural Association in Manipur.
It was sponsored by the Sangeet Natak Akedemi of New Delhi, India.
The play was released in the Iboyaima Shumang Leela Shanglen, Palace Compound, Imphal.
Kadeng Thangjahanba () is one of the principal characters in the ancient Moirang Kangleirol legends.
He is a blacksmith and a minster in the court of the king of Moirang kingdom.
He is a lover of Tonu Laijinglembi.
According to legend, he has no match as a skilled blacksmith.
Tonu Laijinglembi () is one of the principal characters in the ancient Moirang Kangleirol legends.
She is a lady love of Kadeng Thangjahanba, with whom she united after her former marriage to the king of Moirang kingdom.
In Meitei mythology and folklore, the epic cycles of incarnations in Moirang (; ) is a genre of the seven incarnations of a God and a Goddess, induced by Lord Thangjing, in the ancient Moirang kingdom, a southern province in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
Akongjamba is a mortal man and Phouoibi is a goddess, who became the first pair of lovers in the epic.
Kadeng Thangjahanba, a blacksmith, and Tonu Laijinglembi, the queen of the Moirang king, are the fourth pair of lovers in the epic.
Maruoka Castle (丸岡城, Maruoka-jō) is in Sakai, Fukui Prefecture.
It is also called Kasumi-ga-jō (霞ヶ城).
The castle tower was built between 1624 to 1644.
It is one of the twelve existing castle towers in Japan (現存十二天守, genzon-jūni-tenshu), and also one of the national important cultural properties.
About 400 cherry trees were planted around Maruoka Castle, and this place was chosen as one of the Japan’s Top 100 Cherry Blossom Viewing Sites in 1990.
There is a Cherry Blossom Festival there every year.
The Moirang Kangleirol (), also spelt as Moilang Kangleilol, is a body of history, literature, folklore, mythology, legends and other accounts originally associated with the ancient kingdom of Kege Moirang ().
Keke Kangla was the capital city of the ancient Moirang kingdom.
It's a place of political administration as well as religious practices.
People of the kingdom used to perform annual sacred ceremonies in the city.
The Moirang Shayon legends from the backbone of the Moirang Kangleirol.
Moirang Shayon (lit.
Moirang incarnations) is a genre of the seven incarnations of a God and a Goddess, induced under the direction of Lord Thangjing, in the ancient Moirang kingdom.
Poireiton Khunthok or Poireiton Khunthokpa (literally, immigration by Poireiton) is an ancient Meitei literary narrative work (puya), describing about the immigration of a band of colonies, led by a man, Poireiton, the prince and younger brother of Thongaren, the god of the underworld kingdom, in the plains of the Kangleipak kingdom (present day Manipur).
Chingkhong Poireiton (), also known as Poileiton (), is a prince of the Khamnung (underworld kingdom) and a younger brother of Thongaren, the god of death in Meitei mythology and religion.
He is best known as a cultural hero, for leading a colonial immigration to the human world (Kangleipak kingdom), as per the wish of his brother.
The Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated in honor of God Korouhanba every year.
The most significant shrine dedicated to God Korouhanba is in Moidangpok town in Manipur.
Taoroinai ()() is a snake like dragon in Meitei mythology and religion.
It lived in the land of the moon.
Goddess Yumjao Leima is prayed for the longevity of life of the King.
The final rites and rituals dedicated to Her are generally performed by the maibas.
Goddess Yumjao Lairemma () is mainly worshipped by the Thaopicham family of Meitei ethnicity.
According to Meitei culture, the Nongmai class is in the middle position of the society of the maibis (priestesses).
They used to take care of the cult of goddess Yumjao Lairembi.
Laikhurembi (, ) is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
She is the goddess of justice, good counsel, divine law, order and secrecy.
She is the chief Queen of God Thongaren ().
Lainaotabi () or Leinaotabi () is a goddess in ancient Meitei mythology and religion.
She is the youngest wife of God Thongalel of the underworld kingdom ().
Thongalel sent her to be the wife of Poireiton, her brother-in-law.
Lainaotabi gave birth to a son with Poireiton.
Her legend says she made the first clay pot.
Nongban Pombi Luwaopa () or Nungpan Ponpi Luwaopa () is a Meitei language literary narrative work (puya), about the legendary story of a prince of the Luwang dynasty who got back successfully the life of his wife Koubru Namoinu (Lainaotabi), from the hands of her former consort Thongalen, the God of death and the ruler of the underworld.
It is the story of love, courage and perseverance.
It is an old story of near tragic end.
In the legend, there's a fight between the mortal and the god.
The Moirang Ningthourol (genealogy of the ancient rulers) were calculated with reference to many ancient texts, including the Cheitharol Kumpapa.
The Iwang Puriklai (ruler of Moirang) was the absolute monarch of the kingdom.
For a smooth and sound administration, the kingdom was divided into eight leikais (wards or sectors).
Along with this division, there were also nine organized marketplaces.
There were various institutions of the Phamnaiba Loishangs (Offices hold by Scholars), for smooth and proper conduct of the Thangjing Haraoba in the kingdom.
Pakhangba Laishang () (literally, Pakhangba Temple) is an ancient Meitei temple dedicated to God Pakhangba, inside the Kangla Palace in Imphal, Manipur, India.
A large brightly colored stucco mask was discovered in Ucanha in 2017.
It is about two meters tall and was found in a building near the center of Ucanha.
Although masks like this one have been found in other Maya sites, this is the only one known for this part of Mexico.
Fossilized remains of Deinonychus have been recovered from the Cloverly Formation of Montana and Wyoming and in the roughly contemporary Antlers Formation of Oklahoma in North America.
The Cloverly formation has been dated to the late Aptian through early Albian stages of the early Cretaceous, about 115 to 108 Ma.
Additionally, teeth found in the Arundel Clay Facies (mid-Aptian), of the Potomac Formation on the Atlantic Coastal Plain of Maryland may be assigned to the genus.
The first remains were uncovered in 1931 in southern Montana near the town of Billings.
The team leader, paleontologist Barnum Brown, was primarily concerned with excavating and preparing the remains of the ornithopod dinosaur Tenontosaurus, but in his field report from the dig site to the American Museum of Natural History, he reported the discovery of a small carnivorous dinosaur close to a Tenontosaurus skeleton, but encased in lime difficult to prepare.
He informally called the animal Daptosaurus agilis and made preparations for describing it and having the skeleton, specimen AMNH 3015, put on display but never finished this work.
Brown brought back from the Cloverly Formation the skeleton of a smaller theropod with seemingly oversized teeth that he informally named Megadontosaurus.
John Ostrom, reviewing this material decades later, realized that the teeth came from Deinonychus, but the skeleton came from a completely different animal.
He named this skeleton Microvenator.
Although at first sight the authors seem to have suggested the signal is connected with the galaxy Andromeda, further thought suggests that from the direction of Andromeda could describe a source within our own galaxy.
And so the authors avoid the implication that the message would have taken 2.5 million years in arriving, but could come from within our own galaxy.
Bokeh (from the Japanese word boke which means blur) is the appreciation of the blurred backgrounds seen in photography, it is also used to describe the quality of such out-of-focus backgrounds in camera lenses.
Bokeh is not a special technique but rather a natural effect caused by what photographers (people who take pictures) call a narrow depth of field, it simply means that the more light a camera lens lets in, the more blurry the background can be, distance between the subject and lens also affects bokeh, if the subject is far enough away, there will be no bokeh.
The quality of bokeh can be good or bad, while it may vary due to different tastes, good bokeh is usually defined as being smooth as the background seems to melt, whereas bad bokeh is usually defined as being blobs of light that make up the background.
The term bokeh is hardly used in optics, experts in the field refer to it as defocus, as bokeh is related to lens focus, meaning a picture completely made of bokeh is just an out-of-focus picture.
Catadioptric lenses (camera lenses and telescopes that use both mirrors and lenses) make a ring-shaped bokeh due to the presence of a mirror in the middle of the lens.
Japan is an island country in East Asia in the Northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Ancient Kangleipak was an ancient, lesser known civilisation, consisting of the modern day Kangleipak (Manipur), India, and other neighboring regions.
One of the oldest scriptures is the Wakoklon Heelel Thilen Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, written in 1398 BC (verified by the National Archives of India, New Delhi).
The ancient architectural designs of common houses were believed to be sustainable, eco friendly and affordable.
It gives a cooling effect during hot summer and a warming effect during chilling winter.
The ancient religion of the indigenous ethnicities of the hills and the plains is the Sanamahism.
The abstract concept of the space time entity is the ultimate God creator of the universe.
UNUNENIUM has not been discovered-but someone made it be called LIGHTINIUM (zigzag dragons).
Jodie Marie Comer (born 11 March 1993) is an English actress and producer.
She is most famous for her role as Oksana Astankova / Villanelle in the BBC drama spy thriller series Killing Eve (2018–2022).
She has garnered critical acclaim for her performance on the series and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series and the British Academy television award for Best Actress.
Six months after the coup, on 1 August 2021, Min Aung Hlaing replaced SAC with a caretaker government and established himself as the country's prime minister.
Natalie Elizabeth Palamides (born January 6, 1990) is a voice actress, writer to the works from The Powerpuff Girls in season 8.
Patricia Honor Richardson MBE (née Greene; born 1931) is an English actress.
She is best known as the voice of on the BBC Radio 4 radio soap opera .
Patricia Honor Greene was born in , England in 1931.
She is the youngest of two children to Josie Greene (née Johnson), a housewife, and Edward Greene, an engineer and former piano salesman.
She has an older sister.
Greene and her family moved to Champion Street in the area, before moving to Kirk Street in .
She has recalled experiences of her mother having extramarital affairs, in which she would bring men to the family home and order Patricia not to tell their father.
Greene attended Ashgate Infants School on Ashbourne Road and St Paul's Junior School.
She also attended .
She later joined an amateur dramatic society.
Greene trained at the in London from 1951 to 1954.
Greene worked as a at the .
She also worked as a secretary in the sheet metal factory of Hawk Industries.
She worked as a on the trolley bus in Derby, and as a waitress during the holidays.
Greene once noticed her father crying at one of her theatre performances.
She credits that moment with her wanting to become an actress.
Greene portrayed in the first episode of the BBC One medical soap opera on 26 March 2000.
She reprised the role for a second time in the 20 April 2000 episode.
Greene portrayed Ivy Watson in the 22 October 2000 episode of the BBC One medical drama Casualty.
Greene was the guest on the 27 December 2015 episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs.
Greene married actor Henry in October 1959 in Maidenhead, Berkshire.
The couple divorced a few years later.
Greene married Cyril Austen Richardson in April 1972 in Windsor, Berkshire.
The couple have one son.
She was widowed in November 1986.
Greene is a patron of the .
A stock character is a stereotype fictional character.
In a theatre, novel, play or film, the audience immediately knows about him or her without further explanation.
All types of fiction use this device, especially comedy.
3 Idiots (stylized as 3 idiots) is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age comedy drama buddy film written, edited and directed by Rajkumar Hirani, co-written by Abhijat Joshi, produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra under the production banner of Vinod Chopra Films and distributed by Reliance BIG Pictures.
Released in India on 25 December 2009, adapted loosely from Chetan Bhagat's 2004 novel Five Point Someone: What NOT to do at IIT!
and considered to be a cult film in the Hindi cinema, the film stars Aamir Khan, R.
Madhavan and Sharman Joshi in the titular roles, marking their reunion three years after Rang De Basanti (2006), while Kareena Kapoor, Boman Irani, Omi Vaidya, Mona Singh, Javed Jaffrey, Parikshit Sahni and Amardeep Jha appear in pivotal roles.
Narrated through two parallel dramas, one in the present and the other set ten years in the past, the story follows the friendship of three students at an Indian engineering college and is a satire about the social pressures under the Indian education system.
The film joined genuine Indian developments made by Remya Jose, Mohammad Idris, Jahangir Painter and Sonam Wangchuk.
The film was a critical and commercial success and audio the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend in India, had the highest opening day collections for an Indian film up until that point and also held the record for the highest net collections in the first week for a Bollywood film.
It additionally got one of only a handful few Indian films at an opportunity to get successful in East Asian business sectors, for example, China and Japan, at last carrying its overall gross to ₹3.92 billion ($90 million) — it was the highest-grossing Indian film ever at the time.
The film likewise socially affected perspectives to schooling in India, and also education in other Asian nations, for example, China.
The film won six Filmfare Awards including Best Film and three National Film Awards including Best Popular Film.
Overseas, it won the Grand Prize at Japan's Videoyasan Awards while it was nominated for Best Outstanding Foreign Language Film at the Japan Academy Awards and Best Foreign Film at China's Beijing International Film Festival.
In 2012, a Tamil remake of the film was released and it was called Nanban and in 2017, a Mexican remake of the film was released and it was called 3 Idiotas.
Samudragupta performed the Ashvamedha sacrifice to prove his imperial sovereignty.
According to his coins, he remained undefeated.
His gold coins and inscriptions suggest that he was an accomplished poet.
He also played music.
His expansionist policy was continued by his son Chandragupta II.
Campaign against the Hunas.
Leima Jagoi () (literally, Queen's dance or Dance of the Lairembi) is a dance form of the Meitei people of Manipur.
It is adored with slow and gentle motions of the dancer.
It is performed mainly in the religious festival of Lai Haraoba.
The dance form is traditionally performed in presence of royalty by noblewomen.
Cortana can be used in 7 places in the world: The United States, the United Kingdom, China, France, Italy, Germany and Spain.
Scientists studying Hylidae recently decided that two species from Pternohyla were really Smilisca.
Leisem Jagoi () (literally, Dance of creation of the earth) is a dance form enacted by imitating the movements of nine gods and seven goddesses creating the earth, followed by Laibou Jagoi, depicting the creation of human body and various activities of man, like weaving of clothes.
The sequence of the dance is performed by the Ningol Macha (girls).
The six original forms of the dance are leishem, leitai, nongdai, leipekpa, leihouba and leipiba.
There are many people with the name Haoreima in the history of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria is the capital of the Canary Islands.
It is on a different island.
Hiyang Hiren () (literally, large race boat) is a traditional royal race boat, used at the Hiyang Tannaba ceremony in the religious festival of Lai Haraoba.
The boat is regarded as invested with spiritual powers and is associated with religious rites.
The Meitei people believe that the worship of the boat will bring protection from the evils.
The Hiyangloi Hanchapa is responsible for making the Hiyang Hiren, which is decorated with the stern (hirubak) the head of the Sangai deer.
An aeolipile or Hero's Engine, is a simple kind of steam engine believed to have been invented by Hero of Alexandria in the 1st century AD.
It may have been the first steam engine made.
The Windows Mobile 2003 can be use for SPV, LG, HTC and Vodafone, has been downloaded for 256MB of RAM in LG, 512MB of Vodafone, 100MB of HTC and SPV, in another Windows Mobile 2003 Phone, the officially reach released for Vodafone 2 from officially in Microsoft.
The main deities assembled in the Lai Haraoba of the Phayeng are almost similar to those of the Sekmai.
God Loyalakpa is one of these deities.
Khumanlol (), also spelt as Khumanlon (), is a chronicle (puya) of the genealogy of the rulers of the Khuman dynasty, which flourished as an independent principality in the south of Ancient Manipur, and later absorbed into the Meitei ethnicity in the fourteenth century AD.
The Ningthourol Lambuba () is an ancient historical document (puya), about the reign of the Meitei kings of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
It is a long roll of the monarchs with the activities of the kings of Manipur.
A Helloi () or a Heloi () is a female nature spirit in Meitei mythology, folklore and religion.
Hellois look like beautiful young women.
They often trick men to have sex with them.
They are the most powerful among the female spirits.
They can cause diseases.
Khuman Leipaak () (literally, Khuman kingdom) was an independent powerful kingdom, ruled by the kings of the Khuman dynasty in Ancient Manipur.
The principality grew at the shores of the Loktak lake.
Mayang Imphal, the capital city of the kingdom, was at the left bank of the Imphal River, till the middle of the 14th century AD.
Lateef Kayode Jakande (23 July 1929 – 11 February 2021) was a Nigerian journalist and politician.
He became governor of Lagos State in Nigeria from 1979 to 1983.
He was later Minister of Works under the Sani Abacha military regime from 1993 to 1998.
Jakande was born in Lagos Island, Nigeria.
Khoriphaba is a sportsman.
He participated in polo as well as wrestling championships.
God Khoriphaba descended from sky down to earth in search for his lost mother Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi.
I fail to find you...
Sweet one, have you gone to another village?
Or have you gone to fetch fire from your neighbour?
Or have you gone to wash your hair at the riverbank?
Or are you combing your beautiful hair in the huge house of your father?
Perhaps, you have gone to a kang game and seated between two village brothers as a piece of decoration, radiating...
Perhaps, a cloth is tied around your shoulder and slender waist and you are pounding rice.
My friend, I have not seen my beloved for a long time.
The Khoriphaba Naothemlon text describes song to stop little Khoriphaba from crying.
King Pakhangba inherited the political powers as he followed the traditional practices of his forefathers and paid respect for his ancestral rituals.
According to Hareshwar Goshwami's History of the People of Manipur as well as the ancient Meitei text , Nongda Lairen Pakhangba subjugated the powers of Sorarel Ariba Ahum, who were the chiefs of three clans, viz.
Chengleis, Luwangs and Nganbas.
During the reign of king Nongda Lairen Pakhangba, the Kuchu (, /kū.chū/) was established in his kingdom.
It was the highest level court (supreme court), having legal jurisdictions over both criminal cases as well as civil cases.
The king was the president of the court, and his nobles as well as ministers served as its members.
Ritual ceremonies are performed and the Salai Taret Huiyen Lalong Thang-Ta Lup, giving guard of honour, hoists the flag of Nongda Lairen Phakhangba.
The Japan national under-23 football team is a national association football youth team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association.
The team won the gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games and were champions in the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship.
Sakok Lamlen (), also spelt Shakok Lamlen (), is an ancient religious text (puya) of the indigenous Meitei religion and is a sequel to the myth expounded in the Leithak Leikharol.
It is considered to be the Upanishad of the Meitei religion.
It is one of the historical texts, which mention about the different names of Ancient Manipur.
According to it, Kangla was the capital of the Meitei ethnicity in Ancient Manipur and it was also known as Leimakon Kangla Nongthon Phambiron.
It was constructed over the navel of the serpent god Taoroinai.
Konthoujamba and Konthoujambi were a couple with no child.
They consulted maibas but the maibas could not help them have a child.
They prayed to God Salailen, the King of Heaven, to help them.
God Salailen heard their prayer and told the goddess Imoinu to help the couple.
Goddess Imoinu implanted herself into the womb of Lady Konthoujambi.
When Konthoujambi was pregnant with a 3 month old fetus, God Salailen instructed her that her child will be His wife in the future.
Later, Konthoujambi gave birth to a baby girl.
The couple named their daughter Chingphulon Konthousu (later known as Tampha).
As Chingphulon Konthousu grew up, she was known for her beauty and gentleness.
She used to go to woods, lakes and open meadows for fun.
One day, while Tampha was out in an open field with her friends, a strong wind blew.
Tampha was lifted up by a whirlwind towards the sky.
Her friends could do nothing but watch.
The wind took her to heaven, the abode of Salailen.
He was waiting for her.
Tampha's parents wanted to see her.
So they planned to meet her.
Men went on a hunting expedition with their hunting dogs across the Thangjing Hills.
Unfortunately, they could not catch even one animal.
The tired hunters rested under the shade of a tree.
Meanwhile, one of their favorite hunting dogs wandered away.
The dog saw a large python sitting in sun.
It barked at the python.
The python killed it.
Later, the hunters found the dead dog and carried it home.
They prepared a funeral for the dog.
The smoke from the funeral rose up towards the sky.
Up in Heaven, Tampha saw the smoke rising from her native place.
She knew it was for a funeral.
She worried about her people.
Perhaps someone had died even though Salailen had promised to keep them safe from disease.
She asked Salailen about his promises.
Salailen told her that the funeral was only for a dog.
She did not believe him and wanted to see her parents.
Reluctantly, Salailen allowed her to meet people under some conditions.
She should leave only after their son Khoriphaba had gone to sleep and should come back before he woke up.
Also, she should not consume any earthly foods or drinks.
Then, he placed a golden ladder (or golden stairs in another version) for her to climb down.
She landed on the Thangjing Hill and then went to Konthoujam, her native land.
She met her near and dear ones.
Her mother offered Tampha delicious foods.
Plav is the administrative centre of Plav Municipality, which in 2011 had a population of 9,081, mostly Bosniaks, with a smaller minority of Albanians and other groups.
The town of Plav itself has 3,717 citizens.
Majority of the town adheres to Islam and the Bosniak/Albanian populations are mostly Muslim.
The main mosque located in the centre of the town is the Džamija Redžepagića.
The religious festival of Lai Haraoba is celebrated in honor of God Pureiromba () in the months of Kalen (April-May).
The Haraoba of Pureiromba belongs to the type of the Chakpa Haraoba.
Chakpa Haraoba is one of the four types of Lai Haraoba.
There are pantheons dedicated to God Pureiromba and his son Chinsongba in the village of Andro in Manipur.
According to R.
Constantine, the fire burning in Andro is the oldest man-made fire in India.
It has been burning without break for centuries.
A total of 24 teams qualified for the final tournament.
Brazil as host team along with 23 other teams qualified from six separate continental competitions.
The slot allocation was approved by the FIFA Council on 10 June 2018.
The Leishemlon (), also spelt as the Leishemlol, Leisemlol or Leisemlon (literally,Story of the creation of the universe), is an ancient Meitei religious text, about the cosmology and the mythology of the creation of the universe.
After the creation of the sky and the planets, Sidaba () (the Supreme Being) ordered His wife, Leimarel Sidabi () (the first woman) to produce another Leimarel.
The second Leimarel would be the second woman.
Her responsibility was to take care of the mankind on the planet called earth.
Goddess Leimarel Sidabi obeyed her divine husband's order.
She created another Leimarel.
The appearance of the second Leimarel was similar to the first Leimarel.
The first Leimarel named the second Leimarel as Emoinu Ahongbi.
Imoinu (Emoinu) is a hearth deity.
She is annually worshipped on the 12th of the Meitei month of Wakching (December-January interface month).
Despite this annual event, she is also worshipped everyday.
The daily worship is a part of a Meitei ritual.
It is done in every Meitei household with the offering of little cooked rice before eating.
The Leimarel Sheisak is one of the 9 singing styles (tunes) of Meitei tradition (Manipuri culture).
It is sung during the festival of Lai Haraoba.
When a person gets ill after bathing in a spring, pool, stream, people believed that the water spirits (Irai Leima and Irai Ningthou) had caught the person.
To get well again, people worship the two deities.
For this, the maibas perform the rites and rituals.
The offerings include 2 eggs and 7 bamboo vessels filled up with rice paste.
People talk about Panthoibi with another goddess, Leimarel Sidabi.
Sometimes people think of Panthoibi and Leimarel as the same goddess.
Goddess Panthoibi is part of the legend of Haoreibi Shampubi (alias Haoreima).
Haoreibi Shampubi is a woman from the hills.
She was killed when she went meet her lover.
She turned into a ghost.
People say she is an incarnation of Panthoibi.
People started to think of Panthoibi as a goddess of death and fertility.
When humans do bad things, Panthoibi does too.
If a person has spit near Panthoibi's shrine, he or she will not be able to turn his or her neck.
It could be healed only by a maiba.
For this, the maiba will perform a ritual.
Goddess Panthoibi saw a spider.
It was making in a corner.
So Panthoibi learned to spin thread and weave cloth.
Panthoibi imitated the pattern of weaving of the spider.
Later, she introduced the art of weaving.
The Panthoibi Emporium is a place for buying and selling things in New Delhi, India.
The Panthoibi Housing Finance Company Limited is a housing financial company.
Its office is near Flyover bridge in Uripok Tourangbam Leikai in Imphal.
Nongthang Leima () is the goddess of seduction, thunder and lightning in Meitei mythology and religion.
She was created by Atingkok (or Salailen) to attract Haraba (Pakhangba).
The female first name Nongthang Leima (ꯅꯣꯡꯊꯥꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ) is made up of two Meitei language words, Nongthang (ꯅꯣꯡꯊꯥꯡ, /noŋ.tʰáŋ/) and Leima (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/).
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), Nongthang (ꯅꯣꯡꯊꯥꯡ, /noŋ.tʰáŋ/) means lightning.
The word Nongthang (ꯅꯣꯡꯊꯥꯡ, /noŋ.tʰáŋ/) itself is also made up of two words, Nong (ꯅꯣꯡ, /noŋ/) and Thāng (ꯊꯥꯡ, /tʰáŋ/).
Nong (ꯅꯣꯡ, /noŋ/) means rain and Thāng (ꯊꯥꯡ, /tʰáŋ/) means sword.
So, Nongthang Leima was the wife of both Sanamahi (Ashiba) and Pakhangba (Haraba).
According to Politics, society, and cosmology in India's North East written by N.
Vijaylakshmi, the goddess Nongthang Leima (Nongthang Lairembi) took two divine forms after the completion of the creation of the earth.
One form is Panthoibi.
This form lives in the home of gods.
Another form is Apanthoibi.
This form lives among the living beings.
Demand is more elastic for price increases than price decreases, based on the assumption that the price increase is a loss while the price decrease is a gain for consumers.
Phouleima () alias Phouoibi () is an incarnation of Leimarel Sidabi.
Leimalel becomes Phouoibi when she is in the or the barns.
Phouoibi is the goddess of agricultural crops and harvest.
Vincent Terrell Jackson (January 14, 1983 – ) was an American football player.
He was a wide receiver.
He played for 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Diego Chargers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Jackson was chosen for the Pro Bowl three times (2009, 2011, 2012).
He retired in 2018.
He graduated from Christ for the Nations Bible Institute in 1985.
5Select is a free television channel in the United Kingdom.
It shows documentaries, dramas, comedies, and other programmes from Channel 5.
It started on 13 February 2018.
At first, it was going to be called 5Prime, but was called 5Select in the end instead.
Jamshid's capital was erroneously believed to be at the site of the ruins of Persepolis, which for centuries (down to 1620 CE) was called Takht-i Jamshēd, the Throne of Jamshid.
Uchek Langmeidong () or Chekla Langmeidong () is a Meitei folktale of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
It is the story of a girl named Hayainu (alias Nongdam Atombi) who turned herself into a Langmeidong (, hornbill bird) as she was unable to suffer with the ill treatments of her stepmother.
Hayainu's mother had died when Hayainu was a young girl.
Hayainu's father married again.
So, Hayainu lived with her father, stepmother, and stepbrother (stepbrother is absent in some versions of the story).
Her father loved her but her stepmother hated her.
Hayainu’s father moved across the country to earn more money for his family.
So, he left Hayainu under the care of his second wife (her stepmother).
Just after her father had left her, her stepmother asked her to do all the household works.
Hayainu had to collect herbs and had to catch fish daily.
She had to sell them in the market.
Hayainu served her stepmother faithfully but in return to her obedience, she was hated and would be beaten up by her cruel stepmother every day.
Her stepmother’s ill treatment of her increased day by day.
In some cases, her stepmother locked Hayainu up inside a room without giving any foods.
One day, while Hayainu and her friends were washing their hairs with chenghi (traditional Meitei shampoo), her stepmother saw some cows grazing in their field.
Her stepmother got angry thinking Hayainu got careless of the fields.
So, Hayainu was badly beaten up.
In another case, once Hayainu’s friends invited Hayainu to join a festival that was to be celebrated on the next day.
At first, Hayainu was reluctant to join but later, she agreed.
Her stepmother got to know about Hayainu's wish to celebrate the festival.
On the early morning of the festival day, Hayainu’s stepmother had gone to her parental home with her son (Hayainu's stepbrother), taking away all the luxurious clothes and jewelry of Hayainu.
When her stepmother and stepbrother had left the house, Hayainu later realised that trick.
She had nothing to do but to weep.
So, she did not go to the festival.
With the increase of her stepmother’s cruelty, tears became Hayainu's companions in life.
Once in Hayainu's dream, her real mother told her to go to the world of the Langmeidongs (Hornbills).
In that dream, her mother suggested her to ask a flock of Langmeidongs coming near a lake every day to give her some of their feathers, collect and stitch them to her body and flew away.
Hayainu woke up.
She went to the spot and requested the birds for some of their feathers so that she could get a basketful of them.
The birds fell pity on her and agreed.
Once she got the feathers full of a basket, she wrapped some clothes around herself.
Then, she sewed the feathers into the wrapped clothes.
While she was doing that, her stepbrother saw her.
Her stepbrother asked her not to leave him.
She was explaining the reasons why she was doing so.
Meanwhile, she completed her sewing.
At that time, the same flock of hornbills were flying by.
Hayainu called out to them requesting them to lift her up into the air.
The birds picked her up and she flew away with them.
Her stepbrother ran to his mother and narrated the whole story.
Her stepmother was pleased with the news of Hayainu's departure.
Some time passed, Hayainu’s father returned home.
Seeing Hayainu absent, he asked his wife about his daughter.
She did not reply but their son told him everything that had happened.
Hayainu's father became angry and drove the stepmother out of the house.
In another version of the story, Hayainu's father just beat his wife but did not drove her out of the house.
Hayainu’s father was shocked by the news.
He worried about his lovely daughter so much.
So, he went out into the fields and called out to her to come back.
Every day, he called her until one day he saw her coming with a flock of hornbills.
Immediately, he took out a plate of rice and asked her to come and eat with him.
Hayainu denied her father's offer telling him that she was then a part of the hornbill’s world (bird life) and she could not mingle up with the human beings again.
Saying that, she flew away with her flock.
The folk story was reproduced into a play, Uchek Langmeidong (The Chorus of the Birds), by Ratan Thiyam, a legendary drama director of Manipur.
He is the Guardian God of the nadir.
Pakhangba had seven sons.
They are the seven great dragons, the mythical ancestors of the seven clan dynasties of the Meitei ethnicity.
Sanamahi () is a primordial god in Meitei mythology and religion.
He is the deity of the household, whose identity is often associated with the Sun God (Kolouhanpa).
He is the eldest son of Atingkok, the supreme creator god of the universe.
Moirang Sai is a story telling art form of Manipur that narrates the epic love story of the Khamba Thoibi of Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur.
Currently, it is dying among the present generation of the Manipuri ethnicity.
Recently, Mangka Mayanglambam, a legendary folk singer, is reviving the nearly extinct music art form.
The Kiton brand was set up by Ciro Paone at Arzano, in the province of Naples, in 1968 and the name Kiton derives from chiton, the ceremonial tunic worn by the ancient Greeks to pray to the gods of Olympus.
Later, in the course of time, these 5 gods belonging to 5 different places of the Selloi Langmai Hill were integrated into a single God with the name Langmai Ningthou.
The personal names became the aliases or various forms of the God.
With this, the tribal society of the Selloi Langmai people evolved into a chiefdom.
This chiefdom later rose to the Angom dynasty.
or Wangbren) is the god of water, rain, flood, disease and sickness in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
He is the ruling deity of the Moirang dynasty of Ancient Moirang.
He rules supreme on the banks of the landlocked sea, Loktak lake.
He is one of the four cardinal Umang Lais.
God Thangjing is a deity of pre-Hindu origin.
The history of Moirang is always associated with the godly powers of Thangjing.
Thangjing is a living God to the people of Ancient Moirang.
The epic legend of the Khamba Thoibi is always related to God Thangjing.
The ancient temple dedicated to Thangjing still stands on the banks of Loktak lake in the present day Moirang.
When goddess Panthoibi was searching for her beloved Nongpok Ningthou, she asked God Thangjing and God Wangbren about the whereabouts of Nongpok Ningthou.
Thangjing had been worshipped since ancient times.
Still today, there is an ancient shrine at Moirang.
An annual ritual festival known as Thangjing Haraoba is held early in summer in honor of the God.
Leimalai Khunda Ahanba.
Lord Koubru is the Omniscient and the Omnipotent Guardian God.
He lives on the top of Mount Koubru.
St Petersburg University (SPbU, Saint Petersburg State University; Russian: СПбГУ, Санкт-Петербургский государственный университет) is a Russian university in Saint Petersburg.
It is the oldest university in Russia.
It is also one of the largest universities in the country.
Koiren Leima or Leinung Yuchakha Chanu or Ayangleima is the name of the consort of Thangjing, the presiding deity of Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur.
There are two goddesses, Ayangleima Ahal and Ayangleima Atonpi, who are the first and the second wives of the god respectively.
Amphora(/ˈæmfərə/; Ancient Greek: ἀμφορεύς, It was part of ancient roman system of measurement mostly used as a capacity's unit for liquids and grains.
The term amphora was borrowed from the Greeks who used a ceramic container with pointy bottom to save grain and wine.
Atingkok () (literally, father void) is the Supreme Creator God of the universe in Meitei mythology and religion.
The International action group for peace in Libya was founded in May 2018 by the former prime minister of Libya, Mr Omar al-Hassi and Dr.
Mahmoud Refaat with numerous international personalities from Europe and the international community.
5 English or Spanish, the first 'c' in Picchu is silent.
The tadpoles can be 6.72 to 7.47 mm long when they first hatch and they can grow to 2.9 cm.
They eat algae and hide in underwater plants.
Kira Oleksandrivna Rudyk (born October 14, 1985 in Uzhhorod) is a Ukrainian politician and current leader of the political party Golos and since 2019 a member of the Ukrainian parliament.
The Khoirentak tiger () was a vicious monster in Meitei mythology that lived in Khoirentak a kom village.
It was eventually killed by Khuman Khamba.
Some types of Pyrrhura are popular as pets.
When they are pets, they are normally called Conures.
Peter Grosser (28 September 1938 – 2 March 2021) was a German football player and coach.
He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 Munich.
He also represented Germany twice from 1965 until 1966.
He was born in Munich.
Grosser started his career with FC Neuhofen then he went on to MTV München.
In 1956 he went to the youth of FC Bayern München.
1958 he played for the first team.
1963 he went to TSV 1860 Munich.
With this team he played in the 1965 in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup versus West Ham United.
1969 he went to Austria and played 164 matches for SV Austria Salzburg.
1975 his career ended.
Ancient Meitei or Old Manipuri was the early form of the present day Meitei language (Manipuri language) and was the national language of Ancient Manipur.
Gagauz belongs to the Oghuz branch of Turkic languages, with Azerbaijani, Turkmen, and Turkish.
Gagauz has two dialects, Bulgar Gagauzi and Maritime Gagauzi.
Gagauz is not the same language as Balkan Gagauz Turkish.
He is also the coach of the Iranian Chess national youth team, and in 2020, won the third place in the held online in Georgia.
Mehrdad Ardeshi is Champion of the West Asian Qualifiers, the first joint winner of the international competitions of the Fajr decade, two years champion of the Iranian Premier League with Bahman and Railway teams, 4 years individual champion of the Iranian Premier League.
E.
Marinella is an Italian necktie company founded by Eugenio Marinella in 1914 in Naples.
In 1914 Eugenio Marinella open a shop in Naples.
In the 1980s the name Marinella began to land outside the Italian borders thanks to the President of the Republic Francesco Cossiga who took the habit of bringing a box containing five Marinella ties as a gift to the heads of state on his official visits.
Politicians as Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin, Silvio Berlusconi, Jacques Chirac and Hosni Mubarak have worn Marinella ties, as have King Juan Carlos, Prince Charles, Gianni Agnelli and Albert II, Prince of Monaco.
Lainingthou Pishatao (), mononymously known as Pisatao (), is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion.
He is the god of craftsmen and architects.
He is regarded as the divine personification of the ultimate reality, the abstract creative power inherent in deities, living and non living beings in the universe.
Phouoibi (Phouoipi) or 'Phouleima (Phoureima) is the goddess of the agriculture, crops, fertility, grains, harvest, paddy, rice and wealth.
Lasthenia kunthii Hook.et Arn.
(syn.
University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID) is a Nigerian public university in Maiduguri, Borno State.
Nongshaba or Nongsaba () is a Lion God in Meitei religion (Sanamahism) and mythology.
He is also the king of the gods.
He made light for the world.
He made the sun.
He is worshipped by the people of both the Ningthouja clans as well as the Moirang clans.
God Nongshaba is worshipped in Moirang as the father of God Thangching (Thangjing).
After 1726 AD, the culture of worshipping God Nongsaba did not survive for a long time.
His worshipping culture was replaced by the different gods and goddesses of Hinduism.
In Meitei cultural clothes, the design of the Ningkham and the Samjin shows God Nongshaba.
The Samjin shows the head of God Nongshaba.
The Ningkham shows the tail of God Nongshaba.
The head of God Nongshaba is similar to that of the unicorn.
It is shown in the head cloth.
It is shown by the curved decorated stick raising up at its top.
The two ears of God Nongshaba are shown by the fan like clothes on the two sides of the head cloth.
The beard of God Nongshaba is shown by the long and narrow line of a decorative cloth.
That cloth is hung loosely on the chest.
The designed body of God Nongshaba is shown by the Khamen Chatpa cloth.
According to Samuel Tvardovskyi's poem The Great Embassy (written between 1621 and 1623, published in 1633), she was the daughter of an Orthodox priest from Rohatyn (his last name - Lisovskyi- appeared later in artistic works).
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020.
The schedule is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).
The final will be played on 29 May 2021 at the Estádio do Dragão in Porto.
A draw was held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the home team for administrative purposes.
The original schedule of the competition, as planned before the pandemic, was as follows (all draws held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise).
Sheriff Tiraspol made their debut appearance in the group stage.
They were the first team from Moldova to play in the Champions League group stage.
On each matchday, one set of four groups played their matches on Tuesday, while the other set of four groups played their matches on Wednesday.
With the two sets of groups alternating between each matchday.
The fixtures were decided after the draw.
Using a computer draw not shown to public, with the following match sequence.
The schedule is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).
He dislikes the modern UK Conservative Party and has been against many of their policies, such as their handling of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Hitchens has written many books, including The Abolition of Britain, The Rage Against God, and The War We Never Fought.
The group stage draw was held on 1 October 2020.
The Saikyō Line(, ) is a Japanese railway line operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
It connects Ōsaki Station in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and Ōmiya Station in Saitama Prefecture.
The line's name is an abbreviation of the two areas the line connects: Saitama() and Tōkyō().
Goddess Kounu and her husband God Koubru are worshipped in many cults and shrines of Manipur.
Some are located in Mayang Langjing, Awang Khunnou, Senjam, Chirang, Loitang Khunnou, Tingri, Koutruk, Awang Potsangbam, Sairem Khul, Kameng, Sarouthel, Lairel Sajik, Lairel Kaabi, Heibongpokpi, Nongchup Sanjenbam, Tauthong, Haorang Keithel, Haorang Saabal, Kwak Siphai, Narelkonjin, Thamnapokpi, Awang Sekmai, Leimram, Phumlou Keiroi, Phumlou Siphai, Potsangbam Thouriphi, Samushang, Keinou Thongthak, Khonghampat, Akham, Morok Ingkhol, Lambaal Khul, Phayeng, Haujongban, Awang Keingam, Khurkhul and Leikinthabi.
A Lam Lai () refers to a presiding tutelary deity of a particular region, especially village, in Meitei religion and mythology.
A Hingchabi (, ) is a mythical creature in Meitei mythology, folklore and religion (Sanamahism) of Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur).
She has characters similar to those of the vampires as well as the witches.
Pejman Bazeghi (; born August 10, 1974 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor.
Iputhou Pakhangba Laishang, the ancient temple dedicated to Pakhangba, in the heart of Kangla, the old metropolis of Ancient Manipur, is a masterpiece of Meitei architecture.
Kadsura Kaempf.
Ex Juss., 1810 is a genus of plants.
It has 16 species of bejucos woody plants.
It belongs to the family Schisandraceae.
Its type species is K.
japonica (L., 1753) Dunal, 1817.
Amir Hossein Arman () is an Iranian actor, singer and model born on November 5, 1982 in Tehran, Iran.
He attended theater classes in Iran before embarking on his artistic career.
Arman also acted in several TV series, such as Kimia and Paria.
These made him more famous than before.
In his acting career, Arman has roles in different genres such as drama, romance, Mysterious crime and humor genre.
In the next section, the prominent artists of Iran will be introduced.
During the program, various reports from various places of interest, customs and cultures are prepared and broadcast.
Music, anthems and interviews with singers are other parts of the program.
There are also sports and competition sections for artists in the show.
It was a memorable final, with Argentina becoming the second team to win the World Cup after losing their first game.
France scored three goals in the final but still lost, a first in World Cup history.
Lionel Messi was named the man of the match and received the Golden Ball award for being the best player in the tournament.
Many experts and fans consider this match as one of the greatest World Cup finals and one of the best matches in football history.
The Ancient Meitei astronomers had developed the knowledge of the planets, stars and other heavenly bodies.
They believed in the nine planets, which includes the sun and the moon, and excludes the Earth and Pluto.
The development of metallurgy was well advanced in the Kakching region in Ancient Manipur.
It used various techniques and methods to extract iron ores and convert them into usable forms.
The series Hasht Behesht has been broadcast on various national television channels in Iran, such as IRIB TV3 and IRIB Shoma and continues to be broadcast on various Iranian television channels.
Lake Göygöl is the second largest lake in Azerbaijan.
The lake has a length of 48 km and stretches to widths of up to 3 km across.
It is named after a 14th-century Azerbaijani king, Huseyn Göygöl who ruled his kingdom and military forces just kilometres from the water, and used it as their main water source.
Lake Göygöl is now known today as a secluded lake that regional people use for fishing and swimming.
The Meitei calendar or Manipuri calendar or Kangleipak calendar or Maliyapham Palcha Kumshing calendar is a traditional lunar calendar invented and used by the Meitei ethnicity for religious and agricultural purposes.
It was developed by Emperor Maliyapham Palcha (1359 BC-1329 BC) in (Palcha era) in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
Similar to the Gregorian calendar (Roman calendar), it also has twelve months in a year, four weeks in a month and seven days in a week.
The governing body of the traditional Meitei calendar is the Kangleipak Calendar Board, which annually organizes meetings at which the annual calendar is published officially.
Samy A.
Azer is an Egyptian-born Australian physician author and medical educator.
He was honoured to contribute to medical education in several countries, including the University of Sydney and the University of Melbourne in Australia, the University of Toyama in Japan, the Universiti Teknologi MARA in Malaysia, and King Saud University in Saudi Arabia.
Paul Gough is an British academic and painter who is the current Vice Chancellor of Arts University Bournemouth, England.
Irai Ningthou () or Ike Ningthau () is a God in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
He is the God and the divine male personification of water.
He mainly dwells in the rivers and lakes.
The dragons play a significant role in the legendary accounts of Meitei folklore, Meitei literature, Meitei mythology and Meitei religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur), Medieval Kangleipak (Medieval Manipur) and Modern Kangleipak (Modern Manipur).
Years after a tragedy compelled Michael 'Bigil' Rayappan (Vijay) to give up a promising career in football, destiny presents him with an opportunity to pursue his passion for the sport as the coach of the women's team.
Vakhtang Kikabidze (; 19 July 1938 – 15 January 2023), also known as Buba (), was a Georgian (formerly Soviet) singer, actor, screenwriter, producer, composer and politician.
He became a member of Parliament in 2020.
He has had notable roles.
He is married and has a son.
He became famous as a lead singer of Orera, a Georgian estrada group which registered as the first Vocal-Instrumental Ensemble in the Soviet Union in 1958.
Killing a Traitor () is an Iranian movie Drama, written and directed by Masoud Kimiai.
«[They are] strong in spirit, have no doubt in the right [of them], supported by friends, colleagues and the people that they do not know at all – such Katya and Dasha will be put in books, Aksana Kolb, editor-in-chief of Novy Chas, wrote two or three days before their sentencing.
February 1999) is an Iranian actress.
On 2 April 2021, at , a Taroko Express train operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) derailed at the north entrance of Qingshui Tunnel in Heren Section, Xiulin Township, Hualien County, Taiwan.
It killed at least 51 people and injured more than 202 others.
In the home page of Google Taiwan, It has added the picture of black ribbon in the search bar on 3 April to symbloize the mourning of the deaths in this issue.
The culture of Meitei civilization evolved over thousands of years, beginning in Ancient Manipur, continuing most notably into Medieval Manipur, while influencing the neighboring states and kingdoms.
Jagoi, originally spelled as Chatkoi, is the traditional form of dancing, performed by the devotees to please the deities.
Manipur, the Meitei kingdom, has risen to prominence in a number of sporting areas since ancient times till today.
Nokia 6260 was included in the Mobile TV Series on February 4, 2009, along with the Nokia N93, and the Nokia 6260 was announced on March 5, 2009.
The Nokia 6260 was scheduled for release on April 5, 2009, during the Nokia Tablet Congress in September 25, 2006.
The Nokia 6260 was also officially released worldwide in April 5, 2009, and the first version was released in the United States earlier.
In many religions, such as Islam, it is believed that things do not happen unless Allah (God in Arabic) lets them happen.
Therefore this phrase is a hope that God will let the event happen.
Reptilian or Yonggary 2001 is a 1999/2001 South Korean-American action-horror comedy science fiction adventure monster film directed by Shim Hyung-rae.
loosely based on the original character of the same name, in the 1967 film as a self-remake called Reptilian.
There are various tones of cerise.
Sometimes (in 2021) it has been called the UK variant.
Lælia is a small genus of orchids with twenty species .
Government Boys Higher Secondary School Ichgam is located at the main bus stand of Ichgam, behind the newly built complex.
Managed by the Department of Education, the school was established in the year 1930.
The medium of instructions in this school is English.
Government Boys Higher Secondary School is housed in the two government owned buildings.
The UDISE code of the school is 01040900603.
The school is co-educational and consists of the classes from nine (9th) to twelve (12th).
Kirengeshoma is a genus containing two species of plants in the hydrangea family.
Meitei Hindus or Manipuri Hindus are the adherents of Hinduism and are native to Manipur kingdom and the South East Asian regions.
Meitei Hindus speak Meitei language (Manipuri language), which belongs to the Sino-Tibetan language family and adhere to the Vaishnava section of their religion, Hinduism.
Though there were earlier Brahmin settlements in Medieval Manipur, the entire Meitei ethnicity remains to be ethno-religious to Sanamahism until the great historical event of the Puya Mei Thaba took place during the reign of , the then Emperor of Manipur kingdom, after which the entire ethnicity were forcibly converted into Hinduism.
Across the year, Meitei people celebrate festivals.
They often celebrate events from Ancient Manipur and often happen at seasonal changes.
Festivals which are part of traditional Meitei culture have fixed dates according to the Meitei calendar.
Cheiraoba, the new year festival of the Meitei ethnicity is on the 1st lunar day of Sajibu month.
During the celebration, people worship Lainingthou Sanamahi inside the Sanamahi Kachin, by offering fruits and vegetables available during that season of the year.
Kwaak Taanba, the ceremonial freeing of the crow by the Meitei king, falls on the 10th lunar day of the Mera month.
Dr Mukhmohit Singh, MBBS, MD (Community Medicine) is a faculty for training students for PSM subject for various entrance exams across and outside India.
To his credit, he has clinical-cum-research experience of working as Medical officer in corporate hospitals, as well as clinical research student for projects in PGIMER, Chandigarh.
The 2017 Brussels summit was the 28th official meeting of NATO leaders, head of states and heads of government.
The place the summit was held in was Brussels, Belgium on 25 May 2017.
Not only as a musician but also as an actor.
Inuzuka was active even after the age that he is said to be a great veteran, but his wife died around 2015, and he himself turned 90 years old and suffered from spinal canal stenosis and other diseases.
He announced his intention to retire as an actor at the end of the film Labyrinth of Cinema (directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi) scheduled to be released in 2020, saying that his body was stuck as he was affected by the disease.
However, this is only a retirement as an actor, not as an artist or comedian.
As of 2019, Inuzuka led a retired life in a condo for the elderly in Atami City, Shizuoka Prefecture.
Meitei folktales or Manipuri folktales refer to the large collection of folk stories developed from the Meitei culture since Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
These are the lion's share in the large tradition of the Meitei folklore.
Folktales are called funga wari (phunga wari), literally meaning stories of kitchen furnace or stove in Manipuri (Meitei).
In early times, in the Meitei households, children must have gathered around the kitchen fire, listening to the stories narrated by the elders.
Generally, Meitei folktales were developed from the creativity of the old folks, especially the grandparents, who narrated the children the diverse sagas of varying genres.
This is a list of the stories from the Funga Wari (literally, folktales), a book on Meitei folklore, published by the Naharol Khorjei Thaugallup Jaribon.
There are numerous folk stories, mainly fables, from Meitei folklore, compiled by B.
Jayantakumar Sharma in the book Fungawari Singbul.
Mangang, Luwang and Khuman were distinguished by the passionate love for God and self abnegation.
This feeling of self effacing love for God as the only ultimate means of realisation and salvation formed the basis of early Meitei religion.
Habibullah Bahar College () is a college in Dhaka city, Bangladesh.
It was founded in 1969.
Habibullah Bahar College is located at Shantinagar, at the mid of Dhaka city.
Here is an example of a hello world program in Kotlin.
// Import fmt library through the standard library.
// Define entry point.
Khuman Khamba (ꯈꯨꯃꯟ ꯈꯝꯕ) is the son of Khuman Puremba, a brave warrior and Ngangkhaleima, a wood nymph.
He is best known for being a paragon of far reaching adventures and masculinity.
He is a lover of Moirang Thoibi and after killing the Khoirentak tiger, he got married to the princess.
The term Thoibi means perfection or completion of beauty and accomplishments.
Nongban (ꯅꯣꯡꯕꯥꯟ) is the principal villain character in the epic saga.
He is a man of Angom blood lineage.
He is a suitor of Moirang Thoibi, besides having numerous wives.
Knowing the fact that the princess loves Khuman Khamba, he devised many evil plots to get rid of him.
But every time, Thangching and other gods save Khuman Khamba from danger.
Later, he died when a tiger attacked him in the hunt.
Senu (ꯁꯦꯅꯨ) is the closest friend and a maid of Moirang Thoibi.
Legend says that she is the actual daughter of Chingkhu Akhuba, who after returning from a journey, found a baby girl on the way, brought her to home.
During the very time, Chingkhu Akhuba's wife gave birth to a baby girl at home.
Thoughtlessly, Chingkhu Akhuba placed the stranger girl along the side of his own daughter.
When his wife felt conscious, she mistook the stranger girl as her own baby and brought her up as Moirang Thoibi while her own blood grew up as a servant girl, Senu.
There are two extra directions, which are zenith (upwards) and nadir (downwards).
The Laihui Ensemble is a centre for research on traditional and indigenous performing arts, based on Imphal, Manipur.
It was established in 1985.
Here is a Hello world program written in swift.
Allstate is a large corporation, it ranked 79th in the 2019 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total income.
This high level of endemism is explained by the continent's long geographic isolation and its tectonic stability (few earthquakes, volcanoes and recent mountain formations).
Australia has few placental mammals.
Marsupials occupy many of the ecological niches which placental animals occupy elsewhere in the world.
Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah (1565 – 11 January 1612) was the fifth sultan of the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golkonda and founded the city of Hyderabad, in South-central India and built its architectural centerpiece, the Charminar and Mecca Masjid.
He was an able administrator and his reign is considered one of the high points of the Qutb Shahi dynasty.
He ascended to the throne in 1580 at the age of 15 and ruled for 31 years.
Mausoleum of Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah in Hyderabad.
The planetary system contains at least 3 members: HD 100546 b and a protoplanet forming in denser regions of the circumstellar disks (c).
Cadet grey is a blue-greyish shade of the color grey.
Kangleipak (present day Manipur) has one of the oldest, richest and deepest histories in the world.
Culturally, Manipur has a very long and rich heritage.
This list does not include the historical sites of Medieval Kangleipak (Medieval Manipur).
The Bihu Loukon () or the Chenglei Leipak () is an ancient star shaped mud fortress built in a prehistoric era.
Archeological survey proved that it is much older than those structures in the Kangla.
With the collective teamwork of the historians and the archeologists, the site is opined to be the place of dominion of the Chenglei dynasty (Chenglei Leipāk).
The Battle of Imphal () was a battle in the World War II.
Many copies of the wind phone have been built around the world.
In Oakland, California, artist Jordan Stern built a wind telephone in February 2017, to remember the 36 people who died in the 2016 Oakland warehouse fire, including his friend.
The Prehistory of Kangleipak or the pre-literary history of Manipur is the period of human history between the first use of stone tools by early men and the time just preceding Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
Comparing with other regions of the world, the development process of the archaeological work in Manipur is of recent times.
The pioneering work in archeology was initiated by O.
Kumar Singh.
Before his presence, there was little information on the existence of the stone culture of Manipur.
Paleolithic period is the most primitive stone culture era.
The Paleolithic period varies from place to place.
In Manipur's neighbouring country Burma (Myanmar), the lower Paleolithic culture started from 750000 to 275000 BP.
The Homo erectus (early Anyathian culture) began to settle on the banks of the Ayeyawaddy river in Burma in 750000 BCE.
The Neolithic period is the last of the three Stone Age periods.
It has 4 archeological sites in Manipur.
In the time of the emperor Marcus Claudius Tacitus, Probus was probably a governor of the East ().
Polychlorated naphtalenes, or PCN are the products that are made when naphtalene is treated with chlorine.
In many respects, these substances are similar to Polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs.
The Nippon Blue Jays on social media team uses Toronto Blue Jays badge from the Major League Baseball team due to possibly similar names.
Mixa is a French brand of cosmetics for sensitive skin.
It is part of the L'Oréal group.
The Official Language spoken in the neighboring area is Kannada, but the native Tibetan language is spoken by the residents.
Due to social integration with other Indians, most of the Tibetan living in Chowkur are also fluent in Kannada as well.
The younger generation speak Tibetan and Kannada in the region.
Kannada is mostly used to communicate with Indians.
The fourth installment of the Ekimae Series.
Since then, Industrial Spy Free for All (directed by Takashi Tsuboshima), Mahjong Madness will be coupled eight times in total with the Crazy Movie and Ekimae Series.
Student of the Year is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Karan Johar, based on a story by Johar and a script by Rensil D'Silva and Niranjan Iyengar, and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions and Gauri Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment.
The movie stars Sidharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan in the lead roles, and Rishi Kapoor, Sana Saeed, Ronit Roy, Sahil Anand, Ram Kapoor and Farida Jalal are all playing major supporting roles, with Boman Irani, Kajol, Farah Khan and Vaibhavi Merchant in guest appearances.
This movie marks the debuts of Sidharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan.
Notably, this is also the first of several collaborations of Bhatt and Dhawan.
The film's plot is this - The friendship of Abhi (Sidharth Malhotra) and Rohan (Varun Dhawan) is shaken when Abhi falls for their mutual friend, Shanaya (Alia Bhatt).
The Tournament Committee was chaired by FIFA Vice-President Harry Cavan, who had spearheaded the creation of the World Youth Championship.
The 1904 Olympic Games were spread over several months, linked to the St.
Louis World's Fair, and football, in November, was the last sport to be contested.
The tournament was played as a straight round-robin, although the game between Christian Brothers College and St.
Rose Parish was replayed due to a draw in their first game.
According to a report in the Toronto Mail and Empire newspaper of November 18, 1904, medals were awarded to the players in St.
Louis.
Despite this, the International Olympic Committee currently credits Great Britain, France and Belgium with gold, silver and bronze medals respectively as part of its attempt to reconcile early Olympic Games with the modern award scheme.
The football matches were held at the Vélodrome de Vincennes in Paris.
Motor racing was contested at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Fourteen events were held in conjunction with 1900 World's Fair.
These events have generally not been classified as official, although the IOC has never decided which events were Olympic and which were not.
According to the calculated Age Dependency Ratios, there are 42 youth dependents for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte; 7 aged/senior citizens for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte; and 48 dependents (young and old-age) for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte.
The median age of 26 means that half of the people in Siempre Viva Norte are under the age of 26 and the other half are over the age of 26.
The population of Siempre Viva Norte increased by 761 people from 1,211 in 1990 to 1,972 in 2015.
The most recent census estimates from 2015 show a 1.93 percent rise, or an increase of 188 individuals, over the previous population of 1,784 in 2010.
All ten CONMEBOL national teams are eligible to enter.
The Enneagram mixes ideas usually accepted in the theory of personality but it has been sent away and called pseudoscience by some personality assessment experts.
Other notable highlights of McPartlin's career alongside Donnelly include presenting PokerFace, Push the Button, Pop Idol, and Red or Black?
being hosts of charity appeal Text Santa (between 2011 and 2014), and also performing as pop music duo PJ & Duncan.
The Tiangong space station is a space station in Low Earth orbit.
The space station belongs to China's space program.
As of 2024, the space station has astronauts.
The station will be built from several parts.
These are shown in the diagram below.
Badrinath Ki Dulhania () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie.
Badrinath Ki Dulhania was the third time Dhawan and Bhatt acted together after their previous movies Student of the Year (2012) and Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014).
osu!has 4 game modes, osu!standard, osu!taiko, osu!catch and osu!mania.
osu!standard is the most popular one.
The Tomb of Bijri Khan is situated at Sector-3 of RK Puram area in New Delhi.
The mausoleum is built on a raised mound along Venkateshwara Marg.
The monument has been graded an archaelogical value A by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH).
The high dome of the monument is crowned by red sandstone and marble pinnacle, none of which are visible now, possibly because of the damage by atmospheric weathering.
Cable is a way to provide internet services to homes and businesses through a coaxial cable .
Because cable internet uses existing cable TV wires, it can service large areas without building new wires, especially in the United States.
Aliyu Mai-Bornu (1919 – 23 February 1970) was the first indigenous Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
As a section of the joint development agreement, it was said that half of the land was then to be used in order to construct 1,512 EWS apartments.
The other half of it was to be used by Maverick Holdings Corporation in order to build a mall.
The eviction of residents had been stalled several times, even after several rights groups had staged protests, alleging that the projects seemed like a land scam.
The citizen groups and protestors had accused the BBMP of constructing just 1,512 houses and residences within a site that could host up to 3,000 houses, by choosing to split the land equally with a private builder.
In the year 1983, the Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BMP) that was in power at the time had begun the establishment of EWS houses in the new locality of Ejipura, at the price of Rs.
223 crore, employing a HUDCO loan.
The residential project was completed in 1991.
During the years 1993 to 1994, these residences were given to the EWS families, who had to previously apply in order to get the houses sanctioned.
Exactly 1,512 houses had been constructed in within 42 blocks (36 houses in each block) within a 10.30 acre land.
The Blunderbuss is a short, muzzleloading smoothbore gun, similar to a musket or carbine but has a bigger barrel designed for multiple pellets to be put in.
It is considered to be a precursor to the shotgun.
A blunderbuss in handgun shape was called a dragon which made way for the word dragoon.
Tony Xu, (born 1985 as Xu Xun) (Chinese: 徐迅), is a Chinese-American technology executive.
He is the co-founder and CEO of DoorDash.
Which is an American Company that operate an online food ordering and food delivery platform.
Andy Fang is a Chinese-American billionaire tech entrepreneur.
He is best known as the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer at DoorDash.
The draft further listed the island under the Port Limits of Mormugao Port Trust.
The reason behind this move is feared by the locals as it could allow the islanders to be at the mercy of the MPT which may transfer the serene land to industrial lobby groups and displace the people of São Jacinto in its stead.
Budigere is a town in East Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.
It is in Hoskote Taluk, Devanahalli block, Bengaluru Rural district.
It is just off Old Madras Road.
This article contains material that was originally translated from the German Wikipedia article .
Dashboard Confessional is an American rock band from Boca Raton, Florida, led by singer-songwriter Chris Carrabba.
Baldini Castoldi Dalai Editore is an Italian publishing house, founded in 1897 and located under the arcades of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele in Milan.
Baldini & Castoldi changed its name to Dalai Editore in 2011, and Baldini & Castoldi became a series of Dalai Editore.
The company has published several successful authors.
Jawahar Nagar is a residential colony located in the Kowdiar locality in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.
It is a prime housing locality in the city boasting various dignitaries and cinema actors as its residents.
It also houses bureaucrats from UAE, which holds a permanent residence in the colony.
The center of the colony holds a single storied commercial building featuring small local business.
Recently, various upscale cafes have also made made their debut in the area increasing the face value of the posh colony.
Malaparamba is primarily a residential area.
There are 4 main residential pockets are Malaparamba Housing Colony (KSHB Colony), BSNL colony, Deshodharani Colony and Nanma Colony.
Each colony houses over a 100 families.
The presently available volume of ancient literature is actually lessened due to the dark historical event of Puya Mei Thaba (literally, burning of the manuscripts) in the 18th century AD.
Verstappen became the youngest driver to start a World Championship race through joining Toro Rosso's race drivers' lineup with Carlos Sainz as his teammate, in his Grand Prix debut as a full-time driver at the 2015 Australian Grand Prix at the age of — breaking Jaime Alguersuari's existing record by almost two years.
However, at the subsequent race in Malaysia, Verstappen qualified sixth and finished the race in seventh place, scoring his first Formula One points aged , breaking the record of the then-youngest driver to score World Championship points.
At the 2015 Monaco Grand Prix, Verstappen was involved in a high-speed collision with Romain Grosjean, after clipping the back of Grosjean's Lotus on the approach to the tight first corner, Sainte Devote, and crashed into the barriers at high speed.
Verstappen was given a five-place grid penalty for causing the accident, and was branded dangerous by Williams driver Felipe Massa.
During the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen collided with Räikkönen at the first corner, pushed Vettel, Räikkönen and Pérez wide at Les Combes, and aggressively blocked Räikkönen on the Kemmel straight.
Verstappen was criticised for his driving, with Räikkönen saying that he was going to cause a huge accident sooner or later.
Christian Horner noted that the driving was on the edge, and that Verstappen will look at it and learn for future races.
In September, F1 director Charlie Whiting called in Verstappen for a discussion, and later gave him a 'gentle warning' due to his aggressive driving.
However, in October, drivers' concerns about Verstappen's defensive tactics led the FIA to disallow moving under braking.
During the first 14 races of the 2017 season, Verstappen suffered seven retirements, four due to mechanical issues, and three due to first lap collisions in Spain, Austria and Singapore.
Of the races he finished, however, he claimed a third place in China, and in the another five races he finished fourth or fifth.
From the Malaysian Grand Prix onward, Verstappen enjoyed a surge of success.
He won his second Formula One race at the 2017 Malaysian Grand Prix, a day after his 20th birthday, passing then three-time champion Lewis Hamilton for the lead in the early stages of the race.He finished second in the following race in Japan.
He then finished third at the United StatesGrand Prix, but was classified fourth after his final lap overtake on Kimi Räikkönen was deemed illegal.
He won his third Formula One race at the Mexican Grand Prix, after passing Sebastian Vettel on the opening lap.
In the first six races of the season, Verstappen had been involved in at least one incident in each race.
In Australia, he qualified fourth but fell behind Kevin Magnussen at the start.
In his attempts to retake the position he ran wide multiple times and damaged his car, with a spin causing him to fall further down the order.
He recovered to eventually finish the race in sixth place.
At the next race in Bahrain, he crashed during qualifying and started in 15th place.He had a productive first lap after which he found himself in the points while challenging Lewis Hamilton.
He attempted an overtake on the reigning World Champion at the start of lap two, but collided with the Mercedes driver and suffered a puncture that ultimately led to suspension damage, forcing him out of the race.
At the next race in China, Verstappen qualified fifth and had moved up to third at the end of the first lap.
Both Red Bull drivers pitted for fresh tyres during a safety car which left them with a tyre advantage over the front-runners ahead.
In an overtake attempt on Sebastian Vettel for third place, Verstappen collided with the championship leader, causing him to fall to eighth and receive a 10-second penalty.
He recovered to fourth place, with his penalty causing him to be classified fifth.
Teammate Ricciardo went on to win the race.
In Azerbaijan, Verstappen was embroiled in a race-long battle with Ricciardo for fourth place.
After numerous position changes between the two teammates during the race, Ricciardo ran into the back of Verstappen during an overtake attempt from which the Dutchman aggressively defended, causing the retirement of both cars.
Both drivers were blamed by the team and reprimanded by the stewards.
Verstappen bounced back in Spain with his first podium of the season by finishing third behind the Mercedes drivers, holding off Sebastian Vettel.
However, the race was also not without incident as he had run into the back of Lance Stroll during the virtual safety car period, causing minor front wing damage.
In Monaco, Verstappen made another error and crashed near the end of the third free practice session in an incident which closely resembled a crash he had at the same spot two years earlier.
His team could not repair his car in time for qualifying and Verstappen had to start the race from the back of the grid.
Verstappen did not compete and did not set a lap time in qualifying, therefore teammate Ricciardo pressed home Red Bull's advantage at the track by taking pole position and the race win.
Verstappen managed to salvage 2 points by finishing ninth place, overtaking 6 cars on track.
Team principal Christian Horner commented on Verstappen's start of the season, saying he needed to stop making these mistakes and that he could learn from his teammate, while Helmut Marko, head of driver development at Red Bull, said that Verstappen was too impatient.
Verstappen now lay in sixth place in the championship with 35 points, only three points ahead of Fernando Alonso in the McLaren, and 37 points behind his teammate in third, who had taken two wins in the first six races.
In Canada, Verstappen topped all three practice sessions and qualified third, two-tenths off Sebastian Vettel in pole position.
He eventually finished third and set the fastest lap of the race.
The following race in France brought him second place.
In Austria—Red Bull's home track, he started fourth on the grid, passed Kimi Räikkönen before taking advantage of retirement from Valtteri Bottas and a botched pit-stop strategy by Lewis Hamilton, who later had to retire from fourth place, to claim the fourth race victory of his career.
In Britain, Verstappen was plagued by issues, finishing the first practice session early due to a gearbox problem and crashing in the second practice session before retiring from the race due to a brake problem.
He would then finish fourth in Germany after strategy errors let a recovering Hamilton get past him as he went on to win the race.
Verstappen ended the first half of the season with a retirement in Hungary and was narrowly behind his teammate in the championship due to his own recent resurgence and Ricciardo's unreliability.
Verstappen enjoyed a very strong second half of the season, achieving podium finishes in Belgium, Singapore, Japan and the United States, the latter of which he achieved second place having started from 18th on the grid due to a suspension failure in qualifying.
Following the qualifying session at the Mexican Grand Prix, Verstappen revealed that a mechanical problem with his Red Bull under braking cost him any chance of becoming the youngest-ever Formula One pole-sitter.
As a result, Ricciardo beat Verstappen to pole position by just 0.026 seconds.
Verstappen had a better start than Ricciardo and took the lead of the race into the first corner, overtaking the fast-starting Mercedes of Lewis Hamilton.
Verstappen earned his fifth career win in Mexico.
He was poised to win the 2018 Brazilian Grand Prix, having overtaken Räikkönen, Vettel, Bottas, and Hamilton.
However, he collided with Force India driver Esteban Ocon who was trying to unlap himself on faster tyres.
Ocon received a 10-second stop-and-go penalty for the incident.
After the collision with Ocon, Verstappen finished in second place behind Hamilton.
During an argument with Ocon after the race, Verstappen pushed the Force India driver, for which he was given two days of public service as a penalty by the FIA.
He then finished his season with another podium as he finished third in Abu Dhabi.
Verstappen ended the season in fourth place in the championship with 249 points, claiming two wins, eleven podium finishes, and two fastest laps.
In 2019 Red Bull switched from Renault to Honda power units.
After Ricciardo moved to the Renault team for 2019, Verstappen was joined at Red Bull by Pierre Gasly.
Verstappen qualified in fourth and finished third in Australia, the first podium finish for a Honda-powered driver since the 2008 British Grand Prix.
Verstappen was on course for a second third-place finish in Bahrain before a late safety car prevented him from overtaking Charles Leclerc's ailing Ferrari, keeping him in fourth place.
Two more fourth-place finishes followed in China and Azerbaijan, and a podium in Spain in third place.
In Monaco, Verstappen qualified in third place.
He was released into the path of Valtteri Bottas during the drivers' pit stops, gaining second place but receiving a 5-second penalty as a result.
Verstappen crossed the line in second place but was demoted to fourth by the penalty.
In Canada, Verstappen's final lap in the second qualifying session was hampered by a red flag brought out by Kevin Magnussen's crash.
This caused Verstappen to qualify 11th and start the race in ninth place.
He later recovered to finish fifth.
In France he started and finished in fourth place.
In Austria, Verstappen started third but suffered a poor start, dropping down to eighth.
After a charge towards the front, he made his way up to second before controversially passing Leclerc for the lead of the race with three laps to go.
This marked the first Honda-powered race victory since the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix.
In Britain, Verstappen, running in third place, was hit from behind during an overtake attempt by Sebastian Vettel and spun into the gravel.
Verstappen was able to continue and crossed the line in fifth place.
The wet and chaotic German Grand Prix began similarly to the race in Austria for Verstappen, as a poor start caused him to fall behind.
However, he would inherit the lead midway through the race after a crash by race leader Hamilton.
Verstappen would go on to extend his lead after the track began to dry, claiming his second victory of the season.
In Hungary, he claimed the first pole position of his career and led most of the race before being passed in the closing laps by Hamilton, who had made another stop for fresh tyres in a gamble to catch the leader.
Before the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen received a new teammate in Alexander Albon after Pierre Gasly was demoted back to Toro Rosso.
In the race, Verstappen had a poor start and collided with Kimi Räikkönen at the first corner, resulting in suspension damage and causing Verstappen's first retirement of the season.
In Italy, he did not set a time during qualifying after his car lost power in Q1, but he was already required to start from the back of the grid due to an engine component penalty.
After damaging his front wing on the first lap, he recovered to finish the race in eighth place.
third and fourth-place finishes followed in Singapore and Russia respectively.
After suffering damage in a first-lap collision with Charles Leclerc in Japan, Verstappen suffered his second retirement of the season.
In Mexico, he qualified in first place after setting the fastest lap-time of the session, before being handed a grid penalty for ignoring yellow flags after a crash by Valtteri Bottas.Verstappen suffered a puncture early in the race after making contact with Bottas, falling to the back of the field before eventually recovering to sixth place.
A third-place finish in the United States followed, before Verstappen took the second pole position of his career with a 1:07.508 pole lap time in Brazil.
In a chaotic race, he passed Lewis Hamilton for the lead on two occasions before going on to claim his third victory of the season.
Verstappen ended the season with a second-place finish in Abu Dhabi.
Verstappen finished the 2019 season in third place in the championship with 278 points.
He claimed three race victories, nine podium finishes, two pole positions, and three fastest laps.
Verstappen continued to race for Red Bull in 2020, alongside Albon.
At the 2020 Austrian Grand Prix, he started second, but retired early in the race after a flywheel-related problem caused an electronic issue within the power unit.
Honda introduced countermeasures in response to the retirement.
At the 2020 Hungarian Grand Prix, he crashed in wet conditions during the formation lap while he was on his way to the starting grid, but he was able to drive the car back to the grid where his mechanics fixed the suspension of the car in the short time that was left before the start of the race.
After the repairs, Verstappen progressed from seventh place on the grid to second place by the end of the race.
Verstappen won the 70th Anniversary Grand Prix at Silverstone, having started from fourth.
Verstappen clinched second place at the Spanish Grand Prix, after qualifying in third.
At the 2020 Belgian Grand Prix, he scored a podium in third place, following his third place on the starting grid.
He suffered from two consecutive DNFs at the Italian and Tuscan Grands Prix after which he lost second place in the Championship.
At the Russian Grand Prix, Verstappen finished the race in second, his seventh podium finish of 2020.
At the Eifel Grand Prix, Verstappen finished in second after qualifying in third.
He also managed to get the fastest lap of the race.
At the Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third, however a poor first lap meant that he dropped back down the order to fifth place.
He recovered to third and took his 40th podium in Formula 1.
At the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Verstappen looked set to claim second due to Valtteri Bottas' ailing Mercedes slowing down, but a sudden puncture denied him any chance of a podium finish; Verstappen spun, resulting in his fourth retirement of the 2020 season.
During Free Practice for the Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen was criticised for comments he made on the team radio after a collision with Lance Stroll, where he used the words retard and mongol in response to the clash.
Verstappen admitted following the session that the word choices he used were not correct.
The Mongolian government and the Mongol identity asked Verstappen to apologise for the comments; the Mongolian government also urged the FIA to take action on the comments he made.
Verstappen and Hamilton were on equal points in the Drivers' Championship going into the final round, the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, with Verstappen leading on countback.
Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap to win the race, and his first Formula One World Drivers' Championship.
Verstappen, who had qualified on pole position by nearly four tenths of a second, had a slow start off the line at the start of the race and dropped to second place.
Verstappen was trailing Hamilton by over ten seconds until a late safety car was called in due to a crash at turn 14 involving Williams driver Nicholas Latifi.
The withdrawal of the safety car and the resumption of the race following the safety car period was met with controversy.
Race director Michael Masi allowed only a certain number of lapped cars through, which after the race brought from the Mercedes team a protest and stated intention to appeal against the race result, arguing that all lapped cars should be allowed through, Red Bull counter argued that this was not specified by the wording of the regulations.
The protest was rejected, although subsequent investigation by the FIA ruled that Masi had misinterpreted the rule and the wording of the rule was amended for the 2022 season to specify that all cars will unlap themselves (at the race director's discretion) rather than any.
Verstappen passed Hamilton at turn 5 of the final lap of the race to become the 34th Formula One World Drivers' Champion.
Volhynia is a region of Ukraine that is located north of Podolia, south of Polesia, east of the Bug River, and west of Kyiv.
Volhynia's area is about 70,000 square kilometers and its population is more than four million people.
In the 16th century, with the 1569 Treaty of Lublin, Volhynia became a largely self-governing part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, keeping its Ukrainian character but having its elite become Polish, or Polonized.
Most of Volhynia was annexed by the Russian Empire in the late 18th century due to the partitions of Poland.
But Austria also got to annex a small part of Volhynia during this time.
It was in invented in 1950 by Canadians Harry Wasylyk, Larry Hansen and Frank Plomp.
In a special on CBC Television, the green garbage bags (first garbage bags in Canada) ranked 36th among the top 50 Canadian inventions.
Trash bags or Trash liners usually come in different colors.
However, these colors are not just made to make the trashes look good for the eyes.
The colors usually show what kind of trash is supposed to go in them.
The term Dances of Manipur covers the different aspects of the varying dance forms originated from the kingdom of Manipur.
Many times the very term is often misunderstood and confused with the term Manipuri dance.
In fact, Manipuri dance is a particular dance form while Dances of Manipur refer to any dance forms associated with Manipur.
The Panthoibi Jagoi (; ) is a divine traditional dance form, depicting the romance between Panthoibi and Nongpok Ningthou.
B.O.C Road (Bombay Oil Company) is a locality in the Perumbavoor municipality of Ernakulam district of Kerala.
During the 1920s, Quill established the City of Cork Co-operative Society with Con Desmond.
This included social enterprises such as Cooperative Tea, Cooperative Cream and Cooperative Bread.
He was also a member of the Cork Co-operators' Guild.
He was also the editor of The Cork Co-Operator, a monthly publication of the co-operative movement in Cork.
In a letter to the editor, published on the cover of the June 1939 issue, Steve Denny (director of the London Co-operative Society) described The Cork Co-Operator as a bright little paper.
Quill frequently attended the Co-operative Congress in the UK throughout the 1930s and 1940s.
Inspired by Robert Owen, he built cottages for the workers on his land.
Quill regarded himself as a Christian Socialist.
He resigned his position in the co-operative movement in 1954.
These societies were defunct by the time of his death in 1960.
In 2021, an article in The Southern Star described Quill as an icon in the Irish co-operative movement.
Shawn Fanning (born November 22, 1980) is a computer programmer, entrepreneur, and angel investor.
Sun God or Solar deity refers to the divine personification of the Sun, a heavenly body in the solar system of the Milky Way.
Power pop is a form of pop rock based on the early music of bands such as the Who, the Beatles, the Beach Boys and the Byrds.
Meitei marriage (Manipuri marriage) () or Meitei wedding (Manipuri wedding) () are the traditions and practices that relate to wedding ceremonies and marriage rituals prevailing within the Meitei culture.
The ceremonies and customs have changed greatly in the past 350 years.
Original traditional Meitei weddings are supposed to be very similar to modern matrimonial practices of the Sanamahists and rural weddings (in Loi villages of Manipur).
Notably, modern day Sanamahist matrimonial practices are in fact, the original true traditional Meitei wedding without the influence of foreign culture.
No matter what religion one follows, the Meiteis are not allowed to marry between the persons of the same salai (clan).
Else, severe punishment or banishment from the society (colony) is the usual result in Meitei culture.
Regarding the cultural diversity of the Meitei ethnicity, there are the adherents of Sanamahism and Hinduism.
In the Meitei Hindu marriage, brides wear potloi instead of phanek.
Besides, many of the sacred chantings are performed in Sanskrit in addition to Classical Manipuri language.
(고스트볼 더블 X) The third season all in part 1 episode 13 and part 2 is episode 13.
, formerly , is a Japanese talent agency, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
The company is involved in various entertainment-related activities, including music, film and merchandise production.
Lynn Ann Conway (born January 2, 1938) is an American computer scientist, electrical engineer, inventor, and transgender activist.
In natural science and signal processing, an artifact or artefact is any error in the perception or the way any information is represented or introduced by the equipment or technique(s).
In computer science, digital artifacts are abnormalities introduced into digital signals because of digital signal processing.
In microscopy, visual artifacts are sometimes introduced when processing samples into slide form.
In medical imaging, artifacts are wrong representations of structure of tissues.
They are made by imaging techniques such as ultrasound, X-ray, CT scan, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).
These artifacts may be caused because of the energy-tissue interaction between ultrasound and air.
Physicians usually learn to recognize some of these artifacts to avoid mistaking them for actual pathology.
Nature-loving Filippini, he wants to communicate the importance of the industrial use of hemp for the protection of the environment.
There are three different works by Filippini that portray the Maglio, and they are the only works that concern industrial and non-agricultural work.
He served on the County Commissioner's Association of Pennsylvania's Energy, Environment, & Land Use Committee as Chairman.
Jim is a former member of the board of directors for Lower Bucks Hospital, a former trustee of Bucks County Community College and a Commonwealth trustee of Temple University.
His political career last for 40 years, beginning in November 1928 and ending in January 1969.
Each participating team had to submit a Eurovision-like song of up to three minutes that had been composed using artificial intelligence (AI).
Human input was allowed, but the more AI was used, the more points the entry would get from the jury.
The entries were also evaluated by the public through online ratings.
The winner was announced that evening.
In February 11, 2005.
Nokia 7610 has pubilc designed is Nokia 7610e and 7610i has fake released, Nokia 7610 in however from Nokia Corporation can pubilc can smillar to Change World Tour and World from Nokia Love has announced on February 15, 2005.
Due to the lack of exact historical datings, the first recorded seven rulers, just before the rulers with dated reigns, were considered to be mythological rather than being historical.
Lord lost his bid for a second term, after losing in the closely fought 1899 primary election campaign against fellow Republican Theodore Thomas Geer.
An attacker is a person or process that attempts to access data, functions, or other restricted areas of the system without authorization.
Malicious intent is assumed.
Holmes was educated at Holy Family Primary School and St Malachy's College, Belfast.
He then studied journalism at the Dublin College of Business Studies.
He had a wife named Gabrielle Holmes (now ex-wife), but they did not fell in love so that's why he had another wife named Ruth Langsford (now Ruth Holmes).
In Sanamahism (Meitei religion), there are four major classes of deities.
These are the Apokpas, the Imung Lais, the Lam Lais and the Umang Lais.
The Meitei Manipuri philosophy or Kanglei Meetei philosophy refers to the philosophical traditions of Ancient Manipur (Ancient Kangleipak).
In 15th century BC, the Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, one of the foremost and the oldest Meitei scriptures based on the antique philosophical traditions, was written in Ancient Manipur.
It is the basis of the ideology of Sanamahism, the primitive Meitei religion.
In early notions, the ideology of the creation myth has strong connection with the shapes and figures of the Meitei numerals and Meitei script letters.
Hum Tum () is a 2004 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie.
It was directed by Kunal Kohli.
It was produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films.
The movie stars Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukherjee.
The special effects were done by Tata Elxsi.
The movie was released on May 28, 2004.
It received positive reviews and was a box office success.
Nankhari is in a mountainous area.
It is also a tourism place.The location co-ordinates of Nankhari are .
The elevation of Nankhari is 2086 m.
The Central Region of Singapore is made up of 22 planning areas, of which 10 forms the Central Area.
Planning areas that are part of the Central Area are italicised.
On 6 May 2021, a conflict began between Palestinian protesters and the Israeli police over a planned Supreme Court of Israel decision about the evictions of Palestinians in Sheikh Jarrah, a neighborhood of East Jerusalem.
It lead Hamas to launch rockets onto Israeli cities.
The clashes injured more than 300 people, mostly Palestinian civilians.
Since 10 May, 62 Palestinians were killed, including fourteen children, and 335 more were wounded.
According to the Israel Defense Forces, at least fifteen of Palestinian casualties were Hamas members, and some were killed by Palestinian rockets.
Israel reported that Palestinian rockets hit homes and a school, killing four Israeli civilians and an Indian citizen who lived in the country and injuring at least 70 Israeli civilians.
tar is often used with GZip to compress the created tarballs, because the tarballs are often quite large.
In 2014, Glenister had a leading role in the Kudos-produced BBC drama, From There to Here, which focuses on the aftermath of the IRA bombing of Manchester in 1996.
The show featured his Life on Mars co-star Liz White as his love interest.
In 2005, Naoki Sato was appointed President of the company.
Originally a producer himself, Nikkatsu's recent array of titles under his leadership includes cutting-edge genre films by Sion Sono and Takashi Miike, and dramatical masterpieces.
They have been highly acclaimed, including numerous Japanese Academy winners and nominees such as Rebirth, Cold Fish and The Devil's Path.
He loves to team up and play pranks on everyone else.
He is also protective of his friends.
Bunny is the smarter cat, and he plays the main role to save others.
More than 4.5 million homes and businesses were left without power, some for several days.
At least 151 people were killed.
The total damage is estimated to be between $100 billion and $200 billion, making it as expensive as Hurricane Harvey and other major disasters.
The Namib, also known as Namibe or Namibië desert is a coastal desert in southern Africa.
According to the broadest definition, the Namib stretches for more than along the Atlantic coasts of Angola, Namibia, and South Africa.
This mode allows you for basic calculations.
This mode allows you for complex calculations.
This mode allows you for calculations in base 2, 8, 10 or 16.
This mode allows you for matrices up to 4x4.
This mode allows you for vector calculations.
This mode allows you for statistics.
This mode allows you for distribution calculations.
This mode allows you for spreadsheets (up to 45 rows, 5 columns).
This mode allows you for listing calculations up to 45 (f(x)) or 30 (f(x) and g(x)) rows.
This mode allows you for simulatmous equations and polynomials.
This mode allows you for inequality polynomials.
DZAB Radyo Pilipino is a radio station owned and operated by Radio Corporation of the Philippines.
A young woman wearing a typical Venetian shawl, she listens to her cobbler, who exposes the desperate condition of her boot.
Antonio Rotta interpreted this messy interior with characteristic details of the Venice of the time.
Isaias Afwerki, His excellency Dictator of Eritrea, refuses to make essential rules to help prevent any more deaths as they cases seem to continue growing.
From March 2021 to January 2022, only 11 deaths from COVID 19 Pandmeic have been confirmed.
David Dhawan (born Rajinder Dhawan; 16 August 1955) is an Indian film director who works in Hindi films.
He is the father of Bollywood actor Varun Dhawan.
He is best known for directing several successful films, including Swarg (1990), Shola Aur Shabnam (1992), Saajan Chale Sasural (1996), Judwaa (1997), Bade Miyan Chote Miyan (1998), Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge (2000), Mujhse Shaadi Karogi (2004), Partner (2007), Chashme Baddoor (2013), Main Tera Hero (2014) and Judwaa 2 (2017).
The 1993 action thriller Aankhen and 1999 comedy Biwi No.1 earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director nominations.
In 1979, the Sandinista Party overthrew Anastasiio Somoza Debayle's dynasty.
The Sandinistas then ruled from 1979 to 1990, and the FSLN took over as the country's sole power-sharing government in March 1981.
Despite implementing a policy of mass education and promoting gender equality, the government came under international scrutiny for human rights abuses and the oppression of indigenous people.
Shama is an Indian television show aired in 11th July 2011 on DD National.
Maritime science fiction is a subgenre of science fiction that is set in a maritime environment such as a lake, an island, an ocean or a coast and usually features futuristic maritime technology and fictional marine life forms such as seamonsters.
Prior to European settlement, the area was inhabited by the Wiradjuri people.
The town is named after Charles Alfred Lee, a Government Minister for Public Works in New South Wales from 1904 to 1910.
The Hydro Hotel was constructed in 1919.
It was built so that the Water Conservation and Irrigation Commission managers had somewhere to stay when in Leeton.
It was only licensed to sell alcohol in 1924, after the alcohol prohibition in the Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area was stopped.
The 2020 Vermont Republican presidential primary was on March 3, 2020, as one of 14 contests planned for Super Tuesday in the Republican Party primaries for the 2020 president election.
Bill Weld's 10% of the vote was his best performance of any state primary.
Stauber has four albums on both his Bandcamp and Spotify.
Stauber uses the Plopscotch Records label to put copyright on his music.
Ronald Reagan announced his candidacy for President of the United States on November 20, 1975.
Wenhu Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei, Taiwan.
Also called the Brown Line, this was the earliest line of the Taipei Metro.
The line connects Taipei Zoo to Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center.
You can transfer to the Tamsui-Xinyi Line at Daan, to the Bannan Line at Zhongxiao Fuxing or Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center station, or to the Songshan-Xindian Line at Nanjing Fuxing.
In the future, transfers to the Circular Line can be made at Taipei Zoo or Jiannan Road station.
Taipei Zoo is a metro and a gondola station in Taipei, Taiwan.
It is a terminal station on the Wenhu Line and the Maokong Gondola.
It will be a future transfer station for the Circular Line in 2029.
The station code of the Wenhu Line station is BR01 and the future station code of the Circular Line station will be Y01.
Affing is a municipality about () Augsburg in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.
Muzha is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR02.
Wanfang Community is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR03.
Wanfang Hospital is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR04.
Xinhai is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR05.
Linguang is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR06.
Liuzhangli is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR07.
Technology Building is a metro station on the Wenhu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is BR08.
The station platforms are above ground level.
Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The platform of Bannan line is underground and the platform of Wenhu line is above ground.
An elevator connect the two lines to each other, which is currently the longest elevator in the Taipei Metro.
The station platforms are above ground level.
Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center on the Wenhu line and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
The station platforms are above ground level.
Platform 1 is for Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center and Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
Laininghan Naoriya Phulo (born 28 August 1888) was a Meitei religious, social and political leader and the founder of the antique Meitei religion revivalist school of Apokpa Marup.
According to Meitei doctrines, he was regarded as a prophet who was born to preserve and revive the suppressed ancient paganism of the Meitei ethnicity.
He is seen as an example for all Meiteis to follow.
He invented a modern script (different from the present Meitei Mayek) to write Meitei language and its numerals taking help from the old script which he discovered from the Shakok Salai Thiren, based on the cosmic evolution of the Meitei mythology.
Jiannan Road is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan.
It is a station on the Wenhu Line, whose station code is BR15.
When Phase 2 of the Circular line has been completed, the station will become a transfer and terminal station for the Circular Line.
The station code of the Circular Line station will be Y32.
Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center is a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan.
It is a terminal station on the Wenhu Line and the Bannan Line.
The station code of the Wenhu Line station is BR24 and the station code of the Circular Line station is BL23.
The platforms of the Wenhu Line are above ground level.
Platform 1 is not in service, because Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center is the terminal station.
Platform 2 is for Taipei Zoo.
Tamsui-Xinyi Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan.
This line is also called the Red Line.
The line connects Xiangshan to Tamsui.
You can transfer to the Wenhu Line at Daan, to the Bannan Line at Taipei Main Station, to the Songshan-Xindian Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall or Zhongshan, or you can transfer to the Zhonghe-Xinlu Line at Dongmen or Minquan West Road.
When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line (Light Green Line) is completed in 2025, passengers will be able to transfer to the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station.
When Phase 2 of the CIrcular Line has been completed, transfers to the Circular Line can be made at Shilin station.
Xiangshan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is R02.
Taipei 101/World Trade Center is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is R03.
Xinyi Anhe is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is R04.
Daan Park is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is R06.
Dongmen is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R07 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O06.
NTU Hospital is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is R09.
The station platforms are located underground.
Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.
The station platforms are located underground.
Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.
Minquan West Road is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of the Tamsui-Xinyi line station is R13 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O11.
The station platforms are located underground.
Platform 1 is for Tamsui or Beitou and Platform 2 is for Xiangshan or Daan.
This is the last underground station on the line to Tamsui.
Yuanshan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R14.
Jiantan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R15.
Shilin is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R16.
Zhishan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R17.
Mingde is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R18.
Shipai is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R19.
Qilian is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R20.
Qiyan is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R21.
Beitou is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R22.
The Xinbeitou branch line connects here and connects to Xinbeitou.
Fuxinggang is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R23.
Zhongyi is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R24.
Guandu is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R25.
Zhuwei is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R26.
The final will be played on 28 May 2022 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis.
A draw was held on 18 March 2022, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the home team for administrative purposes.
Hongshulin is a metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R27.
This station is also the terminal station for the Danhai light rail.
Tamsui is the terminal metro station on the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R28.
Xinbeitou is a metro station on the Xinbeitou branch line of the Tamsui-Xinyi Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is R22A.
Songshan-Xindian Line is a line of the Taipei Metro in Taipei and New Taipei, Taiwan.
This line is also called the Green Line.
The line connects Xindian to Songshan.
You can transfer to the Wenhu Line at Nanjing Fuxing, to the Bannan Line at Ximen, to the Tamsui-Xinyi Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall or Zhongshan, to the Zhonghe-Xinlu Line at Guting or Songjiang Nanjing, or to the Circular Line at Dapinglin station.
When Phase 1 of the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line (Light Green Line) is completed in 2025, passengers will be able to transfer to the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line at Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall metro station.
Xindian is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is G01.
Xindian District Office is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is G02.
Qizhang is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of this station is G03.
The platforms are located underground.
Platform 1 is for Songshan and Platform 2 is for Xindian.
Jingmei is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G05.
Wanlong is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G06.
Gongguan is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G07.
Taipower Building is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G08.
Guting is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Zhonghe-Xinlu Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G09 and the station code of the Zhonghe-Xinlu line station is O05.
Xiaonanmen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G11.
Ximen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line and Bannan Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code of the Songshan-Xindian line station is G12 and the station code of the Bannan line station is BL11.
Beimen is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G13.
Taipei Main Station of the Taoyuan Airport MRT is also accessible from here.
The platforms are located underground.
Platform 3 is for Songshan and Platform 4 is for Xindian.
Taipei Arena is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G17.
Nanjing Sanmin is a metro station on the Songshan-Xindian Line in Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G18.
Songshan is a metro and railway station served by the Songshan-Xindian Line of the Taipei Metro and the Taiwan Railways Administration in Taipei, Taiwan.
The metro station code is G19.
Xiaobitan is a terminal station of the Xiaobitan branch line on the Songshan-Xindian Line in New Taipei, Taiwan.
The station code is G03A.
Mayanglambam is a Meetei family.
It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.
Naorem is a Meetei family.
It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.
Auto Modellista marked itself apart from others of the same genre genre, with cel-shaded graphics, which gave a hand-drawn and cartoon-like appearance.
The gameplay was similiar to Gran Turismo, with the player picking a vehicle, then changing some costumized and race style type.
There are six tracks, such as Suzuka Circuit, and the Mt.
Akagi mountain pass.
After poor initial reception, Capcom modified for the North America releases in 2003 called Auto Modellista: US Tuned (re-released Japanese version).
This version featured American cars, like Dodge Viper, two new oval tracks, various UI improvements and a new handling model, that saw cars move slower and lose more speed turns.
In 1987, she starred in the film Machi nureta onna as Tsuya.
Also, as a voice actress, Akiko voiced in .
In her later years, she also voiced in .
Awarded for significant achievements in the areas of public welfare and public service by the Government of Japan in 1993.
In May 2018, CONCACAF announced the fifteen venues in the United States that would host matches.
Soldier Field in Chicago was announced on 27 September 2018 as the venue of the final.
On 26 November 2018, CONCACAF announced that Costa Rica would host a double-header in the first round of matches of Group B on 16 June 2019, taking place at the Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica in San José.
Catherine Roseanne Cathy Dennis (born 25 March 1969) is a British singer-songwriter and record producer.
She was born in Norfolk, Norwich, England.
She had a moderately successful international singing career.
Dennis later had great success as a writer of pop songs.
She had eight number ones in the United Kingdom.
She won five Ivor Novello Awards.
BLM LLP is an insurance and dispute resolution law firm based in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
It was rebranded from Berrymans Lace Mawer following the merger with HBM Sayers in May 2014.
BLM provides legal services in 50 areas of law, grouped into eleven key market sectors: brokers, construction and property, general insurance, healthcare, leisure and hospitality, Lloyds and London market, manufacturing, public sector, retail, TMT and transport and logistics.
Toonz Animation also produces the popular cricket based 2D animated teleseries Howzzattt.
The Ougri Hangen or the Ougri Hangken, also known as the Leiroi Nongloi Esei, is a Meitei cultural ritual song with various appellations of the sun and the mythology of creation.
It is often sung in the conclusion of the Lai Haraoba festival.
Its theme is closely associated with the creation myth of the earth itself.
It is also regarded as the song of thanksgiving to the Almighty God.
It is always sung in the chorus formed by the male singers with the maiba as the precentor and is strongly enjoined that the chains of the singers forming a circle should never be snapped.
It is also known for its incantatory power, for with the alteration of a few lines, it is believed to have been able to cause either prosperity or destruction of the kingdom and the people.
Many rulers performed by themselves the rites of singing it with an accompanying dance on the occasion of their conquests or coronation.
According to the manuscript Laisra Pham, a treatise on administration and social conduct, Ougri is refered to as sung at the coronation of Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa in 33 AD.
The Naothingkhong Phambal Kaba mentions it as being taught by the sage Luwawg king to the Meitei prince as a part of the Meitei lore, which according to the chronicle Cheitharol Kumbaba, took place just prior to 663 AD.
In some cases, it is also refered to as the actual war songs of the Meitei people.
Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant currently under decommissioning near the city of Pripyat in the Kyiv region, which operated from 1977 to 2000.
Commemorative coins of the Croatian kuna have been issued since 1994.
In 1847, Erskine married Emily Georgina Reid, daughter of Lestock Reid.
Erksine's new father-in-law was acting as the governor of Bombay at that time.
Telefe (acronym for Televisión Federal) is a television station located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The station is owned and operated by Paramount Global through Televisión Federal S.A.
Telefe is also one of Argentina's six national television networks.
Its studios are located on Martínez, Buenos Aires, adjacent to the corporate headquarters; its transmitter is located at the Alas Building.
Telefe Internacional is the international signal of Argentina's channel Telefe.
It broadcasts television programs produced by Telefe, mostly consisting of telenovelas, series, comedies, teen and children's series, etc.
It is available in Asia, America, Brazil, Europe, Canada, Oceania, Israel and Africa.
In Latin America, it has been available on DirecTV since 2007.
It is available in Colombia, Peru and Venezuela through Movistar TV, and in Mexico through Totalplay and Axtel TV, plus a handful cable and satellite operators.
An HD simulcast is available on VTR in Chile and Movistar TV.
In Spain, Telefe International is available in Movistar TV.
In Israel, Hot has the signal since 2008, for the Hispanic community.
In Denmark, where the series' original production companies are located, it premiered on Nickelodeon.
It airs on various Nickelodeon networks internationally and on Cartoon Network in the United States, United Kingdom and Poland.
In Latin America, the series is broadcast on Disney XD Latin America.
In Canada, the series is broadcast on Teletoon and YTV.
Hinduism mostly the Ekasarna sect of Vaishnavism is the dominant faith of the region since it's formation from 15th-16th century in Brahmaputra valley, Assam.
Assamese people convert to Hinduism (Vaishnava sect) through several centuries ago, as during the time of Mahabharata Lord Krishna himself have visited the land of Assam many times and preach bhakti and Dharma to the locals through devotion.
Iskon missionaries are active through various parts of Assam.
Hossein Omidi (born 1984) is an Iranian actor.
Their Ancestors are said once was the Thracians.
R.O.S.E.
is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J.
It was released by Republic Records in four parts, starting on 22 May 2018, and finishing on 25 May 2018, with a part being released on each day.
The four parts released are R (Realisations), O (Obsessions), S (Sex) and E (Empowerment).
Jessie co-wrote the album and worked with producers such as DJ Camper and Kuk Harrell.
In 1977, Ehman was working at the SETI project as a volunteer; his job involved going through large amounts of data processed by a computer and recorded on paper.
While looking at the data collected on August 15 at 22:16 EDT (02:16 UTC), he noticed a series of values showing signal strength and frequency that left him and others amazed.
The Wow!signal was a narrowband emission: meaning its bandwidth was less than kHz.
The Big Ear telescope was able to measure fifty kHz-wide channels.
The output from each channel was represented in the computer printout as a a different column with the number or letters printed on it representing the strength of the signal at that range.
The Wow!signal is only in one column.
Ehman and other astronomers have tried to hear the signal again and identify it.
The signal was expected to occur three minutes apart in each of the telescope's feed horns, but that did not happen.
Ehman searched for a second occurence of the signal using Big Ear in the months after the detection, but it was never heard again.
Bharatnatyam is a solo dance with two aspects Lasya, the graceful and feminine aspects associated with Goddess Parvati and Tandava , the masculine and rigorous aspects associated with Lord Shiva.
Esma Redžepova (born August 8, 1943 - December 11, 2016), in Skopje, was a singer from North Macedonia who belonged to the Muslim Romani people.
She sang folk songs in Romani language, Turkish and Macedonian language.
Bev joined a traveling tent show when he was 17 years old.
He wrote a book about his adventures.
It was called Willard the Wizard.
The Smithsonian chose the book for their tribute to American Tent Theatre in 1983.
Bergeron has writen several other booka.
His written material has been seen with Red Skelton, Lucille Ball, Merv Griffin, Jackie Gleason and Roy Rogers.
It has been used on The Greatest Show on Earth (TV); Disney theme parks, SeaWorld of Florida, Six Flags of St.
Louis and many other places.
We've taken them down and passed them around; now we're drunk and passed out!
If that one bottle should happen to fall, what a waste of alcohol!
There's nothing else to fall, because there's no more bottles of beer on the wall.
Sometimes, the song does not stop when there are 1 or no bottles of beer left.
In this case, the song keeps going with -1, -2, -3, and so on bottles of beer.
The Meiteism or the Meeteism is a term used to describe the original animistic religious belief system of the Meitei ethnicity in particular.
It refers to the pre-Hindu faith of the Meitei ethnic group.
It incorporates various teachings from the Meitei scriptures.
Meiteism is a large facet of the collective synthesis of believes known as Sanamahism.
Though Meiteism is treated as another name of Sanamahism, the later term has wider coverage of the traditional beliefs and practices of the hill tribesman communities also.
The term was used during the Meitei revivalism movement to promote the ethnic religion of the Meitei people explicitly.
The film was released by Toho (with commentary by film critic Sadao Yamane) and was made into a DVD in 2007.
During the Russo-Ukrainian War the city town hall was taken over by pro-Russian separatists on 13 April 2014.
Makiivka is still (as of 2023's first quarter) under the control of Donetsk People's Republic.
A Maiba or an Amaiba (literally, priest) is a male religious leader authorised to perform the sacred rites and rituals of Sanamahism (Meitei religion), especially as a mediatory agent between human beings and one or more deities.
They have the authority or power to administer religious rites as well as sacrifices to gods.
Their office or institution is called Maiba Loishang (Maiba Loisang), later renamed as Pandit Loisang, during Aryanisation of Meitei culture.
They also served as healers, doctors, magicians, medicine men, physicians and shamans.
They play important roles in the ancestor worship (apokpa khurumjaba) ceremony.
Chief priest or chief among the maibas is called Maichou, a term formed with the amalgamation of two words (maiba- priest, achouba- big, chief, great).
A Maibi or an Amaibi is a female priestess or a nun who uphold the sacred rites and rituals of Sanamahism (Meitei religion).
Their lives and duties encompass a wide range of activities to the spiritual life of the Meitei ethnicity.
They play significant role in the Lai Haraoba festival to please the Umang Lais and the Lam Lais.
The San Miguel del Ene attack was a massacre on 23 May 2021 in which 18 people were killed.
The mass shooting happened in San Miguel del Ene, a rural area in the Vizcatán del Ene District of Satipo Province of Peru.
It was allegedly done by the Militarized Communist Party of Peru (MPCP) ─ Sendero Luminoso.
The attack was a response to the group's protest of the upcoming general election and conservative candidate Keiko Fujimori.
On the attack, 16 people were killed.
The attack's main objective was to attack the LGBT community.
On 7 September, about 80,000 protesters gathered outside Bisho, signalling the wide opposition to Gqozo's rule.
The meeting was led by senior ANC leaders including South African Communist Party Secretary General Chris Hani, Cyril Ramaphosa, Steve Tshwete and Ronnie Kasrils.
On 8 September 1992, a day after the massacre, the ANC released a statement demanding that Oupa Gqozo be removed as the leader of Ciskei, Section 43 of the Ciskei National Security Act which prevented political activity in Ciskei be revoked and South African Military Intelligence officials be removed from Ciskei.
A granite monument was erected on the site of the massacre, outside Independence Stadium, off Maitland Road between Bhisho and King William's Town.
It was unveiled by Archbishop Desmond Tutu in 1997.
The victims were buried in Ginsberg township outside King William's Town.
Before the stadium announcements were made, Dunedin City council suggested in January 2013, that it would not bid to host matches at Forsyth Barr Stadium (also known as Otago Stadium) unless the costs (an estimated $1m) could be lowered.
The stadium hosted seven matches there, the last of which being a Round of 16 game.
There are four common explanations.
First, it is thought that some men become bugchasers because they fear HIV infection, which had previously changed how they have sex.
This can include things like men abstaining from sex entirely, only having sex with one person, or using sexual protection like condoms.
Second, some men think having HIV is sexy.
This means it can feel good to think about it, or that it is the ultimate taboo to overcome.
Third, bugchasers might think having HIV makes them part of a group.
Resistance to diversity casting was expressed by 'Time Out ' magazine with regard to 'Mother Courage', the casting only inspires a whole host of irreverent questions: what on earth, say, is an American sergeant doing in seventeenth century Europe?And how did a Pakistani chaplain get into the Swedish army?
The Pakistani actor referred to was the Asian Parsi actor Renu Setna.
The Financial Times questioned 'Liolà'`s multi-national casting do we really need this peculiar medley of Italian accents for the English premiere?The problem is compounded by the commitment ...
to a multi-national cast ...
English, German, Sicilian, and Italian actors produce widely differing versions of the Latin lilt.
In addition to host nation Turkey, 23 nations qualified from six separate continental competitions.
As the CAF U-20 Championship was not completed at the time of the draw, a separate draw took place at the tournament's conclusion on 30 March in Oran, Algeria to determine the groups where the second, third and fourth-placed CAF teams would play in.
The 23 referee trios were announced by FIFA on 13 May 2013.
In addition to host nation Colombia, 23 nations qualified from six separate continental competitions.
Teams were allocated to groups on the basis of geographical spread.
Teams were placed in four pots, and one team was drawn from each pot for each group.
Pot 1 contained the five African teams plus one from CONMEBOL; Pot 2 contained the remaining teams from the Americas excluding one CONCACAF team; Pot 3 consisted of teams from Asia and Oceania plus the remaining CONCACAF team; Pot 4 consisted of teams from the European confederation.
The Black Seminoles or Afro-Seminoles are black Indians associated with the Seminole people in Florida and Oklahoma.
They are mostly blood descendants of the Seminole people, free blacks and of escaped slaves (called maroons) who allied with Seminole groups in Spanish Florida.
Many have Seminole lineage, but due to the stigma of having dark skin, they all have been categorized as slaves or freedmen.
Historically, the Black Seminoles lived mostly in distinct bands near the Native American Seminole.
Some were held as slaves, particularly of Seminole leaders, but the Black Seminole had more freedom than did slaves held by whites in the South and by other Native American tribes, including the right to bear arms.
The music style for the franchise was created by composer Mark Griskey.
Mark worked with Audio Director Yoan Fanise to define the comedic style of the early games and the style was continued with the further versions of the franchise.
In October 2010, Ubisoft and Aardman announced a partnership to produce a TV series pilot and several shorts based on the franchise.
One year later, it was announced that 78 7-minute CG animated episodes would be made solely by Ubisoft Motion Pictures, and broadcast as 26 half-hour episodes by Nickelodeon on August 3, 2013.
In early 2012, Ubisoft Motion Pictures called on the French animation studio TeamTO to create most of the CGI parts of the series.
Many of the units of volume are cubes.
For example, a cubic meter means the volume equal to the volume of a cuboid which is one meter tall, one meter wide, and one meter deep.
The number of British Pakistanis has grown from about 10,000 in 1951 to over 1.1 million in 2011.
Most live in England, with some in Scotland and smaller numbers in Wales and Northern Ireland.
The most diverse group of Pakistani people is in London and has Punjabis, Mirpuri Kashmiris, Pashtuns, Sindhis, Muhajirs, Saraikis, Baloch and others.
Most British Pakistanis are Muslim; around 90 percent of those living in England and Wales at the time of the 2011 census said that their religion was Islam.
Most are Sunni Muslims, but there are also many Shia Muslims.
The UK also has one of the largest overseas Christian Pakistani communities; the 2011 census recorded around 17,000 Christian Pakistanis living in England and Wales, which was 1.52 percent of the Pakistanis there.
On 7 July, Tanweer, Khan, Hussain, and Lindsay are believed to have picked up the bombs from a house in the Leeds, hiding them in their rucksacks, then to have driven to Luton, Bedfordshire in the red Nissan, which he left parked in Luton railway station car park.
Law enforcement authorities shot and killed Winston Boogie Smith, an armed 32-year-old black American man, in the Uptown area of Minneapolis at 2:08 p.m.
CDT on June 3, 2021.
Smith was being pursued by a special U.S.
Marshall's Service task force that apprehends wanted fugitives.
The arrest operation had the participation of several local police agencies in the U.S.
state of Minnesota, but was not assisted by the Minneapolis Police Department.
Smith had been convicted previously of aggravated robbery and sentenced to a 48-month prison term, but was released on parole instead of serving more time in jail.
He also had a felony conviction in Ramsey County for firearm possession and missed a May 19 sentencing hearing that could have resulted in prison time.
Smith was a local musician who went by the nickname Wince Me Boi.
Years prior to the June 3 incident, he had boasted on social media posts that he would shoot police officers and not surrender, which drew controversy in the aftermath of the June 3 shooting.
Smith had successfully fled in his car from Bloomington, Minnesota, police in who attempted to arrest him in 2020 on several warrants, and was facing a September 2021 hearing related to the high-speed chase from that incident.
Local organization Communities United Against Police Brutality held a rally near the shooting site on June 4 to call for officials to release video footage and other details of the shooting.
As it was a federal investigation, the U.S.
Marshall's Services prohibited law enforcement authorities who responded from using body or squad cameras.
During the afternoon, protesters briefly blocked the intersection of Hennepin Avenue and West Lake Street.
Minneapolis police later reopened the intersection by removing objects that had been placed as barricades and slashing the tires of vehicles blocking the street that were later towed away.
Family and friends of Smith held a peaceful vigil in the evening near where he was killed.
Ningthou Kangba (; 1405 BC-1359 BC) was a king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom.
He invented Sagol Kangjei, the earliest form of the modern day polo sports.
Luwang Ningthou Punshiba, shortly known as Luwang Punshiba (), is a king of the Luwang dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) civilization.
He is best known for his long life and outstanding wisdom in Manipuri folklore and history of Manipur.
According to the Hijan Hirao and the Hirol, he is the originator of the Hiyang Tannaba (boat race) with the invention of the Hiyang Hiren (traditional boat).
Some historians opined that Luwang Ningthou Punshiba is the fourth descendant of Poireiton and he has nine wives.
Maliyapham Palcha (1359 BC-1329 BC), also known as Mari Ya Phambal Cha or Koi Koi, is a king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) kingdom.
He is the successor and one of the nine sons of King Ningthou Kangba (1405 BC-1359 BC) as evident in the Ningthou Kangbalon.
Tangja Leela Pakhangba () (1445 BC-1405 BC) is the first king of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) civilization.
He is the father of King Ningthou Kangba (1405 BC-1359 BC) and the grandfather of King Maliyapham Palcha (Koi Koi) (1359 BC-1329 BC).
He is the consort of Queen Sinbee Leima, the daughter of the chief of the Leihou tribe.
The Bank of Ghana is the central bank of Ghana, in Accra.
The Central Bank was formed in 1957.
The Bank of Ghana was established on March 4, 1957, which began operations on August 1 of the same year.
Official announcements began in the late-1990s.
People started building the first rail for Luas in 1999.
Whore didn't have much support from movie studios.
The movie was distributed and produced under the American home video company Trimark Pictures.
He registered for the presidential election held on 19 May 2017, losing against Hassan Rouhani.
He ran again for the presidency in 2021 and won the election in a landslide victory.
Android app support: This feature enables users to install Android apps from the Amazon Appstore onto their Windows 11 device.
Luca is a 2021 American computer-animated comedy movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation Studios.
It is directed by Enrico Casarosa.
Dave Arneson (December 1 1955 - April 2009) was the co-author, with Gary Gygax, of the original 1970s role playing game Dungeons & Dragons and an important figure in the history of role playing games.
Arneson's Blackmoor, published by Tactical Studies Rules (TSR), was one of the first published role playing game campaign settings and has the distinction of being the longest continuously played fantasy role playing campaign at 25 years and counting.
The district headquarters is Chhatrapur.
Ganjam is divided into three sub-divisions: Chhatrapur, Berhampur, and Bhanjanagar.
Kifefe was born and raised in Rwakabengo, Uganda, on 22 April 1956.
He went to Kinyasano Primary School and Mbarara Junior School for his Primary school education.
He later joined Kampala's Kitante High School for his Ordinary Levels and then Kigezi High School in Kabale District for his Advanced Level education.
Daily meals are usually simple, geared to balance nutrition and makes extensive use of vegetables.
The courses progress broadly from lighter to richer and heavier and goes through various tastes and taste cleansers.
Rice remains common throughout the meal and is the main constituent of the meal, until the chaţni (chutney) course.
It was during his era that the time measuring device (pung/poong) and a traditional drum (a musical instrument) (pung/poong) were invented in the kingdom for the first time.
Various experments were carried out for the perfection of the traditional drum.
At first, deer skin was used, secondly, tiger skin and thirdly, cow skin was used in making the drum.
The Chinglon Laaihui accounts for his expedition to find out metal ores, especially gold and silver ores in the kingdom.
Indian Pariah dogs make for loving family pets and are great with kids and adults.
They are high on energy and complement kids with an active lifestyle.
Indian pariah dogs are one of the oldest dog breeds in existence today.
Although the S&P 500 includes only companies that are available to be sold in stocks in the United States, companies in the S&P 500 on average only get 72% of their money from the United States.
It is associated with many ticker symbols, including: ^GSPC, INX, and $SPX, but this changes by market or website.
The index value is updated every 15 seconds, or 1,559 times per trading day, with price updates updated with help from Reuters.
Janeshwar Mishra Park is an urban park in Lucknow, India.
The largest public park in the country.
Ajmer Sharif Dargah, Ajmer Dargah, Ajmer Sharif or Dargah Sharif is a Sufi shrine (dargah) of the revered Sufi saint, Moinuddin Chishti, located at Ajmer, Rajasthan, India.
The shrine has Chishti's grave (Maqbara).
In the present day, the tomb of Moinuiddin Chishti continues to be one of the most popular sites of religious visitation for Sunni Muslims in the Indian subcontinent, with over hundreds of thousands of people from all over the Indian sub-continent assembling there on the occasion of [the saint's] ʿUrs or death anniversary.
Additionally, the site also attracts many Hindus, who have also venerated the Islamic saint since the medieval period.
Esperanto's grammar (rules of language) is meant to be simple.
The rules in Esperanto never change and can always be applied in the same way.
Caduta di lago con scultura shows Garau's focus on water.
West Yorkshire Police was made in 1974, when part of the West Yorkshire Constabulary (itself created in 1968, and being responsible for a much larger area) was joined with the Leeds City Police and Bradford City Police, under the Local Government Act 1972.
The force was originally known as the West Yorkshire Metropolitan Police.
Some older signs around the Force area, such as the one near the Millgarth Police Station in Leeds city centre, read 'West Yorkshire Metropolitan Police'.
The 'Metropolitan' from the police title was removed in 1986 when the Metropolitan counties were ended.
Pac-Mania is an isometric maze arcade game that was developed and released by Namco in 1987.
With procedural syntax.
The game was shut down on October, 8, 2023.
Vasca Votiva, or Noceto Vasca Votiva, is an archaeological feature in northern Italy.
The archaeologists studying this feature think it is a votive or sacred tank.
After the British Army surrendered at the Battle of Yorktown, Benedict Arnold and Peggy moved to London.
The king and queen liked Peggy.
King George III gave her £350 for helping the army and Queen Charlotte gave her a yearly payment of £100.
International Exhibition of Nothing is an exhibition invented in 1960 by a group of artists including Piero Manzoni, Enrico Castellani, Carl Laszlo, Heinz Mack, in which an exhibition of invisible works was represented, the exhibition will then be exhibited again a year later in the Netherlands.
Monica Evans (born 7 June 1940) is an English actress known for her portrayal of Cecily Pigeon in Neil Simon's The Odd Couple.
She was in the original Broadway cast for its entire run, then appeared in the film version in 1968, and finally appeared in some episodes of the first season of the television series based on the play, all in the same role, alongside Carole Shelley as her sister Gwendolyn Pigeon.
She also provided voices for the Disney animated films The Aristocats, as Abigail Gabble (the Goose) (alongside Shelley as Amelia Gabble) and Robin Hood (1973) as Maid Marian (again alongside Shelley as her handmaiden, Lady Kluck).
After becoming a Wikipedia editor in 2004, Engelhart became interested in developing offline versions of Wikipedia.
A , initiated in 2003, was a trigger for the project.
The software is designed as an offline reader for a web content.
It can be used on computers without an internet connection, computers with a slow or expensive connection, or to avoid censorship.
It can also be used while travelling (e.g.
on a passenger plane or a train).
Users first download Kiwix.
Then they download content for offline viewing with Kiwix.
Compression saves disk space and bandwidth.
All of English-language Wikipedia, with pictures, fits on a large USB stick or external media (82 GB as of march 2021, or 43 GB with no pictures).
Research on animals has given some indication that phenylpiracetam may have anti-amnesic, antidepressant, anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, and memory enhancement effects.
H-Net Humanities and Social Sciences Online is an international interdisciplinary organization of scholars and teachers dedicated to developing the educational potential of the Internet and the World Wide Web.
It has become an “International, interdisciplinary network of scholars communicating and sharing resources through different interactive media.
It is made up of nearly 200 discipline-specific networks.
Leonardo painted The Virgin of the Rocks, now in the Louvre Museum in the Laorca cave of Lecco.
In Lecco he drew the map of the city and the real Salvador Mundi known as the Portrait of Lecco.
The Mona Lisa has the exact contours of the promontory of Bellagio seen from the top of the Monti di Lierna.
The Mona Lisa symbol of union between opposites is represented as the union of the two branches of the lake in the most iconic place of all of Lake Como, the tip of Bellagio, creating the most romantic place in the world.
Leonardo uses the incredible shape of Lake Como to draw hands.
The parallels between Alessandro Manzoni and Leonardo da Vinci are numerous and it seems that their families knew each other.
All of Leonardo da Vinci's paintings, except one, have a homage to Lake Como as he wrote in his Atlantic code of fantastic things.
The cave is also known as Ferrera.
Visitors can see inside the traces of the past activities of extraction of iron hydroxides.
The presence of water courses in the side tunnels and of some large springs under the cave means an underground circulation of water.
This is currently unexplored.
The Roman Empire and Byzantine Empire affected bathing in the Middle East.
The Middle Eastern hammam bath is like a Roman bath: A place to get clean and to talk to other people.
In the 600s and 700s c.e., the Umayyad caliphs built baths with mosaic decorations on the floors.
In the Medieval period, there were many baths, called hammam in the Middle East.
Baghdad may have had 60,000 bathhouses.
Unlike in Roman baths, men and women did not bathe together.
There were different places for men and women.
The Fiumelatte Cave is a cave in the municipality of Fiumlatte near Lierna Lake Como in the Center Lake area, for a long time by Leonardo da Vinci, while staying in Lierna, and mentioned in his Code Atlantic.
In the 1600s the sons of the high nobility had to visit it as part of the Grand Tour to form their culture.
Their skeleton looks like they were strepsirrhines (members of the group including the living lemurs, lorises, and bushbabies).
Nicole Oliver (born February 22, 1970) is a Canadian voice actress.
She best known for her role as Zoe Trent in Littlest Pet Shop.
AMGTV is an American family-oriented television network featuring television programming consisting of drama, sports, movies, entertainment, how-to, hunting and fishing, children's shows, and other features, much of it repackaged from off-network and first-run syndication.
The network is owned by the American company Access Media Group.
YTA TV (an initialism for its former full name, Youtoo America; commonly referred to as just YTA) is an American television network which originally launched in February 1985 as a cable channel.
Unusual for a network of its type, it has had multiple identities, programming directions, and brandings, along with owners, and after merging with the minor broadcast network America One in 2014, also began to air on free over-the-air television.
It is owned by Center Post Media, which also owns Biz Television.
It is also on the streaming app Roku.
The United States embargo against Cuba is a trade embargo.
It is the longest enduring trade embargo in modern history.
The United States first imposed an embargo on the sale of arms to Cuba on March 14, 1958, during the Fulgencio Batista regime.
Again on October 19, 1960 (almost two years after the Cuban Revolution had led to the deposition of the Batista regime) the U.S.
placed an embargo on exports to Cuba except for food and medicine.
This was because Cuba nationalized American-owned Cuban oil refineries without compensation.
On February 7, 1962 the embargo was extended to include almost all exports.
Since the year 2000, the embargo no longer prohibits the trade of food and humanitarian supplies.
Viviana Sofronitsky is a Russian and Canadian classical pianist.
She was born in Russia.
Her father was Russian-Soviet pianist Vladimir Sofronitsky.
Sofronitsky studied at the Central Music School in Moscow and obtained her doctor degree at the Moscow Conservatory.
The mosque has a large gray dome.
In addition, the floor is covered with white tiles and pillars are covered with marble.
On the third floor of the mosque there are domes and in other places there are several lighted chandeliers.
There are two minarets high on either side.
The mosque is surrounded by white pillars, high windows, white tiles and green grass in the courtyard.
New versions of the vaccines are developed twice a year, as the influenza virus rapidly changes.
While their effectiveness varies from year to year, most provide modest to high protection against influenza.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that vaccination against influenza reduces sickness, medical visits, hospitalizations, and deaths.
Immunized workers who do catch the flu return to work half a day sooner on average.
Vaccine effectiveness in those over 65 years old remains uncertain due to a lack of high-quality research.
Vaccinating children may protect those around them.
Vaccination against influenza began in the 1930s.
It started with large-scale availability in the United States since 1945.
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
Cawdor is a town in Highlands, Scotland.
Sanos (Macedonian: Санос) is a company from Skopje, North Macedonia.
It produces buses and special transport cars.
The Gadsden Purchase was a area of land sold by Mexico to the United States in 1854.
It is now part of Arizona and New Mexico, south of the Gila River and west of the Rio Grande.
Its size was .
The United States paid Mexico 10,000,000 dollars, which is worth 230,000,000 dollars in 2019 money.
This trade was officially called the Treaty of Mesilla.
After 1848, Mexico and the United States did not agree where the border was.
Both countries claimed the Mesilla Valley as part of their own country.
Businessmen from the southern states wanted to build a new transcontinental railroad that would cross the southern part of the country.
They wanted the railroad to go through the Mesilla Valley.
Jefferson Davis, who at that time was the US Secretary of War, supported that idea.
James Gadsden was sent to buy the land from Mexico.
He wanted to buy much more land, including Tamaulipas, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon, and parts of Chihuahua and Sonora, but the Mexican president, Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, did not want to sell it to him.
Suffragist and abolitionist Matilda Joslyn Gage (1826–98) was the first person to write about this effect.
She wrote an essay, Woman as Inventor.
It was first published as a tract in 1870 and in the North American Review in 1883.
The term Matilda effect was started in 1993 by science historian Margaret W.
Rossiter.
Rossiter wrote about several times the Matilda effect had happened in real life.
Trotula (Trota of Salerno), a 12th-century Italian woman physician, wrote books which, after her death, were rewritten with male authors' names on them.
Nineteenth- and twentieth-century cases of the Matilda effect include those of Nettie Stevens, Lise Meitner, Marietta Blau, Rosalind Franklin, and Jocelyn Bell Burnell.
Cell is among the most powerful antagonists of the original manga.
Possessing the genetic material of the some of the world's strongest fighters, he is a master martial artist with superhuman strength, endurance, and speed.
He can fly, create energy beams and forcefields using his ki, a form of energy derived from his own life force, and with his stinging tail, he can absorb others, either stabbing them with the tail to dissolve them[54] or engulfing them within it to consume them.
It is by absorbing others that he increases his own power.
In 1984 the first Havana Biennial was held.
(There have been biennials as late as 2015 and 2019, and the one in 2021 was boycotted by hundreds of artists [and many foreign spectators].
In 2018, his election management strategies bought victory to Raghu Sharma in the Ajmer By-Election.
He was rewarded with a big post and was appointed as the Secretary Of Rajasthan Youth Congress.
Samrat Prithviraj Chauhan Government College, Ajmer is a college in Ajmer city of Rajasthan state in India.
There are two versions of the language, Eastern Ditammari and Western Ditammari.
Western Ditammari is also called Tamberma or Taberma.
The tones are indicated using the acute accent (high tone) and grave accent (low tone) on the vowel: < á é ɛ́ í ó ɔ́ ú à è ɛ̀ ì ò ɔ̀ ù > or the nasal consonant: < ḿ ń m̀ ǹ >.
The following airlines operate regular flights at the airport.
The Pakistan Highflyer or the Pakistani Tippler Pigeon is a breed of high endurance pigeon developed endemically in Pakistan.
Pakistani Highflyers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock dove (Columba livia).
It is considered as the “National pigeon of Pakistan respectively.
This breed is created to perform at a very high altitude in soaring heat upto 50 degrees, flights of 14-18 hrs.
Prithviraj Prith Banerjee (born 1960) is an Indian American academic and computer scientist.
He is the Chief Technology Officer at ANSYS and board member at Cray and CUBIC.
He was a Senior Client Partner at Korn Ferry.
Before that he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Schneider Electric.
He was formerly He has also worked for Hewlett Packard and was the director of HP Labs.
Previously he was the Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of ABB Group.
Banerjee has been the managing director of Global Technology R&D at Accenture.
On 2 July 2020, Dr.
Tony Holohan stepped down from his Chief Medical Officer role to care for his wife, Ronan Glynn became the Acting Chief Medical Officer until 5 October 2020.
Mizulina is against homosexuality and LGBT rights.
She is the author for some legislative projects that are directed against the propaganda of homosexuality.
They include the Russian gay propaganda law.
She believes the phrase gays are people too should be marked as extremist by the Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Rights Protection and Human Welfare.
Mizulina was also in favor of taking children from gay parents, even biological parents.
Honey Bunny In Crazy Crazy Chase is a 2019 Indian animated action-comedy movie, based on Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal.
The movie is inspired by Home Alone.
It is also the first and only movie of the Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal movie series to be distributed by PVR Cinemas as well as Sony Pictures Networks.
The hallmark of a shipwreck due to poor design is the capsize of Swedish warship Wasa in Stockholm harbour 1628.
She was too narrow, had too little ballast and her lower cannon deck had too low free-board for good seaworthiness.
Poor design allowed the ferry MS Herald of Free Enterprise to put to sea with open roll-on/roll-off bow doors, with tragic consequences.
Lock Haven is the county seat in Clinton County, Pennsylvania.
It started as a town in 1833.
It was declared a city in 1870.
As of 2020, there were 8,108 people living in the city.
Taothingmang was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
He is a son and the successor of Emperor Khuyoi Tompok.
Iznasen Berber or Taznast (Berber : ⵜⴰⵣⵏⴰⵙⵙⵜ, Arabic : الزناتية زناسنية) is the original dialect of the At Iznasen, an Arabized berber tribe, established in the extreme north-east of Morocco in Berkane province, the north of Oujda province and the north of Taourirt province, before the border between Algeria and Morocco.
Clyde Lorrain Cowan Jr (December 6, 1919 – May 24, 1974) was an American physicist.
He was the co-discoverer of the neutrino along with Frederick Reines.
The discovery was made in 1956 in the neutrino experiment.
Horst Ludwig Störmer (born April 6, 1949) is a German physicist.
He is a emeritus professor at Columbia University.
A.
Unless otherwise noted, independence was gained from the United Kingdom on the date (shown in column 2) of joining the Commonwealth.
B.
Not a member of the Commonwealth Foundation.
C.
Though Pakistan celebrates 14 August 1947 as its independence day, independence was officially granted at midnight, 15 August 1947.
Therefore, its date of joining the Commonwealth would be 15 August 1947.
D.
Geopolitically part of Europe, but geographically part of Asia.
The Teatro Massimo Vittorio Emanuele is an opera house and opera company located on the Piazza Verdi in Palermo, Sicily.
It was dedicated to King Victor Emanuel II.
In the Vedic religion, Ṛta (/ˈrɪtə/; Sanskrit ऋत ṛta order, rule; truth) is the principle of natural order which regulates and coordinates the operation of the universe and everything within it.
In the hymns of the Vedas, Ṛta is described as that, which is ultimately responsible for the proper functioning of the natural, moral and sacrificial orders.
Conceptually, it is closely allied to the injunctions and ordinances thought to uphold it, collectively referred to as Dharma, and the action of the individual in relation to those ordinances, referred to as Karma – two terms which eventually eclipsed Ṛta in importance as signifying natural, religious and moral order in later Hinduism.
Sanskrit scholar Maurice Bloomfield referred to Ṛta as one of the most important religious conceptions of the Rigveda, going on to note that, from the point of view of the history of religious ideas we may, in fact we must, begin the history of Hindu religion at least with the history of this conception.
its Avestan equivalent (Asha Truth) properly joined, right, true, from a presumed root *.
The derivative noun ṛta is defined as fixed or settled order, rule, divine law or truth.
At 21:00, JFK airport was experiencing light drizzle with fog.
The landing gear was put out at 21:19.
The first officer then told the pilot that the plane was below the glideslope, a way to measure the rate a plane is going down while landing.
The plane then went above and below the correct glideslope.
The plane experienced a wind shear and the pilots made a missed approach.
Meidingu Naokhamba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
He is the successor of Kaokhangba and the predecessor of Naophangba.
During his reign, Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China.
Besides the Cheitharol Kumbaba and the Ningthourol Lambuba, he is also mentioned in the Chengleiron.
The seven teams were divided into two groups (one group of 4 teams and one group of 3 teams).
The first two in each group advance to the semi-finals.
This small village is in the Franconian Heights about 28 km west of Nuremberg, 14 km north east of Ansbach and 38 km east of Rothenburg o.d.
Tauber.
The current mayor, Heinz Henninger has been in power since 1984.
Dietenhofen has a recently renovated indoor swimming pool and a sports hall.
There are also some playing fields.
Meidingu Naophangba () was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
He is the successor of Naokhamba and the predecessor of Sameiraang.
He promulgated a proto-Constitution in 429 AD, which later grew into the Loyumba Shinyen, a written constitution in 1100 AD, during the reign of King Loyumba.
He is one of the most outstanding figures in the history of Meitei architecture of Ancient Manipur.
He laid the foundation stone of the Kangla, the Namthak Sarongpung, which is the holiest place to the Manipuri ethnicity.
During his reign, the coronation hall in the Kangla was inaugurated and a hog was sacrificed.
Lehrberg is a market town in the district of Ansbach, Mittelfranken, Bavaria, Germany.
Kum ba yah (Come by Here) is an African American spiritual song of unknown origin, but is known to be sung by the Gullah people of the islands off South Carolina and Georgia, who are descendants of former slaves from West Africa.
The song is thought to have spread from the islands to other Southern U.S.
states and to Northern U.S.
states, as well as other places in the world.
The first known recording, of someone known only as H.
Wylie, who sang in the Gullah dialect, was recorded by the folk music enthusiast Robert Winslow Gordon in 1926.
It is a popular hymn in African American churches.
It later became a popular campfire song in Scouting and summer camps.
Schnelldorf is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Mittelfranken in Bavaria in Germany.
All ten teams of women's football from CONMEBOL were allowed to join in.
The team that won the match for fifth place got a chance to play in the inter-confederation play-offs.
From World War II onwards, people were no longer diagnosed with shell shock: The new term used was combat stress reaction: this is a similar but not identical response to the trauma of warfare and bombardment.
The Meitei currency for most of the history of Manipur consisted of gold, silver, bronze and copper coinage.
denomination and composition.
A persistent feature was the inflationary debasement and the replacement of coins over the centuries.
Notable examples include the reforms of King Pamheiba ().
This trend continued into modern times.
There are many archeological sites excavated in Manipur from where many ancient coins were found, among which Nachou is one of the most significant places.
There were two kinds of coins issued in Ancient Manipur right from the time of the onset of marketing, which are semkhai and sen.
These are generally crafted out of bronze.
Two semkhais equals to one sen.
It is evident from the coins discovered that there was a good deal of literary activity taken place during the reign of King Kyamba.
The Cheitharol Kumbaba recorded that King Khagemba issued coins along with which there was all round progress in the kingdom.
In the Sana Keithel (Royal Market), there was a custom in which the king threw bell metal coins amidst the public as familiar gestures of goodwill and responsibility for public welfare.
In the beginning, kings had to abandon the plan to issue copper coins when the women traders refused to accept them.
The coins issued before the reign of King Pamheiba () depicted legends in the archaic Meetei script.
For the first time in the history of Manipur's numismatics, Garibaniwaja introduced the Nagari script in depicting the legends.
The tradition of depicting Bengali script and Nagari script in the coins was followed by the succeeding rulers of later times.
On special occasions, coins were distributed among the crowds with a grand possession of the royalty.
The senior most/chief male family members (pibas) used coins in the names of God Sanamahi and Goddess Leimarel and regularly perform rites and rituals in the Sanamahi Kachin (Lainingthou Kachin).
Materia is clearly a full-length portrait of the artist's mother, the main subject of numerous canvases he made, as in the case of the mother with crochet from 1907.
The mother in the painting is portrayed sitting in her house frontally, so as to turn her back to a balcony overlooking the urban landscape behind Porta Romana in Milan.
This compositional choice serves to merge in a single simultaneous vision the optical perception of two distinct subjects, the metropolitan environment seen from Via Adige (Via Ripamonti) in Milan and the artist's mother.
The hands of the mother figure are represented crossed and gigantic and constitute the focus of the portrait.
The urban scenario of the Fondazione Prada district in Via Ripamonti appears as a space perfectly integrated with the human figure, the profiles of the houses are represented as generating nuclei of wide beams of transparent blue light, which illuminate the mother from above.
The work is created by Boccioni in his apartment in Via Adige at number 23 in Milan, near the door Porta Romana - Vigentina, near the Museum Fondazione Prada, while looking from the window.
Today the neighborhood is identified with innovative luxury fashion and art.
Buildings in construction in a suburb can be seen with chimneys in the upper part, but most of the space is occupied by men and horses, melted together in a dynamic effort.
Boccioni thus emphasizes some of the most typical elements of futurism, the exaltation of human work and the importance of the modern town, built around modern necessities.
The highest elevation of the Alps in Germany is the Zugspitze.
It is located in the western part of the Wetterstein Mountains - which, however, do not belong to the Bavarian Alps - and has a high alpine character with a height of 2,962 m above sea level as well as two small glaciers (see high mountains).
Also the partly high alpine Berchtesgaden Alps do not belong to the group of the Bavarian Alps.
One evening, Chris and Lisa hear noises from the downstairs of the home.
They discover the tires on Chris' car slashed.
The couple suspect Abel and contact Los Angeles police.
The cops, however, cannot do anything because of Abel's status within the Los Angeles Police Department.
Chris fights back by shining his own security floodlights into Abel's bedroom.
Abel sends his informant, Clarence Darlington, to trash the couple's home in yet another effort of forcing them out.
Lisa arrives home early and surprises the informant.
They fight.
Lisa is knocked out, though not before she triggers the alarm.
Chris rushes home.
He is followed by a frustrated Abel.
When the latter comes upon his hired informant, he (Abel) shoots the informant dead to keep him quite.
Lisa is rushed to the hospital.
She is okay.
Wildfires are taking place in the surrounding hills.
Local people are warned to leave their homes.
Abel, who remains behind, enters Chris' and Lisa's house.
He (Abel) hopes to retrieve Clarence's cell phone, fearing the phone will make him appear guilty.
Chris and Lisa suddenly return home from the hospital before Abel finds the phone.
While the couple pack up before leaving the residence, Chris discovers the cell phone.
He calls the last number diales.
Chris then learns Abel was responsible for the break-in.
Abel learns that Chris has found the cell phone.
The nickelodeon was the first type of indoor space dedicated to showing projected motion pictures in the United States.
Usually set up in converted stores, these small, simple theaters charged five cents for admission and thrived from about 1905 to 1915.
The municipal area had 2,330 inhabitants in 1970, 2,332 in 1987 and 2,499 in 2000.
The council is made up of 15 council members, counting the mayor.
Christiana Visentin Gajoni (also known as Christiana Visentin; born in 1974 in Rome (Italy) is a painter and actress Italian.
She started painting as a child in her grandfather's studio Adriano Gajoni, with his grandfather's pupils in Milan, who after his death had taken over the workshop.
His pictorial movement is called Magical Neorealism.
Educated at the Montparnasse Academy in Paris.
Kosciuszko National Park is a national park in the Australian state of New South Wales, Australia and is the largest national park in New South Wales and the tallest in Australia, home to the highest peak of Australia; Mt.
Kosciuszko as well as two famous ski resorts: Thredbo and Perisher.
The park gets its name from a Polish-Lithuanian hero called General Tadeusz Kościuszko, which explains the etymology of a name that is rather difficult to pronounce by most Australians.
Adewale Wally Adeyemo (born May 20, 1981) is a Nigerian-American lawyer and government worker, he served as the United States deputy secretary of the treasury.
Lucky the Dinosaur is an approximately green Segnosaurus free roaming audio animatronics figure which pulls a flower-covered cart and is led by Chandler the Dinosaur Handler.
The first version of the site, known as The Village, was started by Kevin Binkley, Ted Higgs, and Hoon.
In 1996, an employee of Microsoft Steve Murch convinced Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer to buy the game site, which was owned by Electric Gravity.
The site was renamed to Internet Gaming Zone and released in 1996.
, there are seven surviving former lieutenant governors of Idaho; the eldest is Phil Batt at .
The most recent death was that of Mark Ricks (served 2006–2007), who died at age 92 in September 2016.
University of Warwick (pronounce as WORR-ik) is a British university.
It is near Coventry, England between the West Midlands and Warwickshire.
Caribbean philosophy is the study of thought by philosophers of the Caribbean.
It also deals with people and situations within Caribbean societies.
A tower-like structure was used for the experiment.
This favored radioactive fallout.
The landscape and the winds meant that radioactive hot spots formed.
For four to five days after the experiment, farmers observed a flour-like white fallout.
People about around the site used rainwater for drinking.
The people in the area were not warned, or informed about ways to protect themselves.
There were no evacuations.
Instruments that were not adapted to do these measurements registered explosion rates up to 1.4 µC/kg/s.
It was nearly impossible to assess the risk of contamination through α-radiation that came from about of unexploded Plutonium.
VT-AXH was a registration of a Boeing 737-800 which was built on November 2006 and was written off on August 2020.
the 737 was operating Air India Express Flight 1344 from Dubai, UAE and crashed into a gorge at Kozhikode, India.
The decoration presents a composition of hexagons arranged in a honeycomb, outlined with a row of small dark tiles on a light background, internally filled with a dark hexagon with a light flower with six petals tangent to the vertices of the hexagon or a star with six points composed of a dark hexagon with, in the center, another dark hexagon delimited by six white triangles with lower vertices tangent to each other.
The hexagons with the same internal decoration follow one another in alternating bands; in the preserved fragment, only the hexagons fielded by flowers are halved at the edge which, starting from the inside, is composed of a row of dark tiles, a band of three light tiles arranged perpendicularly to each other and a dark band, initially composed of a band of three tesserae with a similar arrangement and then of weaves with an oblique warp.
The smallness of the preserved portion does not allow us to have an idea of ​​the extension of the mosaic, nor of the possible presence of a central emblem.
Barbara Everitt Bryant (April 1926 – March 3, 2023) was an American market researcher.
She became the first woman to head the United States Census Bureau.
She directed the bureau from 1989 to 1993.
​She also directed the American Customer Satisfaction Index.
Manipur has produced a remarkable number of athletes who have participated in the Olympic Games.
DC Comics the hero's journey characters including Superman and Batman, my sidekick as Robin, my best friends Lois Lane, Supergirl, Batgirl and many others, and locations Metropolis and Gotham City, and from the clutches of the evil Lex Luthor and the evil Joker, and all supervillains Catwoman, Mr.
Mxyzpltk and others.
Pha That Luang was destroyed by the Thai invasion in 1828, which left it heavily damaged and abandoned.
It was not until 1900 that the French restored to its original design based on the detailed drawings from 1867 by the French architect and explorer Louis Delaporte.
However the first attempt to restore it was unsuccessful and it had to be redesigned and then reconstructed in the 1930s.[3] During the Franco-Thai War, Pha That Luang was heavily damaged during a Thai air raid.
After the end of World War II, the Pha That Luang was reconstructed.
The area around Pha That Luang is now gated, to keep traffic out.
Previously visitors could drive around the whole complex.
The encircling walls are roughly 279 feet (85 metres) long on each side and contain a large number of Lao and Khmer sculptures including one of Jayavarman VII.
The Thai army managed to defeat the Burmese, who quickly retreated through the pass.
Maha Chakkraphat's thoughts then turned to Cambodia.
Not only had Ang Chan attacked and looted Prachinburi, turning its people into slaves, but he also refused to give Maha Chakkraphat a white elephant he had requested, rejecting even this token of submission to Siam.
Maha Chakkraphat ordered Prince Ong, the governor of Sawankhalok, to lead an expedition to punish Ang Chan and recover the Thai captives.
The rival armies met, and Ang Chan killed Prince Ong with a lucky musket shot from an elephant's back.
The leaderless Thai army fled, and Ang Chan allegedly captured more than 10,000 Siamese soldiers.
To celebrate his great victory, King Ang Chan supposedly named the battleground Siem Reap, meaning 'the total defeat of Siam'.
From the 16th to the 19th centuries, infighting among the Khmer nobility led to periodic intervention and domination by both of Cambodia's more powerful neighbors, Vietnam and Siam.
Siem Reap, along with Battambang (Phra Tabong) and Sisophon, major cities in northwest Cambodia, was under Siamese administration and the provinces were collectively known as Inner Cambodia from 1795 until 1907, when they were ceded to French Indochina.
During the 18th century, under the rule of the Ayutthaya Kingdom, it was known as Nakhon Siam ('Siam's city').
Siem Reap is a cheerful city that embraces travelers like old friends.
This region was the site of successive capitals of the Khmer Empire from the ninth to the 15th centuries.
The ruins, collectively known as the Angkor Archaeological Park, are located about four miles north of the city center.
The city surrounds Angkor Wat as well.
Saul Rosenzweig introduced the terminology in 1936 to illustrate the notion that all therapies are equally effective.
Rosenzweig borrowed the phrase from Lewis Carroll's 1865 book, Alice in Wonderland.
In the setting, some characters become wet and, in order to dry themselves, the Dodo Bird decided to issue a competition: everyone was to run around the lake until they were dry.
Nobody cared to measure how far each person had run, nor how long.
When they asked the Dodo who had won, he thought long and hard and then said, Everybody has won and all must have prizes.
In the case of psychotherapies, Rosenzweig argued that common factors were more important than specific technical differences, so that (on the Dodo bird conjecture) all therapies are winners; they all produce equally effective outcomes.
Histologically, pericardium consists of three layers: the serosa, the fibrosa, and an outer layer of epipericardial connective tissue.
Pericardial fluid is present in between these two layers.
The Door Forward StreetLite version, also known as the StreetLite DF, was launched in 2011.
The axle is behind the door.
The first DF StreetLite was trialled by First London.
The StreetLite Max was launched in 2012.
It is noticably longer than normal StreetLites and has 45 seats.
The axle is behind the door like the door forward version.
The StreetLite Micro Hybrid was launched in May 2018.
In 1983, she chose to become a diplomat instead of doing a job associated with law.
She decided to work at the French embassy in the USA.
Colonna started working in the political unit.
She would move to the press and information unit.
Devizes has been a usual Conservative seat since 1945.
The current Member of Parliament is Danny Kruger.
He was first elected at the 2019 general election.
The MP before him was Claire Perry.
Perry decided not to run at the next election.
Devizes was the constituency of the fictional (fake) Conservative MP The Honourable Sir Piers Fletcher-Dervish, Baronet, later Junior Minister for Housing, in the TV sitcom The New Statesman.
The actor Michael Troughton played the MP.
Displayed in the Forum, The Twelve Tables stated the rights and duties of the Roman citizen.
Their formulation was the result of considerable agitation by the plebeian class, who had until then been excluded from the higher benefits of the Republic.
Before that, the law had not been written down.
Higher-class priests, the pontifices, intepreted it.
Cicero (106–43 BC) stated that the Twelve Tables...seems to me, assuredly to [be better than] the libraries of all the philosophers, both in weight of authority, and in [usefulness].
Cicero hardly exaggerated; the Twelve Tables formed the basis of Roman law for a thousand years.
Many think that the toilet onboard a bus is only for peeing, but it can also be used for defecating.
Due to the toilet's small opening, feces might not go down through the small hole on the toilet.
On 15 August 2021, the Taliban took over the city of Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan.
This means that they won the war against the Afghan government.
This happened because of a a military offensive that began in May 2021, which was the latest stage of their insurgency against the Afghan government.
Since the Fall of Kabul in August 2021, Akhundzada became Afghanistan's Supreme Leader with absolute powers over the country.
By modeling structures using combinatorial geometry and applying monte carlo radiation ray tracing techniques the mathematicians could estimate exposures at various distances and relative locations in and around fictional structures.
In 1972, the graphics group called MAGI/SynthaVision was formed at MAGI by Robert Goldstein.
In August 2021, activity (or business) had stopped at the National Assembyl.
This is done so that people can move from one place to another without the target noticing the person.
Distraction in humans is caused by: the lack of ability to pay attention; lack of interest in the object of attention; or the great intensity, novelty or attractiveness of something other than the object of attention.
Töregene was friends with Ögedei's commanders in China.
The fighting between the Mongols and the Song soldiers was in Chengdu.
Töregene sent people to make peace, but Song put them in prison.
The Mongols put Hangzhou in prison and attacked Sichuan in 1242.
She then told Zhang Rou and Chagaan (Tsagaan) to attack the Song Dynasty.
When they attacked the Song territory, the Song court sent somebody to ceasefire.
Chagaan and Zhang Rou went north back to their homes after the Mongols accepted the term.
The Lubyanka (Russian: Лубя́нка, IPA: [lʊˈbʲankə]) is the headquarters of the FSB and a prison on Lubyanka Square in Moscow.
It was previously the national headquarters of the KGB; Soviet hammers and sickles can be seen on the building's façade.
Lubyanka was built on the spot where Catherine the Great had once headquartered her secret police.
Alice Cornelia Thaw (January 2, 1880 – May 8, 1955) was an American philanthropist.
Urien often referred to as Urien Rheged or Uriens, was a late 6th-century king of Rheged, an early British kingdom of the Hen Ogledd (today's northern England and southern Scotland).
His power and his victories, including the battles of Gwen Ystrad and Alt Clut Ford, are celebrated in the praise poems to him by Taliesin, preserved in the Book of Taliesin.
He became the King Urien of Gorre of later Arthurian legend and his son Owain mab Urien was later known as Ywain.
Human rights apply to everyone, they also apply to children.
Children also have other rights, which are related to them being vulnerable while they grow up.
These rights are usually called Children's rights.
They are provided by different treaties, such as the Hague Protection of Minors Convention, of 1961.
Most countries have ratified these treaties.
This means that they are part of international customary law: They apply to all children, in all countries; even in those countries which haven't ratified the treaties.
Human Rights Watch, an international advocacy organization, includes child labour, juvenile justice, orphans and abandoned children, refugees, street children and corporal punishment.
Istriot is a Romance language, spoken in Istria.
Today, Istria is part of Croatia.
Croatian is a Slavic language.
There are only few speakers left.
They live around the cities/villages of Rovinj (Rovigno), Vodnjan (Dignano), Bale (Valle), Fažana (Fasana), Galižana (Gallisana), Ližnjan (Lissiano) and Pula (Pola).
The Istriot language is different from the Istriot dilect of the Venetian language.
The language is mostly used for speaking; in writing, Italian is used.
From the forms of the language, Istriot is between Italian, and the Eastern Romance languages, most notably the extinct Dalmatian language.
This list of risk factors for canine diabetes is taken from the genetic breed study.
This study was published in 2007.
The neutral risk category should be taken for being not enough evidence that the dog breed genetically shows a high, moderate, or a low risk for the disease.
All risk information is based only on discovered genetic factors.
Quarraisha Abdool Karim, (PhD) is a South African medical doctor who specializes in infectious diseases (epidemiologist).
Mamman Kwagyang Saleh (born 2 January 1958), is the Nigerian politician and current minister of power.
Metin Çekmez (26 July 1945 – 25 August 2021) was a Turkish actor.
Tuguegarao, officially called the City of Tuguegarao, is a city in the Cagayan Province of Northeastern Philippines.
Tuguegarao is the capital and largest city of the Cagayan Province in the Philippines.
The city has a population of 170,000 people, making it the most populous city in the Cagayan Province of Northeastern Philippines.
The highest temperature recorded in the Philippines was in Tuguegarao, where it hit 42 degrees Celsius back in May 11,1969.
The city is surrounded by the Sierra Madre Mountain Range to the right.
The city was settled at the 11th century.
Battambang's population was centered along a single road parallel to the Sangkae River.
In the 18th century, there are now 2,500 people living in Battambang in that time.
In 1795, modern-day Thailand got the following provinces of Cambodia: Banteay Meanchey, Battambang, Oddar Meanchey, Pailin, and Siem Reap.
The Thai ruled Battambang as a provincial capital of Battambang in Thailand, through the Thai speaking Abbhaiwongae family of Cambodia, which was until 1907, when the province and entire Cambodia became part of the French Indochina colony.
Battambang is the capital and largest city of Battambang Province.
It lies at the northwest part of Cambodia.
It's location was 13°06’N, 103°12’E.
The city is 280 kilometers northwest of Phnom Penh, 163 kilometers west of Siem Reap, and 114 kilometers southwest from Poi Pet and the Cambodia-Thailand border.
As of 2019, Battambang has 119,251 people living in the city of Battambang.
Todd Lamb (born October 19, 1971) is an American politician who served as the 16th lieutenant governor of Oklahoma from 2011 to 2019.
Philippine English (, ) or Filipino English (, ) a dialect of English spoken in the Philippines.
It is the main language of government, school and business in the Philippines.
It sounds similar to American English, possibly due to the United States owning the Philippines for some time.
However, it has many slang words and different pronunciations, mainly derived from Asian languages and Spanish (because the Philippines was formerly a Spanish colony).
Based in Karachi, capital of the Sindh province, the organization runs various seminars and organized activities and, more recently, arranged summer camps in such activities.
The club has more recently been engaging in activities in collaboration with other science clubs such as the Karachi astronomy club.
PSC has also participated in international science events such as the World Science Day for Peace and Development.
The National Resistance Front of Afghanistan (NRF), also known as the Panjshir resistance and the Second Resistance, is a military alliance of former Northern Alliance members and other anti-Taliban fighters who remain loyal to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
The group has been known since August 2021 - during the 2021 Taliban offensive.
Saint James is a district of Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago.
After the Soviet-Afghan War, which ended on 14 February 1989, a civil war started in Afghanistan.
It lasted until the end of April 1992, when a new Afghan government was formed.
On 24 April, the Peshawar Accord (an agreement for a new Afghan government) was announced.
The civil war officially ended on 27 April 1992.
The new Afghan government started the next day, on 28 April 1992.When the Soviet Union left Afghanistan in 1989, they left President Mohammed Najibullah in charge of the Republic of Afghanistan.
But many people in Afghanistan did not support him because they thought that his government was a communist puppet regime (a regime controlled by the Soviet Union).
Therefore, several mujahideen groups started to fight against Najibullah's regime.
In March 1989, together with the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the mujahideen attacked Jalalabad, but they were defeated.
Two years later, in March 1991, they successfully overtook Khost.
Mujahideen power continued to grow until the Peshawar Accord was announced in April 1992, and a few days later Najibullah's regime resigned.
However, instead of a new government with all mujahideen groups, another civil war broke out between different mujahideen groups, which lasted until 1996 (also known as the Battle for Kabul).
Nur Muhammad Taraki was the first leader of the DRA after the Saur Revolution in 1978.
He was a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA, serving as its General Secretary from 1965 to 1979.
Taraki's leadership was short-lived and marked by controversies.
The government was divided between two PDPA factions: the Khalqists (led by Taraki), the majority, and the Parchamites, the minority.
The second leader of the DRA was Hafizullah Amin.
He was an Afghan communist revolutionary, who organized the Saur Revolution of 1978.
Amin ordered the death of Taraki by suffocation with pillows on 8 October 1979.
The third leader of the DRA was Babrak Karmal.
He became a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA and eventually became the leader of the Parcham faction.
He was an Afghan revolutionary and politician who was the leader of Afghanistan, serving in the post of General Secretary of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan for seven years.
The last leader of the DRA was Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai, commonly known as Dr.
Najib.
He was the General Secretary of the PDPA and the leader of the DRA from 1986 to 1992. Dr.
Najib changed the name of the Communist Party PDPA to the Hizb-i Watan (Homeland Party).
He was the President of Afghanistan from 1987 until his resignation in April 1992, shortlly after the mujahideen took over Kabul.
The final was played between both the top premier league clubs Manchester United and Chelsea, won by Manchester united in the penalties by 6-5.
However, after her mother's untimely death, her father remarried with Nganurol Laoshigam Chanu (Loisingam Chanu), the sister of her mother.
Spending a few days happily, Senbi Loikenba left for Kabo on the King's errand and during his absence, Haosi Namoinu was harshly treated by her stepmother.
She was not allowed to go outside and play with her friends.
She had to work as much hard as she could to satisfy her stepmother.
Her bliss of household life was much worsened.
Factors to measure gentrification in Chicago are changes in the number of residents with bachelor's degrees, median household income, racial makeup, visual looks, and the presence of coffee shops.
There have been phases of gentrification in Chicago of various neighborhoods, some of which were in 1990s and in 2007–2009.
Gentrification debates in Chicago have been mostly focused around the gentrification of Chicago's historically Latino or black neighborhoods.
These neighborhoods are located near the central urban downtown areas and along the east side of the city.
Protea inopina also called Large-nut Sugarbush is a flowering shrub belonging to the well-known Protea genus.
The plant is endemic to the Western Cape, rare, extremely isolated and occurs only in the Olifants River Mountains near Palace Hill.
The plant grows 1 m tall and has many stems.
It blooms from September to December.
Ali Ahmad Khan was captured; his reign ended on 9 February.
The demographics of the inhabiants of Zahedan are mixed with Balochis, and Persians.
They speak Persian and Balochi.
Zahedan is east of the Dasht-e Loot.
Zahedan is part of Baluchestan, a historic region of Asia.
Sunni Muslims live in Zahedan as well.
Shaikh Abdolhamid Ismaeelzahi is the main and most influential religious and Sunni and the Baloch people.
Zahedan is located in the southeastern part of Iran.
It is 1,491 kilometers southeast of Tehran, 950 kilometers south of Mashhad, 1,189 kilometers southeast of Isfahan, 2,024 kilometers southeast of Tabriz, and 95 kilometers from the Iran-Pakistan border.
It is also connected by rail to Pakistan and is near to Afghanistan.
Zahedan is the Iranian city, which is the closest to Afghanistan and Pakistan.
As of 2016, Zahedan has 587,730 people.
In the 1930s, Zahedan was a small village.
In 1930, Zahedan's population reached 17,500.
and increased more than fivefold to 93,000 by 1976.
After 1980, large numbers of Iranians fleeing the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan helped triple the population of Zahedan to more than 281,000 by 1986, a number which has since doubled again.
Koh Kong town is just below the southern end of the Cardamom Mountains.
The Kah Bpow river runs through the town of Koh Kong, and begins in the Cardamoms and runs down to join the Gulf of Thailand.
In 2000, wildlife traders from Thailand were reported to come to Koh Kong town each month to purchase wildlife products.
In 2005, One of Cambodias tiger hunters, Yor Ngun, was finally captured in Koh Kong town.
He was eventually charged with having killed and sold at least 19 tigers, 40 leopards, 30 elephants, 500 gaur, banteng and sambar, 40 Sun bears and three Asian black bears.
Khemarak Phoumin is accessible by land, sea, and air.
It is over 450 kilometers southeast of Bangkok, Thailand, 133 kilometers west of Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and 138 kilometers northwest from Sre Ambel, Cambodia.
In the rest of 1992, hundreds of rockets hit Kabul, thousands, mostly civilians, were killed, half a million people fled the city.
In 1993, the rivalling militia factions continued their fights over Kabul, several cease-fires and peace accords failed.
This page names the people who ruled Manipur in India.
These rules sat on the throne of the Kangla during Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur, in the Common Era.
Nivedita Joshi Saraf, spouse of renowned actor Ashok Saraf, was selected for the role of the female protagonist, Asavari, along with Tejashree Pradhan for Shubhra after her success in the television show Honaar Sun Mi Hya Gharchi.
Girish Oak played the male protagonist, Abhijeet, while Ravi Patwardhan portrayed the character of Aajoba (lit.
Grandfather).
Ashutosh Patki, son of renowned music composer Ashok Patki, and Bhakti Ratnaparkhi, spouse of actor Nikhil Ratnaparkhi, portrayed Soham and Maddy, respectively.
However, Patwardhan's role was replaced by actor Mohan Joshi from January to March 2021 after the latter's demise on 5 December 2020.
The show premiered on 22 July 2019 from Monday to Saturday at 8:30 p.m.
by replacing Tula Pahate Re, which starred Subodh Bhave and Gayatri Datar in titular roles and was last-aired on 20 July 2019.
However, it had to take a break from 27 March 2020 due to COVID-19 lockdown in India.
The show was resumed from 13 July 2020, but had to be converted into a reality show for a week from 28 September - 4 October 2020 when Nivedita Joshi Saraf was diagnosed with COVID-19.
The show was last-aired on 13 March 2021 after 432 episodes.
Due to the success of Aggabai Sasubai, the makers decided to replace it with a sequel titled Aggabai Sunbai from 15 March 2021, which focuses on the life of Shubhra.
Girish Oak, Nivedita Joshi Saraf, Mohan Joshi and Bhakti Ratnaparkhi reprised their roles of Abhijeet, Asavari, Aajoba and Maddy, respectively, while Ashutosh Patki and Tejashree Pradhan were replaced by Adwait Dadarkar and Uma Pendharkar for the roles of Soham and Shubhra, respectively.
The sequel also starred Anvit Hardikar, Chinmay Udgirkar and Geetanjali Ganage as Soham and Shubhra's 8-year-old son, Shubham, Shubhra's live-in partner, Anurag Desai, and Soham's girlfriend, Susanne, respectively.
However, the show ended up having a sudden cancellation after 136 episodes on 21 August 2021 due to low TRPs, and was replaced by Mazhi Tuzhi Reshimgaath premiering on 23 August 2021 and starring Shreyas Talpade and Prarthana Behere.
In ancient times, Myitkyina was an important trading city between China and Myanmar.
George J.
Geis, an American Baptist missionary includinh his wife arrived in Myitkyina in late 1890.
In 1900, they requesyed permission to build a mansion in Myitkyina.
It is named Geis Memorial Church.
Japanese soldiers and military army invaded Myitkyina during World War II in 1942.
In August 1944, the city was recaptured by the World War II Allies under Joseph Stilwell, after a heavy fughtine between Nationalist Chinese divisions, the Chindits, and Merrill's Marauders of the Northern Combat Area Command, and the elements of the 33rd Imperial Japanese Army under General Masaki Honda.
Myitkyina lies in the northern Kachin State of Myanmar.
The town is in the west bank of the Ayeyarwady River.
It is 1,480 kilometers north of Yangon, 785 kilometers from Mandalay, and 818 kilometers from Naypyidaw.
As of 2020, Myitkyina has over 92,543 people, making it the largest city in the northern Kachin State of the country.
(because Chinese folk religion is the dominant religion in China, Shintoism in Japan, Hinduism in India and Nepal, and there is no religion in South Korea and North Korea).
Kachin State was bordered by India to the west, and China to the north and east.
Most of the hills and all the mountains of Myanmar are in Kachin State.
It lies north latitude between 23°27N to 28°25N latitude, 96°0 and 98°44 longhitude.
The highest mountain of Myanmar, Hkakabo Razi, was also in the Kachin State.
As of 2014, Kachin State population is 1,689,441.
Once there was a child who never stopped crying.
One night, when it was raining heavily, a thief came to steal a horse from the house of the child and a tiger also came to prey on one of the horses from the same place.
As the two criminals were silently waiting a right time for their chances in the dark corners of the horse-stable, they heard the mother (father in another version) telling her child about many scary creatures, like the elephant, the horse, the lion and the tiger coming, to pacify his crying but it was of no use to the child.
Syed Ali Shah Geelani (29 September 1929 – 1 September 2021) was an Indian Kashmiri separatist leader and politician.
He was a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly from 1972 until 1982 and again from 1987 until 1990.
Geelani was born in Bandipore, India.
He was a member of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference.
Milpitas Unified School District is a public school district in Milpitas, California.
The district has over 10,000 students from Preschool through Grade 12.
The current superintendent is Cheryl Jordan.
Cousins for Life is an American comedy television series created by Kevin Kopelow and Heath Seifert that aired on Nickelodeon from November 24, 2018 to June 8, 2019.
The series stars Scarlet Spencer, Dallas Dupree Young, Micah Abbey, Ron G, and Ishmel Sahid.
The Eastern Region is one of the 10 administrative regions in Venezuela.
It contains the states of Anzoátegui, Monagas and Sucre.
Yenakha Paotapi or Yenakha Paodabi Saijin Polibi () is an old demoness (hingchabi).
Stories often show her as an evil spirit.
She stays around the eaves of roofs in Meitei mythology and folklore.
Her story is from Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur).
The stories say she interferes everywhere.
Legend says that she could not live with human beings.
Instead, she lives like a dog or a jackal, sitting on graves.
Is dancing round and round.
The next day, Yenakha Paodabi did everything in to her plan: She changed her appearance so she looked like the wife.
When the real wife was away at the market, Yenakha Paodabi entered the house holding a Shareng fish, when the actual woman was away to market.
The husband had no doubt about the woman until his real wife returned home, creating a great surprise to him with the presence of two women who looked exactly like his wife.
Once there lived a widowed lady with her three children.
Since her husband's death, the woman went to market and sell vegetables to feed her children.
The eldest child was a girl.
The girl was little grown up.
So, she helped her mother in household works.
The two younger children were boys.
The youngest one still fed on mother's milk.
One day, the mother did not return home from the market.
The boys started crying.
Their sister tried to console them but she failed to do so.
Meanwhile, Yenakha Paotabi heard the cry.
She was very happy at this.
She planned to eat up all the children that very day.
It had been a very long time she had not eaten any human child.
So, she hid herself at that house's eaves.
On the other side, the mother eloped with a man.
Taking advantage of this situation, Yenakha Paotabi changed the way she looked until she looked like the mother.
She pretended to be coming back from the market.
She took the youngest child from the sister's hands.
She held the little boy in her arms.
She ate him by breaking him into pieces.
The elder brother asked her what she was eating.
Yenakha Paotabi answered that it was not something he could eat.
She said it was Thambou (Lotus stem) brought from the market.
The sister came to know that the strange woman was not their mother but a witch.
So she thought of running away with her survived younger brother to save their lives.
The brother and the sister ran away from the place.
Yenakha Paotabi finished eating the small boy.
Then, she looked for the rest of the children.
She found them missing.
So she started following the children.
The brother and the sister hid themselves at a nearby house (a house at far away place found after running in another version of the story).
Later, the two siblings found their real mother.
They ran towards her joyfully calling mother.
But the mother said they were not hers.
She had told her new husband that she did not have any children.
But he became suspicious when the children called her mother.
So he asked her if she was hiding something from him.
The mother brought a Shuk (stick of rice grinder).
She said that the child who could throw this Shuk in front of the front yard of the house was her true child.
According to her, the one who could not do it was not her true child.
The daughter (sister) mentioned God Lainingthou's name.
She closed her eyes filled with tears.
She threw the Shuk.
The Shuk fell ahead of the front yard.
The brother failed.
It was because he was not strong.
According to the mother's words, the sister was accepted but the little boy was rejected.
The sister cried at her mother's rejection of her younger brother.
The sister took out some food to feed her little brother.
Her mother scolded her.
After that, the sister gave her younger brother only paddy grains to cook.
The younger brother brought the grains to cook them somewhere.
Accidentally, he slipped on a Lukrak (Culm sheath of bamboo tree) and all the grains fell off.
When he was picking up the grains, a bird known as Waba Chengjaba ate them all.
The younger brother cried and told his sister about the accident.
She gave him some more grains.
Taking the grains, he came back joyfully.
However, he fell again and the bird ate his food again.
He got angry.
At the same time, he was also scared to tell his sister he had lost the food again.
So, he suffered his hunger for that day.
On the next day, he told everything to his sister.
She gave him some rice and three strands of hair.
She taught him how to catch the bird.
The younger brother made nets from the hairs.
He put some rice in front of the net.
Looking at the rice, the bird came and tried to pick it up.
However, the net hooked its feet.
Thus, it was trapped in the net.
The young boy told the bird that he would kill it.
He said that he would give the bird's two legs to his sister and would take the bird's body for himself.
The bird promised him a Yai (magical diamond stone) in place of its life.
The Yai would give everything that he wished.
Chita is founded in 1653.
After 1825, the Decembrists gave exile to Chita.
George Kennan said, Among the exiles in Chita were some of the brightest, most cultivated, most sympathetic men and women that we had met in Eastern Siberia.
When Richard Maack visited Chita in 1855, he saw a wooden town, with one, also wooden, church.
He estimated Chita's population at under 1,000, but predicted that the Chita would soon get fast growth in population and economy, due to the upcoming annexation of the Amur valley by Russia.
The rapid growth of the industry center drastically changed the city, and by the early 1960s, its population exceeded 100,000 people.
At 1970, Cherepovets had become the largest city in Vologda Oblast, overtaking Vologda.
Lai Khutsangbi wanted to eat the child Shasi.
But Shasi's father, Shasipa was so brave that the Lai Khutsangbi was afraid of him.
One day, Shasipa left home to work somewhere far away.
He would be gone for days.
Lai Khutsangbi came to the house at night, and asked Shasi's mother, Shasima if her husband was at home or not.
Shasima was smart, so she lied and said her husband was at home.
Lai Khutsangbi left.
But she came back night after night and asked the same question again and again.
Shasi's mother also gave the same reply, hiding the true fact that Shasipa was away.
After some time, Shasi's father returned home and Shasi's mother told him what had happened.
Shasi's father decided to defeat the demoness.
That night, he waited for Lai Khutsangbi with a sharpened sword.
At midnight, the demoness, as usual, came to ask Shasima if her husband was home.
This time, Shasi's mother replied that he was away from home.
Unaware of the trick, Lai Khutsangbi broke through the wall of the house with one of her powerful hands, trying to find Shasi, the child.
Shasi's father, who was waiting for this opportunity, chopped off the hand with his sword.
Lai Khutsangbi ran away from the house, dragging her remaining long arm.
The blood flew out of her cut arm and fell onto many plants growing on her way to the forest.
It is said that the red patches seen on some plants is her blood.
Shasi's father followed her into the woods.
The demoness could not run fast because she was injured.
Shasi's father caught her and stepped on her other remaining hand.
Then, he chopped off that arm too.
Domodedovo () is a city in Moscow Oblast of Russia.
As of 2010, the city has 96,145 people.
The city surrounds Domodedovo Airport, one of the international airports of Moscow, the capital and largest city of Russia.
The climate is continental, with cold, snowy winters, and warm, humid summers.
The passage of cyclones from the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea sometimes causes an increase in cloud cover.
Average mid-January temperature in Domodedovo is about −10,5 °C, and mid-July is +17,5 °C.
The average time of the frost-free season is 130 days.
Dolgoprudny () is a city in Moscow Oblast in European Russia.
In 2018, 108,861 people lived there.
Arkhangelsk was founded in 1584 as the fortified monastery of Micheal, a Russian archangel, it was the first port of the Russian Empire to trade with England and later with other countries.
The port of Arkhangelsk reached the height of its prosperity in the 17th century but subsequently declined with the foundation of Saint Petersburg in 1703 and the high customs dues introduced by Peter I the Great to trade to Arkhangelsk.
Arkhangelsk later revived with the building of a railway from Moscow in 1898.
At that time, Arkhangelsk is now the largest timber-exporting port of Russia.
It has big timber-processing industries, including sawmilling, pulp making and papermaking.
Shipbuilding and repair are important in Arkhangelsk.
Arkhangelsk is home for a fishing fleet and the western terminus of the Russian Northern Sea Route.
There are thousands of medicines, planting, managing, caring for forests, taigas, and a teachers college.
Arkhangelsk is located in the northern part of Arkhangelsk Oblast.
It is also the capital and largest city of the Arkhangelsk Oblast.
It borders the Arctic Ocean on the north.
It is 1,242 kilometers north of Moscow, 1,109 kilometers northeast of Saint Petersburg, and 1,271 kilometers north of Nizhny Novgorod.
Kajenglei (), also known as Leitreng (), is a traditional Meitei headdress crown, worn by women.
It is worn by brides during marriage ceremonies as well as by artists during the dance performances.
Barnaul was founded by the family of Demidov, who intended to develop the production of copper and silver of Russia, which continued after the factories were taken over by the Crown of Russia.
Barnaul became a major center of silver in Russia.
Barnaul's city status was founded in 1771.
In 1738 a silver-refining works was established and Barnaul became the original hub of the Altai mining region of Russia.
It was a major trade centre in 1850.
Barnaul has good communications by Ob River, by the South Siberian, Turk-Sib, and Omsk-Barnaul railways, and by roads to the Kolyvan-Rubtsovsk mining area and Novosibirsk.
As a result after that, its industrial importance has increased and its range of products grown wider.
Barnaul's engineering industries produce boilers, presses, diesel motors, and radios; other industries make cotton textiles, chemical fibres, cellophane, tires, and lumber and forest products.
There is also a range of consumer-goods industries.
Barnaul has a research institute of agriculture, livestock husbandry, institutes for engineering, teacher training, and medicine.
Barnaul was located in the Forest steppes of the West Siberian Plain.
It is 345 kilometers northeast of the Kazakhstan-Russia border, 3,622 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 4,051 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 3,159 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, 1,823 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg, 232 kilometers south of Novosibirsk, 5,810 kilometers northwest of Vladivostok, and 5,015 kilometers southwest of Yakutsk.
Barnaul is an important industrial center of Western Siberia.
There are more than 100 industrial businesses and companies in the city, giving work to approximately 120,000 people.
These industries include diesel, carbon processing, production of heavy machinery, tyres, furniture and footwear.
The details are very complex.
The system makes sequences of amino acids which bind on to the corresponding sequences of infective agents.
The system also recognises altered self cells as seen in cancer.
Pheichom (Pheijom) or Feichom (Feijom) is a traditional Meitei loincloth, worn by men.
It is mainly made of cotton or silk in gold, saffron or white colours.
The Khamen Chatpa is the most popular and highly revered pheijom known to the Meitei cultural world.
Phanek or Fanek is a traditional Meitei sarong, indigenously worn by womenfolk, predominantly in Manipur (Kangleipak).
One ancient design is the lotus and the bee bordering the phanek fabric.
The Phanek Mayek Naibi, one of the most popular phaneks, is one such lower garment, which has stripes at its bottom.
It is worn when one goes to office works and in marriage ceremonies.
It is worn like a wraparound.
Its bottom is adorned with heavy embroidery in different designs.
Folsom Lake College is a public community college in Folsom, California.
It is part of the California Community Colleges system and the Los Rios Community College District.
It was opened in 2004 and has two educational centers: The El Dorado Center in Placerville, California, and the Rancho Cordova Center in Rancho Cordova, California.
As of April 2021, the game was still in testing, with the publicly available beta.
Khudei or Khoodei () is a daily traditional Meitei loincloth wear, worn by menfolk.
It is also used as a cotton towel in some cases.
It is a wraparound linen cloth.
This short woven cloth covers the body from the waist up to the knee portion.
Generally, it measures around 3' x 8'.
Ali is the youngest of five brothers and sisters.
He said in a makanati.net interview that he came out to his mother and older sister in 2017 when he founded Lava Foundation, an unregistered organization working on raising awareness of LGBT issues.
Like the vast majority of society, my family approached [sexuality] close-mindedly without having any information, they would insult [those who were gay].
When I would spend time with them, sometimes, they would engage in aggressive conversations and hurl insults towards LGBT people.
[...] I would leave the room silently because I felt like those insults were directed at me.
[...] I tried repeatedly to change and undergo a curative treatment to no avail.
I got to the conclusion that this is me, accepted myself, and moved on.
– Ali, on his experiences with his family and sexuality.
Ali began his activism in 2017 with Lava Foundation which did not last for a long time, and was hired by Rasan in late 2019; Lava Foundation activities were then carried out in Rasan.
After more than a year with Rasan, Ali left the organization and founded Yeksani.
Ali's activism focuses on raising awareness of regional LGBT community issues, letting the public know about the community's needs and wants and international actors to encourage action, and normalizing the community in Kurdish society.
He emphasizes that LGBT+ living conditions in Kurdistan are poor due to a lack of public awareness.
Gay people should be protected by law and not discriminated against, [homosexuality] is a natural human desire, not an illness.
Every workplace should be legally forced to be inclusive to LGBT people in job oppertunities, and even the local security forces need to treat them better.
– Ali to Kurdish news outlet Peregraf in an interview.
In February 2017, she became the second player to score 5,500 runs in WODIs.
Following in the steps of King Faisal who had his eyes set on advancement while keeping a foot in tradition, KFF has gained global outreach as it pushes the boundaries to empower the generations of the future.
With its wide portfolio of investments, KFF is able to retain its financial autonomy, which allows this vast operation to keep creating and developing programs that serve its purpose.
Since its establishment and until 2019, KFF has spent over 2.3 billion Saudi Riyals to support its pillar programmes, philanthropic projects and educational scholarships.
Hana Soukupová (born 18 December 1985) is a Czech supermodel.
She was one of the participants of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows and modelled for the Victoria's Secret catalog.
Mufti travels the world spreading a simple but profound message: “Do good, help others while preparing for the Hereafter.
He is active in the international arena and is a strong proponent of peace and justice, speaking up against all forms of terror.
Henry Harley Arnold (June 25, 1886 – January 15, 1950) was an American general officer.
He held the ranks of General of the Army and General of the Air Force.
He is the air force general who held five star rank in two United States Military Services.
Maulana Wahiduddin Khan is an Islamic spiritual scholar who has adopted peace as the mission of his life.
Known for his Gandhian views, he considers non-violence as the only method to achieve success.
After completing pre-medical studies, Maulana Tariq was admitted to the King Edward Medical College in Lahore.
It was there—under the influence of members of the Tablighi Jamaat—that his focus changed to Islamic Education.
His Islamic training is from Jamia Arabia, where he studied Qur’an, Hadith, Sufism, logic and Islamic jurisprudence.
Maulana Tariq’s background in the sciences allows him to explain Islamic matters in a way that appeals to liberal Muslims.
Additionally, his simple lifestyle and fluency in Urdu and Arabic, led to his fame across the Muslim world.
Between 2000 and 2008, serious bicycle injuries in England declined by 12%.
Over the same period, the number of bicycle trips made in London doubled.
Motor vehicle traffic decreased by 16%, bicycle use increased by 28% and cyclist injuries had decreased by 20% in the first year of operation of the London Congestion Charge.
In America, during the period 1999-2007, the number of cyclists killed or seriously injured decreased by 29% and the amount of cycling in New York city increased by 98%.
Murad's attorney is Amal Clooney, a Lebanese-British barrister.
Clooney wrote the foreword to The Last Girl.
Omics is a term used in modern genetics.
It is used for terms which end in the suffix -omics, such as genomics.
Marta Martin Carrera-Ruiz (c.
1941 – 27 February 2021) was a Cuban-American television personality.
She was known for among others, El Gordo y la Flaca.
Due to its secrecy, Christians were accused of practising incest and cannibalism.
The movie gets 6 international awards at 5 International Film Festivals.
These are held at different countries of the world.
Interlingue has two forms for the personal pronouns: one for the subject form (nominative), and one for the object form (accusative or dative).
Ferdinand the Catholic instituted the figure of the Viceroy, who would exercise the royal powers when the king was absent from the kingdom, something that would frequently happen with the monarchs of the House of Austria.
The Viceroy was responsible for the Governor, who was in charge of maintaining order and social peace, and the Royal Audience, a court that would impart justice in serious or very important cases, or those that affected individuals with privileges.
He also established the authority of the Inquisition in the kingdom, a body that later kings abused to circumvent the provisions of the Aragonese fueros, which did not prevail over the Inquisition, as occurred in the Alterations of Aragon.
AUKUS, also known as Aukus (; is an acronym for the alliance between Australia, United Kingdom, United States), is a three-way security pact between Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
The agreement was created in 2020 to share defense technologies between the three countries to answer the possible threat China poses.
Electronic games require batteries to run and the manufacture adds a hidden 'test mode' on which the user can use to capture samples to make another game.
Although the samples themselves won't be as good as the original studio quality samples, they can be good quality enough to be re-used in another game.
Ultimate Marvel vs.
Capcom 3 is a crossover fighting game developed by Capcom in collaboration with Eighting.
It is an updated version of Super Smash Bros.
Brawl and Kirby's Return to Dream Land.
The game features characters from both Capcom's video game franchises and comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
The game was released in November 2011 for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and was featured as a launch title for the PlayStation Vita in 2012.
The game was later ported to PlayStation 4 in December 2016, and Xbox One and Microsoft Windows in March 2017.
Thokchom Jitendra Kumar Singha is a Bangladeshi Manipuri social worker from Sadar, Sylhet.
He has been connected with Manipuri cultural activities in Sylhet, Bangladesh.
He contributed to the inter-ethnic relationship between Manipuri speaking ethnicity and the Muslim Bengali people of Bangladesh.
He is native to Kewapura, Mirermoidan, Sylhet district of Bangladesh.
Khabarovsk has an attractive waterfront park and long area and a mixture of modern apartment blocks, factories, and old, one-story wooden houses.
It is a major industrial centre, with most enterprises located in the upstream district.
They include large scale engineering and machine-building industries, oil refining, timber working, furniture making, and many light industries.
Watercolor and oil painting were only part of Sheets's art career.
Through his teaching at Chouinard Art Institute, Otis Art Institute, Scripps College and other institutions, hundreds of artists learned how to paint, and were then guided into art careers.
He directed the art exhibition at the Los Angeles County Fair for many years and brought world-class work to Southern California.
During the Great Depression, he joined forces with Edward Bruce to hire artists for the Public Works of Art Project, the first New Deal art project.
In 1946, he served as a president of the California Water Color Society.
In later years, he worked as an architect, illustrator, muralist, printmaker, and art exhibition juror.
Charles Reid was a pupil of Frank Reilly who was tutored by professor of drawing George Bridgman and by Franck-Vincent DuMond, both of whom were influenced and connected to the French academic style of the late 19th century.
Reilly passed on these influences to Reid.
Both Bridgman and DuMond had studied at the Ecole des Beaux Arts de Paris and at the Académie Julian.
Other conditions for which a building may be condemned involve places being boarded, having utilities disconnected or having dangerous materials, methamphetamine making labs or any dangerous locations.
In the 3rd century BC, Rome conquered the area.
It became part of the Roman provinces of Dalmatia, Macedonia and Moesia Superior.
The territory remained under Roman and Byzantine control until the Slavic migrations of the 7th century.
The Bulgarian Empire conquered it in the 9th century.
The historic Darlington Probation Station is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located on Maria Island off the east coast of Tasmania, Australia.
The camp is in the northwest of the island on Darling Bay in Maria Island National Park, where the former Darlington settlement was located.
Since 1825 there was a camp on the island for prisoners who had committed serious crimes.
From 1842 to 1850 it was operated as one of two British penal camps, alongside the Cascades Female Factory, as an education camp.
Among the convicts was the Irish nationalist from the Young Ireland movement William Smith O'Brien, two Khoikhoi and five Maori who were detained there because of national conflicts over borders.
Manga magazines published by Shueisha include the Jump magazine line, which includes shonen magazines Weekly Shōnen Jump, Jump SQ, and V Jump, and seinen magazines Weekly Young Jump, Grand Jump and Ultra Jump.
They also publish other magazines, including Non-no.
Shueisha, along with Shogakukan, owns Viz Media, which publishes manga from all three companies in North America.
(later Lord Leverhulme) on 7 July 1913.
The property, near Rivington Pike on the West Pennine Moors, had a lot of valuable paintings and the attack resulted in damage costing £20,000.
In 1137, Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona accepted King Ramiro II of Aragon's proposal to marry Queen Petronila.
Thus they united the dinasties of the County of Barcelona with the Kingdom of Aragon and they created the Crown of Aragon.
Meanwhile, the County of Barcelona and the other Catalan counties adopted a common polity known as Principality of Catalonia.
Catalonia contributed to the expansion of the Crown's trade and military, most significantly their navy.
The crisis of the 14th century, the end of the reign of House of Barcelona and a civil war (1462–1472) weakened the role of the Principality in Crown and international affairs.
The marriage of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile in 1469 created a dynastic union between the Crowns of Aragon and Castile.
However, both kingdoms kept their own laws, institutions, borders and currency.
In 1492 the Spanish colonization of the Americas began, political power began to shift away towards Castile.
The economic crisis, the peasants' revolt and tensions between Catalan institutions and the Monarchy caused the Reapers' War (1640–1652).
The Principality of Catalonia maintained its political status, but it lost it after the War of Spanish Succession (1701–1714).
Following Catalan surrender on 11 September 1714, the king Philip V of Bourbon, inspired by the model of France, imposed a unifying administration across Spain.
He suppressed the Crown of Aragon and enacted the Nueva Planta decrees, banning the main Catalan political institutions and rights.
These led to the eclipse of Catalan as a language of government and literature.
Catalonia experienced economic growth.
This was reinforced in the late 18th century when Cádiz's trade monopoly with American colonies ended.
The Mitchells vs.
the Machines is a 2021 American science fiction computer-animated comedy movie made by Netflix.
It stars the voices of Abbi Jacobson, Danny McBride, Maya Rudolph, Eric André, Olivia Colman, Fred Armisen, Beck Bennett, John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, Blake Griffin, and Conan O'Brien.
Infratil registered Victoria Electricity in 2002.
It secured an electricity retail licence for the state of Victoria in August 2002.
Victoria Electricity commenced started to sale electricity in February 2004.
In May 2005, Infratil also registered South Australia Electricity and Queensland Electricity, and New South Wales Electricity in August 2006.
In June 2010, Lumo Energy was incorporated as a company and as a business name in each of the four states where it is active.
In July 2011, Lumo Energy partnered with American Express to offer the Lumo Express product, and in September 2011, it partnered with the Velocity Frequent Flyer program to offer the Lumo Velocity product.
There are buses and trolleys in Khimki.
Sheremetyevo International Airport is located in Khimki.
115 of the 231 Satellaview broadcasts were games.
18 of the 231 Satellaview broadcasts were data.
The Jāmiʿ al-tawārīkh (Persian/Arabic: , ) is a work of literature and history, produced in the Mongol Ilkhanate.
Written by Rashid-al-Din Hamadani (1247–1318 AD) at the start of the 14th century, large coverage of the work has caused it to be called the first world history.
It was in three volumes and published in Arabic and Persian versions.
The surviving portions total approximately 400 pages of the original work.
The work describes cultures and major events in world history from China to Europe; in addition, it covers Mongol history, as a way of establishing their cultural legacy.
The early illustrated manuscripts represent one of the most important surviving examples of persian art in any medium, and are the largest surviving body of early examples of the Persian miniature.
Amin was not the first to criticize the society he lived in.
There were many women who did.
The women's press in Egypt started voicing such concerns since its very first issues in 1892.
Egyptian, Turkish, Iranian, Syrian and Lebanese women and men had been reading European feminist magazines even a decade earlier, and discussed their relevance to the Middle East in the general press.
BMUS was founded in 1995 by a group of women.
It was led by Pushpa Chopra.
Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh is registered organization is the only apex body of Women.Now Usha Jha is leading the organisation.
Melon Day is a holiday in Turkmenistan that has happened since 1994, on the second Sunday every August.
It celebrates the Turkmenbashi melon (named after the country's first president's preferred name), a crossbreed muskmelon.
Its smell, taste and big size are praised.
In the capital of Ashgabat, there are a big display of all versions of the fruit and dance and music events.
This calendar was started by King Shalivahana in 78 A.D.
It was also known as Shaka era as it was the tribe that Shalivahana was in.
Historians are confused of whether or not Shalivahana was Shaka himself or conquered Shaka.
The Shaka calendar is both solar and lunar with the lunar month having the same number of months as the Vikram era.
It begins on 22 March every year except in the Gregorian leap year which start on 21 March.
The number of days in the Shaka era is 365.
Coyville is at (37.685436, -95.897147).
The United States Census Bureau shows that the city has a total area of .
All of it is land.
Planes are vehicles that have wings attached and are moved forward by jet engines.
Planes come in many different sizes, shapes and types.
Some planes are for the military, while other planes are used for fun, moving things, and carrying people.
Commercial aviation, or planes that are used to transport paying passengers; carries 4.5 billion people a year.
It has an 8 MP rear and 1.2 MP front cameras.
The rear camera is in operation at f2.4 aperture.
It has an A10 Fusion processor and 2 GB RAM.
Playfire was a website for video game players to help gaming networking.
Playfire helped users to track their in-game awards, achievements and gameplay.
Kieran O'Neill, Sophia Hayes & Ben Phillips opened the company in December 2007.
Playfire was the first website to release a PlayStation gamercard.
It attracted a big number of gamers.
The site brought in an automatic tracking of Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC gameplay in March 2011.
Playfire got £1.3m in funding from investors such as Niklas Zennström (the founder of Skype), Michael Birch (the founder of Bebo), Chris Deering (the former Chairman of SCE), William Reeve (the founder of LOVEFiLM) and others.
Central Philippine University is a non-stock, non-profit Christian Institution of higher learning.
The University is also a member of the Association of Christian Schools, Colleges and Universities (ACSU) and the Association of Christian Universities and Colleges in Asia.
Ping An ranked 7th on the Forbes Global 2000 list and 21st on the Fortune Global 500 list.
During 1962, SWAPO had became the main independence, anti-colonial organisation for the people in Namibia.
SWAPO used guerrilla tactics to fight the colonial South African Defence Force.
A major conflict broke out on 26 of August 1966, when a group of the South African Police and SWAPO forces shot at each other.
This became the start of what became known in South Africa as the Border War.
The neighbouring country of Angola gained its independence on 11 November 1975 during the Portuguese Colonial war.
The leftist Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) came to power as the main party of Angola.
In March 1976, the MPLA offered SWAPO bases in Angola for launching attacks against the South African military.
In 2021 a monkey played Pong using a Neuralinked brain.
Ganeshamangalam is a Village located in Thrissur district of Kerala, India.
It is famous for the Chakkumarassery Sri kumara Ganeshamangalam Temple.
They are well known for eating ants off the ground, something that is different from other woodpeckers.
The stone inscription is in the sacred temple complex of Goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi () in the Konthoujam village.
It is on the south of the National Highway No.
53 in the west of Imphal city.
The stone engaged in this inscription is the sandstone.
The inscription consists of 14 lines of writings in Meitei language (Manipuri language) in archaic Meetei script.
Nela (born in 2005), known also as Nela the Little Reporter (), is a traveler, author of travel books and TV programs aired on National Polish TV TVP ABC.
Heropanti 2 () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language romantic action film directed by Ahmed Khan.
It is the sequel to Heropanti.
The film stars Tiger Shroff, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, and Tara Sutaria.
It is written by Rajat Arora and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under the banner of Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment.
It was released on April 29, 2022.
In 1978 in Italy, Vikramaditya is a world-renowned palmist.
Dubbed as the Einstein of palmistry, he is a disciple of the saint Paramahamsa.
Vikramaditya, who does not believe in relationships, instantly falls for doctor Prerana.
They meet on a train but separate thereafter.
One day, Vikramaditya reads the palm of businessman Anand Rajput.
As Vikramaditya does not predict the future in his favour, Rajput's men chase him which results in his accident.
He admits into Prerana's hospital and is treated there.
After recovering, Vikramaditya proposes Prerana to be in a firtationship with him.
Prerana, however, leaves the town but Vikramaditya follows her all the way.
She accepts and they begin to date each other.
Prerana's uncle, however, asks her not to develop any feelings towards Vikramaditya.
When Vikramaditya and Prerana are traveling on a train, a stranger requests him to read the palm of his daughter, an aspiring archer.
He predicts that she does not have any future in sports, and she should instead focus on education.
Amazed by Vikramaditya's skill, everyone in the coach ask for predictions by showing their palm but Vikramaditya hesitantly gets down along with Prerana.
However, he realizes that everyone on the train is destined to an immediate death.
He chases the train to stop it but in vain.
Later that evening, the train meets an accident, leading to several casualties.
Prerana, who starts to believe in palmistry, asks Vikramaditya to read her palm.
He predicts that she would have a long life with a bright future but she faints immediately with a bleeding nose.
Prerana is admitted to the hospital where her uncle, who is also a doctor, reveals that she is suffering from an incurable tumor and may die within months.
Vikramaditya disagrees since he predicted otherwise but is thrown out of the hospital.
Prerana is now hopeful of her life.
Her uncle, on the other hand, believes Vikramaditya is a fraud and only medicine can change her fate.
He tests Vikramaditya with dead people's palms, and Vikramaditya deduces all of them correctly.
Her uncle changes his mind and trusts Vikramaditya's prediction.
As expected, a cure for Prerana's disease was found.
Filled with happiness, Prerana proposes Vikramaditya.
However, he rejects her saying, he cannot love her as he does not possess a love-line and would be leaving the country soon.
Dejected Prerana attempts to suicide with grief but comes across Vikramaditya's diary.
She learns that Vikramaditya was prepared to sacrifice his life to save her.
Before leaving, Vikramaditya takes Prerana to a ballroom dance as per her wish and the couple spends the night intimately.
Prerana leaves a note in the diary that she'd choose to give up her life instead when such situation arises.
She willingly meets a car accident and is admitted to the hospital.
The Consulate General of the United States in Jerusalem was the diplomatic mission of the United States of America accredited to the Palestinian population of the West Bank (including Jerusalem) and the Gaza Strip.
In May 2018, the United States moved its embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
In mid-October 2018, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that the Consulate General would merge with the US Embassy in Jerusalem and that relations with the Palestinians would be conducted through a special Palestinian affairs unit inside the embassy.
On March 4, 2019, the Consulate General officially ceased operations and merged with the US Embassy in Jerusalem.
The Polk Parkway, also known as Florida State Road 570 (SR 570/FL 570), is a toll road in Polk County, Florida.
It is a part of Florida's Turnpike Enterprise.
The Polk Parkway is a beltway around Lakeland forming a semicircle, with I-4 completing the loop.
I-565 goes through the cities of Decatur, Madison, and downtown Huntsville.
It also provides a route to the Huntsville International Airport.
The interstate forms a part of Appalachian Development Highway System Corridor V.
US 72 Alternate (US 72 Alt).
travels along with I-565 for its entire length.
Interstate 175 (I-175) in St.
Petersburg, Florida, also known as South Bay Drive, is a 1.3-mile-long spur route from Interstate 275 into downtown St.
Petersburg.
It is also designated as the unsigned highway State Road 594.
There is a sibling segment of freeway nearby designated as I-375.
Interstate 375 (I-375) in St.
Petersburg, Florida, also known as North Bay Drive, is a spur route from Interstate 275 into downtown.
It is also designated as the unsigned State Road 592.
There is a sibling segment of freeway nearby that is designated I-175.
Interstate 195 (I-195) is an Interstate highway in the U.S.
state of Maryland.
The highway runs from I-95 in Arbutus east to MD 170 near the Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI Airport) in Linthicum.
I-195, which is also known as Metropolitan Boulevard, is the main connection between the airport and highways leading to Baltimore, Washington, and Annapolis, including I-95, MD 295, and I-97.
Anuradhapura was founded in the 5th century BCE and was the capital of Sri Lanka from the 4th century BCE until the 11th century CE, when invasions from South India forced Arunadhapura.
Arunadhapura was broken and by the Sri Lankan jungle.
In the 19th century, Arunadhapura was returned by the British people and became a Buddhist city.
The return of Arunadhapura began in 1870.
Most of Arunadhapura was moved during the mid-20th century to get the site of the former Sri Lankan capital, is a major road of northern Sri Lanka and lies along a railway line.
Because Arunadhapura is in the Sri Lankan island, the climate is tropical meaning it is hot in Arunadhapura all year.
In October to December, it rains many times in Arunadhapura.
The hottest month in Arunadhapura is July.
Yörüks was settled in the Balkan especially in North Macedonia and the Amuca tribe in East Thrace, a subgroup of the Yörüks, at the time of Ottoman Empire, the yörük move into the Balkan mountains with their herds of sheep, Cows and goats, they live there on the alp called Yayla in Turkish, they make cheese from sheep and goat and cows Milk.
Yörüks have preserved ancient turkish traditions such as Camel wrestling and Turkish Oil Wrestling of Men.
According to some, those tribes residing in the east of the Kızılırmak river are called Turkmen people and those in the west Yörük.
Both terms were used together in Ottoman sources for Dulkadirli Turkmens living in Maraş and its surroundings.
The ethnohistorical terms Turcoman and Turkmen are used synonymously in literature to designate Yörük ancestry.
Today they live mostly in houses in the valleys and plains and have preserved fair hair and a fair complexion, and blue or greyish-blue eyes of their Oghuz ancestors.
They hold many of their Pre-Islamic, old Tengrism culture in Lifestyle, The Boys got a big Sünnet-celebration, and Yörük Festival is hold in Turkey at differet Places.
Robert Runcie (2 October 1921 - 12 July 2000) was an English archbishop.
Now his role is often seen as the distributor of the ball after his side have got possession of the ball.
Mont Toubkal (Berber: ⵜⵓⴳⴳ ⴽⴰⵍ Tugg Kal, also Tizi n Tugg Kal; Arabic: جبل توبقال) is the highest point of the High Atlas as well as Morocco and North Africa with 4,167 m.
It is located 63 km south of Marrakech, in the province of Al Haouz, inside the national park that bears its name.
Summer is the most favorable season because snow and névé are absent but brief and violent thunderstorms can occur.
The normal route of South Ikhibi is the most frequented.
From the top a wide panorama is offered to the gaze rewarding the efforts made.
It dominates the vast expanses of the Atlas and the great South with 50 km to the south-east of Jebel Sirwa and 150 km to the north-east of the vast ridge of Jebel M'Goun.
We can also see the top of Oukaïmden station.
The tourist wave has changed the lives of Berber mountain people living in the neighborhood.
Many inhabitants now work in tourism: mule drivers, guides, owners, cooks, transporters.
The village of Imlil, the last village accessible by road from Asni, and located just a two-day walk north of Toubkal, is a true Moroccan Chamonix.
Two shelters are located at an altitude of 3,200 m, 2 or 3 hours' walk from the summit.
Not far from the summit of Toubkal is another attraction, Lake Ifni, accessible via the Tizi n'Ouanoums pass (3,664 m).
When that gun had been handed to Alec Baldwin, the assistant director said that the weapon was safe to use; [Minutes or seconds] after that, the gun discharged while Baldwin was holding the gun.
Sarkodie, the fourth of five children was born on July 10, 1988.
He was raised in Koforidua before his parents moved to Tema where he started schooling.
He attended Tema Methodist Day Senior High School and proceeded to IPMC, where he earned a degree in graphic design.
Sarkodie began his music career as an underground rapper, participating in Adom FM's popular rap competition Kasahare Level.
He met his former manager Duncan Williams of Duncwills Entertainment while participating in the aforementioned competition.
He also met musicians Edem and Castro, who introduced him to Hammer of The Last Two, an established record producer.
Impressed by his rap flows, Hammer allowed Sarkodie to record two tracks for Edems maiden album Volta Regime.
learning disability, autism or delayed speech.
In 2006, Jay Jeon created Cocomelon as a company that produces children's educational videos on DVDs.
A social deduction game is a type of video game where a few selected players are chosen to trick the other players into thinking they are regular players like them.
The few selected players, or imposters, will sabotage the other players efforts.
The game ends when the imposters have stopped the regular players efforts or if the regular players have completed their objectives/found and eliminated the imposters.
Interstate 110 (I-110) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S.
state of Louisiana.
It runs in a north–south direction as a spur of I-10 in the city of Baton Rouge.
In the Indus Valley Region (i.e.
Pakistan), the Mughals appointed transgender people to positions of power and trust.
Transgender people served as courtiers and councils, giving advice to princes and princesses.
They were familiar with court etiquette and knew the secret workings of Mughal households.
They were domestic insiders.
Having the controls of intelligence officers and the prestige of Royal confidantes, transgender people enjoyed special powers and privileges unavailable even to the most powerful wazirs (ministers) of the Islamic Kingdom.
Transgender people were educated in statecraft and nuances of religion.
This treatment and elevation in the Mughal courts provided a great incentive for non-Muslim transgender people to accept Islamic faith.
In November 2021, she was appointed First Secretary of the Swedish Social Democratic Workers' Party, making her the second woman to lead the party.
On 24 November 2021, the Swedish Parliament elected her as Prime Minister of Sweden.
She assumed office on 30 November 2021.
They are liquids used primarily as a topical antiseptic.
On September 21 or 22, 1989, Hurricane Hugo moved onto shores northeast of Charleston, Folly Beach and Mount Pleasant.
These places were affected by Hugo's weaker winds.
The Washout, a very well known place that people like to visit, was created not long after Hugo entered the area.
Viv Richards (born in 1952) is a former West Indian cricketer.
Richards is from Antigua.
He played for Somerset and the West Indies.
The plot follows a tribe of Himalayan Yeti who come across a human being, with each species thinking the other was just a myth.
Homosexual acts and adultery are criminal and punishable by life imprisonment or death after multiple offenses, and the same sentences apply to convictions for treason and apostasy.
Iran is one of seven countries in the world that apply the death penalty for homosexual acts; all of them justify this punishment with Islamic law.
The Judiciary does not recognize the concept of sexual orientation, and thus from a legal standpoint there are no homosexuals or bisexuals, only heterosexuals committing homosexual acts.
For some years after the Iranian Revolution, transgender people were classified by the Judiciary as being homosexual and were thus subject to the same laws.
However, in the mid-1980s the Judiciary began changing this policy and classifying transgender individuals as a distinct group, separate from homosexuals, granting them legal rights.
Gender dysphoria is officially recognized in Iran today, and the Judiciary permits sexual reassignment surgery for those who can afford it.
In the early 1960s, Ayatollah Khomeini had issued a ruling permitting gender reassignment, which has since been reconfirmed by Ayatollah Khamenei.
Legal and societal discrimination and harassment remained a problem for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex (LGBTI) persons in Jordan.
Jordan is one of the few countries in the Middle East where homosexuality is legal, provided that it occurs in private, does not involve prostitution, and only involves consenting adults.
Mr.
Swackhammer is an main antagonist of the 1996 film Space Jam.
The legal status of same-sex marriage may have implications for the marriages of couples in which one or both parties are transgender, depending on how sex is defined within a jurisdiction.
Transgender and intersex individuals may be prohibited from marrying partners of the opposite sex or permitted to marry partners of the same sex due to legal distinctions.
In any legal jurisdiction where marriages are defined without distinction of a requirement of a male and female, these complications do not occur.
In addition, some legal jurisdictions recognize a legal and official change of gender, which would allow a transgender male or female to be legally married in accordance with an adopted gender identity.
As a result of Sharia, LGBT people are killed in attacks.
The government does not protect its gay citizens from violence.
Human rights in Israel has been evaluated by intergovernmental organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and human rights activists.
They are checked often in the context of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, the wider Arab–Israeli conflict and Israel internal politics.
A national gay rights law bans some anti-gay discrimination, including in employment; some exemptions are made for religious organizations.
In the past, military service of homosexuals was subject to certain restrictions.
These restrictions were lifted in 1993, allowing homosexuals to serve openly in all units of the army.
Human rights in India is a hard issue in the nation.
In its ruling to allow homosexuality, the Delhi High Court noted that existed law conflicted with the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution of India, and such ban violates Articles 21, 14 and 15 of the Constitution.
On 6 September 2018, a five judge constitutional bench of the Supreme Court of India, in a landmark judgement, allowed homosexuality.
Freedom of religion is generally observed, with some limitations.
According to the spokesman for the Moroccan government, the Kingdom does guarantee not only freedom of worship, but also the building of places of worship for Christians and Jews as well as performing their rituals freely and respectfully..
It is illegal to proselytize for religions other than Islam (article 220 of the Penal Code, 15 years' imprisonment).
Erin Madison: Erin Madison is the female protagonist of The Misadventures of Max Crumbly.
She is mentioned in one of Nikki’s blogs.
Erin Madison is one of the most popular girls at South Ridge Middle School, being that she is highly intelligent and headstrong.
Despite her popularity, Erin seems to show genuine concern and is kind towards Max Crumbly.
She is very well-spoken and speaks her mind no matter what others think.
Max Crumbly has a crush on her but it is still unknown whether she returns those same feelings.
Doug Thug Thurston also has a crush on her, but she is not impressed by him at all.
Dinkelscherben (Swabian: Dinggelscherba) is a municipality in the district of Augsburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Big Shot is the 16th book in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series by Jeff Kinney.
It was released on October 26, 2021.
The story follows Greg Heffley as he reluctantly signs up for basketball.
Frans Van den Eynde (5 April 1923 – 2 November 2021) was a Belgian politician.
The fort was built of large black stones and was a formidable defense in its time.
This fort is rectangular in shape with main entrance facing east side.
On the eastern bank of the Wardha, the land fort built here is a class with walls and towers.
There are two intact doors set on each other's right angle.
There is also a small entrance on the edge of the river.
The walls of the fort are still intact, but all the old buildings are in total ruins.
Many parts of this pillar are still safe inside the earth.
There are undiscovered tunnels in the fort walls.
Crashbox is a Canadian/American television series for children.
It was broadcast in the United States and Canada.
The series teaches children about math, history, vocabulary and other subjects It was made between 1998 and 1999.
The series aired during the relaunch of the HBO Family channel from February 1999 to April 2000.
There has been no VHS or DVD releases for the series but it is available on streaming serivces in 2022.
Raja Perempuan Besar Tengku Budriah binti Almarhum Tengku Ismail (28 March 1925-28 November 2008) was the Raja Perempuan of Perlis and the third Raja Permaisuri Agong of Malaysia.
who destroys his former employer with Snide (who was split from Heckyl) before Sledge betrays him and let the Rangers destroyed Snide too and takes back leadership of his crew.
The film focuses on Rocky, who lives in poverty, but grows up to be a high-ranking gangster in Mumbai.
Later, reformed, he poses as a slave-laborer in the Narachi Company (Kolar Gold Fields), aiming to assassinate the cult's future heir, Garuda.
The film's development began in early 2015, after Neel finished writing the screenplay.
Filming began two years later, on 15 January 2017.
Most of the film is set in the Kolar Gold Fields and was filmed in locales such as Kolar, Mysore, and parts of North Karnataka.
The film's production was completed on 17 August 2018.
Bhuvan Gowda handled the cinematography and Srikanth Gowda edited the film.
Composer Ravi Basrur scored the film.
Major General Twan Mrat Naing, also spelled Tun Myat Naing (), is the commander in chief of the Arakan Army, armed organization of Arakan State.
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings.
Creußen is a town in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria, Germany.
It is on the Red Main river, 13 km southeast of Bayreuth.
Eckersdorf became a municipality in 1978 due to municipal reform.
According to the local government, there are currently 22 official districts within the municipality.
Warmensteinach is a municipality in the district of Bayreuth in Bavaria in Germany.
Manchester Victoria Railway station is One Manchester's Railway stations around Manchester.
It holds between Rochdale Manchester Airport Salford Crescent Liverpool & more.
In 2019 InstaShop has gone from being a Grocery Delivery App to delivering multiple types of products, reaching more than 500,000 users during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Eugenio Conti is an Italian painter.
Later in 1874 he lived between Milan in Crema and married his cousin Zoe Fontana, with whom he had four children, discovering the village of Lierna on Lake Como thanks to a family of high nobility, where he would then spend many years in holiday, finding in that environment the inspiration for numerous works.
In 1901 he was appointed honorary member of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera.
The art movement, the Danube school of painting started with a [group of, or a] circle of artists during the first third of the 16th century in Bavaria and Austria, including Albrecht Altdorfer, Wolf Huber and Augustin Hirschvogel.
With Altdorfer at the front, the movement made the first examples of independent landscape art in the West (nearly 1,000 years after China), in both paintings and prints.
Their religious paintings had an expressionist style somewhat similar to Grünewald's.
Dürer's pupils Hans Burgkmair and Hans Baldung Grien worked largely in prints, and Baldung kept working on the subject of witches, in a number of prints.
The trends in Germany, of art after World War II can be divided into Socialist realism in the DDR (communist East Germany), and in West Germany a variety of movements including Neo-expressionism and Conceptualism.
Near the end of the season's production cycle, a third season was ordered, which entered production as season 2 was wrapping up.
Reisbach is a market town in Bavaria.
It is on the Vils River, and belongs to the administrative region of Lower Bavaria.
Lakeshore West is the line that is left of the Union Station.
Lakeshore East goes to the town Aldershot which is in Burlington, which is a common express area where lots of other trains go to such as the train that goes across the entire country, VIA Rail.
Via Rail goes to Union Station just like GO Trains except it goes to the different provinces and their cities.
Before the line is finished in Union, the station before is called Exhibition which is in Toronto.
Its status is unknown, since the EDSA Revolution began in 1986 that forced Marcos to resign from power.
Imelda Marcos used to have one seat for the party in the House of Representatives, until 2019.
Together with André Chapuy and Louis Le Breton he was the author of numerous series of views of the places they considered the most beautiful in the world.
Lloyd was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Ann Storrs Lloyd and Edward B.
Lloyd of Southport, Connecticut.
His father was an architect.
In Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel, the heroine teens find themselves face-to-face with an old enemy when they discover the Madame Odius is still alive and is more determined than ever to steal the Ninja Nexus Prism and revive its powers for her life and she is a power ranger farious purposes with the assistance of Badonna, Brax, and General Tynamon.
Now it is up to the Rangers and some unexpected help from new friends to use the power of teamwork to protect the Prism, defeat Madame Odius, and save the world.
Erding is around 31 kilometers northeast of central Munich, about a 30-minute drive by car.
Bruto Mazzolani was the son and pupil of Giuseppe Mazzolani, collaborator of Raffaele Casnedi, then went to Bologna to study at the Clementina Academy (Accademia di Belle Arti di Bologna), becoming a pupil of Domenico Ferri.
After studying in Paris, Falkeisen went to Milan to further his career as an artist and worked under Giovanni Migliara (1785-1837) and Louis Cherbuin (1810-1875) until 1838.
The Falkeisen family bought the factory, together with Tasciyan, an Armenian dragoman from the British Embassy, from a French entrepreneur called M.
Glaizal, who had started the enterprise in 1837.
The Falkeisen factory was the first steam-powered silk-spinning factory in Bursa and manufactured silk thread.
Gräfenberg is in the southern part of Little Switzerland.
The town is characterised by a great range of elevation (from 400 to 550 metres).
Höchstadt an der Aisch, commonly known as Höchstadt (), is a town in the Erlangen-Höchstadt district, in Bavaria, Germany.
The Chivalric Order of the House of Savoy, the Dynasty of the Kings of Italy and one of the oldest dynasties in Europe, was founded in the small and ancient medieval church of the Castle of Lierna, called the Church of San Maurizio and Lazzaro, initially San Maurizio (St.
Moritz) in 1572 by King Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy.
Only here could the Knights of the Kingdom of Italy be baptized and obtain the title of Knight of the Kingdom.
For over 500 years there have been several families of international noble origins linked to Lierna, or who own properties here.
On the sides of the entrance door are painted the effigies of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro, dating back to the seventeenth century, and an oil altarpiece, also from that period, which represents a Christ with Martha and Magdalene, while above the altar there is a wooden statue depicting San Maurizio.
It was designed to perform its functions even during sieges, which is why the apse faces the lake as a protective bastion and access is within the castle walls.
Lierna Lake Como was the place of residence of the Empress Theodolinda, who built the Castle of Lierna, on the basis of a dwelling dating back to Ancient Rome, and would have lived there in the Lombard period, even after she was widowed by both Auteri and Agilufo.
The queen of Italy Adelaide was secretly locked up in the castle of Lierna da Berengario to convince her to marry him.
She was eventually freed by the monk Martino da Bellagio, and she was married in Germany to Emperor Otto I of Saxony, but she returned to the Castle Church of Lierna for a second wedding blessing ceremony.
Queen Adelaide then continued to frequent Lierna in Italy also in the following eleven years with her husband who became Emperor of Rome.
The whole castle with the Church of the Lierna Castle, are conceived as a defensive military fortress, and the foundations date back to ancient Rome, scholars have recognized in the plan of the area of ​​the Church and of the Castle of Lierna a plan of Roman colonists with a measure of sixteen square feet divided into sixteen lots.
Amedeo VIII of Savoy established the Order of San Maurizio in the small church of the Lierna Castle in 1934, suppressed in 1439.
In 1572 Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy, known as the Iron Head, re-founded the Chivalric Order of San Maurizio in the Church of the Castle of Lierna, and with the Papal Bull of Pope Gregory XIII he obtained the refoundation of the Order to which a few months later the hospital order of San Lazzaro di Capua was also joined.
The small church of the Lierna Castle thus took the name of the Church of Saints Maurice and Lazarus.
The royals of various European countries in addition to the Savoy family, periodically go to the small church of the Lierna Castle on Lake Como in secret.
As soon as visitors enter through a subway automatic ticket gate, they see an exhibit on the relationship between the city and the subway over the years.
They also see the reconstruction of the Ueno station, as it is in 1927.
Irina Aleksandrovna Tyulina (Russian: Ири́на Алекса́ндровна Тю́лина; 3 February 1922 – 29 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian historian of science.
She is a recipient of the Medal For Courage (Russia) and the Order of the Patriotic War.
Zolling is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Freising.
Tarzan Boy is the debut single song by Italian-based act band Baltimora.
The song was written by Maurizio Bassi and Naimy Hackett, and released in 1985 as the lead single from Baltimora's debut album Living in the Background.
The song was re-recorded remix and released in 1993, and has been covered by numerous artists such as Modern Romance in 1986, Massimo Noe as Jungle Boy, etc.
He participated in the Brera exhibitions of 1833, 1835 and 1837.
Sudip Roy Barman is an Indian politician from Tripura.
He is a member of Indian National Congress.
He is the current MLA of Agartala constituency which he has held since 1998 by winning in six elections consecutively by handsome margins.
Approximately 200 units of blood have been donated by Pradesh Youth Congress Committee.
It was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) together with the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union.
Bulgaria was closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, being part of Comecon and member of the Warsaw Pact.
The Bulgarian resistance movement during World War II deposed the Kingdom of Bulgaria administration in the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 which ended the country's alliance with the Axis powers and led to the People's Republic in 1946.
After a new energy and transportation infrastructure was made, by 1960 manufacturing became the dominant sector of the economy and Bulgaria became a major exporter of household goods and later of computer technologies.
It earned the nickname of Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc.
The country's high productivity levels and high scores for social development made it a model for other socialist countries' policies.
The Lion of Al-lāt (Arabic أسد اللات) is an old statue.
It is a decoration of the Temple of Al-Lat in Palmyra, Syria.
On 27 June 2015, it was badly damaged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
The damage took place after the ISIL had captured Palmyra.
The statue was kept at the National Museum of Damascus for repairing.
Presently, it is standing again.
An important part of the festival celebration is Moon worship.
The ancient Chinese people believed in renewing associated with the Moon and water.
This concept is related to the menstruation of women.
So, they called it monthly water.
Scholars who do not think CRT is good say that CRT acts as if storytelling is more important than evidence and logic, that it does not treat truth and merit as important enough, and that it does not value liberalism enough.
Cavaco Silva served as Prime Minister for ten years, instituting major economic liberalisation and winning two landslide victories.
After he stepped down, the PSD lost the 1995 election.
The party was returned to power under José Manuel Durão Barroso in 2002, but was defeated in the 2005 election.
The party was able to return to power after the 2011 elections and four years later was able to win a plurality in the 2015 legislative election, winning 107 seats in the Assembly of the Republic in alliance with the CDS – People's Party, but being unable to form a minority government.
The current leader, Rui Rio, a centrist, was elected on 13 January 2018.
The coat of arms of the WUPR was azure, a golden lion rampant on a field of blue.
The colours of the flag were blue and yellow.
Benjamin Böckle (born 17 June 2002) is an Austrian footballer.
He plays as a defender for 2.
Liga club FC Liefering.
He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with FC Lauterach.
In February 2016 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy.
In the 2020-21 season he came to FC Liefering.
His debut was in September 2020, he came in for Samuel Major against SK Rapid Wien II.
Lukas Wallner (born 26 April 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a defender for 2.
Liga club FC Liefering.
He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
The Kingdom of Portugal (, ) was a monarchy on the western part of Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of the modern Portuguese Republic.
During the 15th and 16th century, Portuguese exploration established a vast colonial empire.
From 1580 to 1640, the Kingdom of Portugal was in personal union with Habsburg Spain.
Roko Šimić played in all Croatian youth teams.
At the moment he plays for the U21 team.
Roko is the son of Dario Šimić, a former Croatian footballer.
He was born in Milan, Italy where his father playedd for AC Milan.
He has three brothers, Viktor, Nikolas and David.
David suffers from Down syndrome.
The Czechoslovak koruna (in Czech and Slovak: koruna československá, at times koruna česko-slovenská was the currency of Czechoslovakia from 10 April 1919 to 14 March 1939, and from 1 November 1945 to 7 February 1993.
The prince-regent of Portugal, Pedro, the future King Peter II of Portugal, in the name of his incapacitated brother, Afonso VI, represented Portugal.
José Maria Veloso Salgado (2 April 1864 22 July 1945) was a Galician-born Portuguese artist.
He is regarded as one of the country's foremost masters of Naturalism with many distinguished works in historical painting, landscapes, and portraits.
Southwest Papua () is a province of Indonesia.
It was created on 8 December 2022 as a split from West Papua.
The Governor of West Papua, Dominggus Mandacan has stated that Southwest Papua is ready to be made a new province.
According to the expectations of the people of the Sorong Raya region because the expansion of the new autonomous regions of Southwest Papua is to shorten service distances and encourage development for the welfare of the community.
Samson Baidoo (born 31 March 2004 in Graz) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
The Nueva Planta decrees (, ) were a number of decrees signed between 1707 and 1716 by Philip V, the first Bourbon king of Spain, during and shortly after the end of the War of the Spanish Succession by the Treaty of Utrecht.
Amounts in escudos were written as with the as the decimal separator (for example: means , means ).
Because of the conversion rate of 1000 = , three decimal places were initially used ( = ).
Domingos António de Sequeira (Lisbon; 10 March 1768Rome; 8 March 1837) was a famous Portuguese painter at the Royal Court of King John VI of Portugal.
The Continental A-40 is an aircraft engine made by Continental Motors and is especially made for light aircraft.
John Joseph of Austria or John of Austria (the Younger) () (7 April 162917 September 1679) was a Spanish general and political figure.
He was the only illegitimate son of Philip IV of Spain to be acknowledged by the King and trained for military command and political administration.
Don John advanced the causes of the Spanish Crown militarily and diplomatically at Naples, Sicily, Catalonia, the Netherlands, Portugal, Dunkirk and other fronts.
He was the governor of the Southern Netherlands from 1656 to 1659.
He remained a popular hero even as the fortunes of Imperial Spain began to decline.
His feuds with his father's widow, Queen Mariana, led to a 1677 palace coup through which he exiled Mariana and took control of the monarchy of his half-brother Charles II of Spain.
However, he proved far from the savior Spain had hoped he would be.
He remained in power until his death in 1679.
Maurits Kjaergaard (born 26 June 2003) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and for FC Liefering in the 2nd Austrian league.
He started his career with Lyngby BK.
2019 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In the beginning he played for the feeder club FC Liefering.
He made his debut for Liefering in August 2019 versus SV Horn when he came in for Jung-Min Kim in minute 64.
Kjaergaard played for Denmarks U16, U17, U19 and U21.
The Arup S-2 is an aircraft that is made by Arup in 1933 and has a wing named the low aspect ratio wing.
Arthur Moeller van den Bruck was a German historian.
In 1905 he published a cultural history of Germany in eight volumes.
During World War I he was in a foreign affairs section of the German Army.
in 1923 he published a book called Das Dritte Reich which influenced various right-wing politicians in Germany, including Adolph Hitler.
He thought Hitler could not become important and the political hope of the future was Benito Mussolini.
Van den Bruck committed suicide in 1925.
The Assembly of the Republic granted it official recognition alongside Portuguese for local matters on 17 September 1998 with the law 7/99 of 29 January 1999.
In 2001, Mirandese was officially recognised by the European Bureau for Lesser-Used Languages, which aims to promote the survival of the least spoken European languages.
Fuorigrotta Outside the grotto) is a western suburb of Naples, southern Italy.
The oldest tunnel is a Roman one, the Crypta Neapolitana, connecting Fuorigrotta with Piedigrotta.
In Roman times, it connected Naples to the road that led to Pozzuoli and to area of the Campi Flegrei.
Fuorigrotta has been a rural district until the Fascist era.
The urban asset of the area was radically changed by the Fascist government since 1936, first by building the viale Augusto and by locating in the area the Mostra d'Oltremare (one of the most important Italian fair ground) and then by the construction of the Santa Maria Immacolata church.
The 3Xtrim 3X55 Trener is an ultralight aircraft made in Poland in 1996 and made a total of 60 aircraft.
It's designed by Adam Kurbiel and has a Rotax 912 engine.
The Alcova Tragica painting represents a female figure with a naked body with sinuous features and a twisted shape.
Under the right breast a hand, from which flows a blue-silver veil, he with the bowed head meets the fiery red hair, which covers the eyes of this majestic and fatal creature in the dark fatally.
A being, in the presence of this impassive woman, raises his hands in an act of prayer.
Under your feet, other men.
Former victims, once devoured, and now in agony ready to die.
But even if they are torn apart, they come back, as if bewitched, to beg her for a last kiss.
And little by little, they partially converge on this amazing backdrop.
In 1419, Madhavgarh's Rajkumar Bala was banished by his father Maharaj Parikshitap for trying to kill him to become king.
His servant Pehla Pasta took him to Sitamgarh (then a kingdom) whose king Surya Singh Rana wanted grooms for his daughters.
Bala planned to marry the eldest Madhu to become Maharaj and meets Bangdu, an effeminate dance teacher who's dating the second daughter Mala.
Meena, the youngest loves her brave bodyguard Dharamputra.
Bala helps them to be together and also they get him and Madhu united.
The plan works as Surya announces their weddings, but his nephew Suryabhan who wants the throne kills Sitamgarh's enemy clan leader and frames the couples for it.
The leader's brother Gama fights for revenge.
Bala realizes he truly loves Madhu.
The wedding mandap collapses and kills the couples and Gama.
Tall tales are stories with elements that make no sense that are told as if they were true.
Some tall tales are exaggerations of true events, however.
Others can be made up entirely, and set in a setting that makes sense to the reader.
Tall tales are seen many times in American folklore.
Johnny Appleseed is a tall tale, with a man who travels the American West planting apple trees.
There are many more American tall tales of a similar nature, involving real people being exaggerated.
However, there are also some made up tall tales, such as the story of Pecos Bill, a story about a made up person that could not possibly be true, even if the exaggeration was taken away.
There is also a tall tale about Aylatt C.
Buckner, a Native American fighter in colonial Texas.
Ibertsberger played for an Austrian under-16 national team for the first time in September 2018.
In September 2019 he made two matches in the U-17 team in an international doubles match against Switzerland.
In June 2021b he played against Italy bfor the U-18 team.He made his U-21 debut against Turkey in November 2022.
He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.
The Way the Dragon is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts action-comedy film written, co-produced and directed by Bruce Lee, who also stars in the lead role.
The film co-stars Bruce Lee, Nora Miao, Riccardo Billi (also co-execitive ), Paul Wei, Huang Chung-hsin, Tony Liu, Unicorn Chan, Chuck Norris, Malisa Longo, Robert Wall, Hwang In-shik, Jon T.
Benn.
Langenzenn is a town in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany.
It is 15 km west of Fürth.
The Egyptians Act 1530 and Egyptian Act of 1554 expelled Roma people from England.
10,000 thousand expelled Roma people went to the Ottoman Empire and became Muslims.
Aidhausen is in the Main-Rhön region.
Eltmann () is a town of 5256 residents (in Haßberge, Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany.
It is on the south bank of the Main river, west of Bamberg.
It is made up of the town proper, and its distant districts, Dippach, Eschenbach, Limbach, Lembach, Roßstadt, and Weissbrunn, as well as an industrial district.
Eltmann is within the Naturpark Steigerwald.
The draw for the first round was held on 17 April 2019 at 11:00 MST (), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
North Korea withdrew from the qualifying round because of COVID-19 concerns.
The inter-confederation play-off was determined by a draw held on 26 November 2021.
The fifth-placed team from AFC was drawn against the fifth-placed team from CONMEBOL.
The play-off is scheduled to be played as a single match in Qatar on 13 or 14 June 2022.
Google Maps Navigation is a mobile application developed by Google for the Android and iOS operating systems that was later integrated into the Google Maps mobile app.
The application uses an Internet connection to a GPS navigation system to provide turn-by-turn voice-guided instructions on how to arrive at a given destination.
On the first, he will make a large profit, and it gives the reason.
Note: Bolded teams qualified for the second round.
The first legs were played on 6–7 June, and the second legs on 11 June 2019.
Staley went to high school at Dobbins Tech High school.
She led them to 3 league championships.
She won high school player of the year as a senior.
She decided to go to University of Virginia because she could play immediately and for their reputation for developing point guards.
She was one of six children the first person in her family to go to college.
Crystal Wahpepah is an indigenous American chef.
She was the first indigenous chef on the cooking program Chopped.
Wahpepah has a Native American woman owned catering business.
She opened her own restaurant with to reclaim Native American cuisine.
She received the Indigenous Artist Activist Award.
Raphael Hofer (born 14 February 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for Liefering.
He also played for the U19 of FC Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.
Trogen is in between hills in a valley.
Wein learned to fly airplanes at the Scottish Aero Club in 2003.
She was 37.
Many of her novels include people who fly airplanes.
Enka is a type of music from Japan that resembles traditional Japanese music.
Modern Enka is a more recent form, but more traditional in style.
All times are (UTC+9), the time used in South Korea.
The origins of Ahidus are unknown because of the lack of research studies.
Ahidus is believed to be originated from the Berber tribe of Zenata.
The township has 22 districts Arresting, Bad Gögging, Deisenhofen, Eining, Geibenstetten, Haderfleck, Heiligenstadt, Hienheim, Irnsing, Irnsing-Steinbruch, Karpfenstein, Lina, Marching, Mauern, Mulhouse, Niederulrain, Oberulrain, Schwaig, Sittling, Umbertshausen and Wöhr .
The area heavily dominated by agriculture; asparagus and in particular hops play a special role.
Grupo Clarín S.A.
(English: Clarin Group) is the largest media conglomerate in Argentina.
Uttarakhand Fire department came into existence with the formation of Uttarakhand state i.e.
on 9 November 2000.
Earlier it has 22 fire stations.
Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey is a 2000 documentary on the martial artist Bruce Lee.
It includes the original footage of his incomplete movie The Game of Death (1972).
Bryan Ikemefuna Okoh (born 16 May 2003) is a Swiss professional footballer.
He plays as centre back for 2.
Liga club Liefering and for the UEFA Youth League team of FC Salzburg.
He is born in the United States but plays for the Switzerland U21 national team.
It provides access from the Cultural Center of the Philippines Complex (CCP Complex) and Roxas Boulevard north to the shopping and lifestyle hub by the Manila Bay in Pasay.
Motorists tend to use the highway as the less congested alternative route from Manila to the Bay City vis-à-vis its parallel partner road in Macapagal Boulevard.
It also connects to Entertainment City further south in Parañaque, and unlike Macapagal Boulevard is situated along the coastline overlooking the Manila Bay.
Jose Diokno Boulevard starts at the intersection with Roxas Boulevard by the World Trade Center Metro Manila as a direct continuation of Gil Puyat Avenue from Pasay and Makati.
It travels westward for between the CCP Complex to the north and World Trade Center Manila to the south, crossing the northern end of Macapagal Boulevard before curving south past the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) Complex.
The Libertad Bridge carries the boulevard across the Libertad Channel.
It connects the CCP and GSIS complexes with the SM Central Business Park.
This is where it becomes a north–south road running for across the SM Mall of Asia complex.
This section of the boulevard is dominated by a roundabout with a large globe in the middle.
It serves as the terminus to Epifanio de los Santos Avenue.
Mamady Diambou (born 11 November 2002) is a Malian footballer.
He plays as a midfielder for 2.
Liga club Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.
The game was nominated for Best PC Game in Destructoids Game of the Year Awards 2017, and for Best Platformer in IGN's Best of 2017 Awards.
It won the award for Best Platformer in PC Gamers 2017 Game of the Year Awards.
Polygon later named the game among the decade's best.
Sportverein Lafnitz is an Austrian association football club from Lafnitz in Styria.
They play in the 2.
Liga of Austria .
They were promoted in 2018.
The coulors are blue and yellow.
Shona Manson, one of the passengers on Flight 6780 said: I'm not scared of flying, but it was very, very rough.
If it were someone who is afraid of flying, it would be their worst nightmare.
She also related that after landing, the captain came out of the cabin, looking a bit shaken, to speak to the passengers noting that the incident could have been much worse.
Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is an annual international women's polo tournament in Imphal, Manipur.
It is organized in the Imphal Polo Ground (Mapal Kangjeibung) , the oldest pologround in the world.
It is the first and the only international women's polo tournament ever organized in India.
Christian Ilzer (born 21 October 1977) is a former Austrian football player and now manager of Sturm Graz.
Pacult started his career at Floridsdorfer AC before turning professional with Wiener Sportklub.
His next team was the Austrian top club Rapid Wien.
With the team he played in the UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final in 1985 against Everton.
He moved on to Swarowski Tirol and won two league titles with FC Tirol Innsbruck.
With Tirol he was top goal scorer in the 1990–91 European Cup alongside Jean-Pierre Papin.
In 1993 he went to TSV 1860 Munich.
His last club was the other big Vienna club FK Austria Wien in 1996.
He made his debut for Austria in October 1982 against Northern Ireland.
He was not part of the squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
He played 24 matches and scored one goal.
In November he played his last match against Sweden.
Pacult was head coach of 1860 Munich II from April 2001 to June 2001, after one year with FC Kärnten and Dynamo Dresden he became coach of Rapid Wien from 2006 till 2011.
In this time fell the last title Rapid reached (2008).
In 2011 he went on to RB Leipzig for one year.
After short time with Dynamo Dresden and Floridsdorfer AC he spent the next years with clubs from former Yugoslavia.
In 2020 he became coach of SK Austria Klagenfurt and was promoted with his team to Austrian Bundesliga.
Russ started with FC Langenwang and later moved on to Kapfenberger SV.
He also played for First Vienna FC, FC Swarovski Tirol and LASK Linz.
He finished his career at SC Schwanenstadt.
As player he played for SV Austria Salzburg, A.C.
Venezia, SK Sturm Graz, FC Tirol Innsbruck and SC Untersiebenbrunn.
He also played eight matches for the Austrian national football team.
Note: This is the first season produced in high definition, according to Cineflix.
Thomas Silberberger (born 3 June 1973) is a former Austrian footballer.
He played as midfielder.
Now he is football manager of WSG Tirol.
Andreas Wieland (born 16 August 1983) is a former Austrian footballer.
He played as forward.
Now he is football manager of K Beerschot VA.
Wieland played in different clubs in Austrias lower leagues.
His highest engagement was with SC Siebenbrunn in the Second League.
Sarah Puntigam (born 13 October 1992) is an Austrian footballer.
She plays as a midfielder for French Division 1 Féminine club Montpellier and the Austria national team.
She started her career with USV Gnas, then she went on to DFC LUV Graz.
The next steps were Bayern Munich II,Bayern Munich, SC Kriens and SC Freiburg in Germany.
2018 she went on to Montpellier in France.
Puntigam made her international debut on 4 March 2009 in a 2–1 win against Wales.
She scored her first two goals with Austria in a 6–0 win against Faroe Islands on 3 March 2010.
Enrico Bombieri (born 26 November 1940) is an Italian mathematician.
He is known for his work in analytic number theory, Diophantine geometry, complex analysis, and group theory.
Bombieri is a professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
Dyan Mazurana is a humanitarian activist and researcher.
She is professor at Tufts University.
Nancy Ingram Nooter (born Nancy Ingram November 30, 1927 – February 4, 2020) was an American curator, and artist.
From 1975 to 1980, she worked at the National Museum of African Art.
The Bad Guys is a book series of graphic novels written by Aaron B.
The Bad Guys had its world premiere at the Ace Hotel Los Angeles on April 12, 2022.
It began its theatrical release in several international markets, starting on March 16, 2022 in Israel.
It was later released in the United States on April 22 and received positive reviews from critics.
In this game, you cannot build, mine, and jump.
This game focuses on attacking mobs.
An object called the Orb of Dominance is a pink circled object which sounds like an enderman.
This ender object was from the End dimension, and created monsters and bosses.
Players explore an open world with lots of dungeons containing monsters, bosses, blocks, puzzles, and secret areas in the game.
This game player limit is 4 players, and has an online game.
Admiral Sir James Stirling (28 January 179122 April 1865) was a Scottish naval officer.
He is also reponsible for the creation of the Swan River Colony.
He was the first Governor of Western Australia.
In 1854, as Commander-in-Chief of theEast Indies and China Station, Stirling signed Britain's first Anglo-Japanese Friendship Treaty.
Stirling showed diplomatic skill and was selected for many important missions.
Stirling also led the attack in Western Australia on a group of about seventy Bindjareb men, women and children.
This is now known as the Pinjarra massacre.
Maria Anspach (22 April 1933 in Berlin - 3 February 2021 in Siegen) was a German writer, cabaret artist and journalist.
She won the 2002 Vo:pa, Literature Prize of the Volksbank Siegerland.
Parent was president of United Auto Workers Local 195 in Windsor, Ontario in the 1940s, and a supporter of the Communist Party of Canada, which at the time was known as the Labor-Progressive Party.
In the 1945 Ontario general election, Parent was nominated by the UAW-CIO as one of three Labour candidates in the election.
Parent ran in Essex North, George Burt, the UAW's Canadian director, ran in Windsor-Walkerville and Windsor mayor Arthur Reaume ran in Windsor—Sandwich.
All three were jointly nominated by the Communist Labor-Progressive Party and the Ontario Liberal Party and ran as Liberal-Labour candidates and targeted ridings held by the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation.
Parent did not run in the 1948 Ontario general election, and his riding was re-taken by the CCF.
Municipal elections were held in Toronto, Canada, on January 2, 1888.
Edward Frederick Clarke, a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, defeated Alderman Elias Rogers, owner of a well-known coal and home heating company, and Daniel Defoe, a lawyer and former alderman.
Municipal elections were held in Toronto, Canada, on January 7, 1889.
Edward Frederick Clarke, was re-elected to a second term as Mayor of Toronto without anyone running against him.
A referendum was held on a by-law to fund a hospital to care for alcoholics.
The proposal was defeated.
During 1889, Parkdale joined the city of Toronto and was added to the municipal ward map as St.
Alban's Ward, beginning March 31, 1889.
Booth, Lennox, and Gowanlock were elected as aldermen for the new ward.
In the 1908 Toronto municipal election, held January 1, 1908, former alderman Joseph Oliver was elected Mayor of Toronto in an open contest after incumbent Emerson Coatsworth decided not to seek a third term.
Oliver defeated former alderman and future mayor George Reginald Geary (also a future Conservative Member of Parliament), former Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario Dr.
Beattie Nesbitt, socialist and future mayor James Simpson and former school trustee and hardware merchant Miles Vokes, in the election.
Oliver's majority of almost 7,000 votes was the largest ever recorded up to that time in a Toronto mayoral election.
A referendum was also held which approved the creation of a publicly-owned utility, the Toronto Hydro-Electric corporation, to replace a series of privately-owned power companies, and to also put into public ownership two private interurban radial streetcar companies, the Toronto Suburban Railway and the Toronto Eastern Railway (despite this, the streetcar companies remained privately owned).
Three alderman were elected to sit on Toronto City Council in each of six wards.
Three alderman were elected to sit on Toronto City Council in each of six wards.
A plebiscite was held on a by-law granting $50,000 towards the creation of a sanatorium for the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis.
TSV St.
Johann is an Austrian football club from St Johann im Pongau, a town in the state of Salzburg.
They play in the Regionalliga Salzburg, the third level of Austrian football.
The World Set Free is a 1913 science fiction novel by H.
G.
Wells.
It was published in 1914.
The book is based on a prediction of a more destructive weapon than the world has yet seen.
It had appeared first in serialised form with a different ending as A Prophetic Trilogy.
That form was made up of three books: A Trap to Catch the Sun, The Last War in the World and The World Set Free.
George Ernest (Ernie) Jackson (1921 - January 20, 1995) was an insurance executive, member of the Ontario legislature (1955-1959) and senior political advisor to Ontario Premier John Robarts in the 1960s as well as a senior political strategist in the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party during Robarts's leadership.
Schmid played for Austria Wien from 1989 to 2002 and LASK Linz from 2002 to 2003.
Robin Dutt (born 24 January 1965) is a German football coach, executive and former player.
He is the manager of Austrian club Wolfsberger AC.
As player he played for different amateur clubs in Germany.
Alaska Airlines Flight 261 was an international passenger flight from Puerto Vallarta to a stopover in San Francisco International Airport, to its destination in Seattle–Tacoma International Airport which suffered a serious mechanical failure on January 31, 2000, while flying over the Pacific Ocean, 4.3 km north of Anacapa Island in California.
The two pilots, three flight attendants and the eighty-three passengers on board were killed.
Himmelstadt is in the Würzburg Region.
Karbach is in the Würzburg Region.
Karsbach is in the Würzburg Region.
The National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) (Amharic: ብሔራዊ መረጃና ደህንነት አገልግሎት) is part of the government of Ethiopia.
It is an intelligence agency.
It finds information and gives it to other parts of the government.
It looks for information that affects the whole country.
It is a federal agency, part of the main government.
That means it must works with state-level agencies, the Ethiopian National Defense Forces, and the Federal Police Commision.
It began in 2013.
It is part of the Ministry of Peace.
1.
SSK 1919 is a football club from Salzburg.
It was founded 1919 and is the second oldest football club in Salzburg.
Benjamin Šeško (born 31 May 2003) is a Slovenian professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Slovenia national team.
He played his first match with Red Bull Salzburg in a 3–0 Austrian Football Bundesliga win over TSV Hartberg on 30 January 2021.
He came in in minute 87 for Patson Daka.
The conflict started as a small insurgency.
It spread to most parts of the area within a year.
By the summer of 2019, the government controlled the major cities and parts of the countryside.
The separatists controlled parts of the countryside.
They were also seen often in the major cities.
A year later, clearly-defined frontlines had formed.
Cameroonian army would raid separatist-controlled towns and villages, but it would not try to recapture them.
Its main concern was securing the major urban areas.
The Cameroonian government is supported by Nigeria.
Some separatist groups are supported by Biafran separatists.
Thousands of people have been killed in the war.
More than half a million people have had to leave their homes.
In 2019, talk took place bewteen Cameroon and the separatists for the first time.
special status was given to the Anglophone regions.
Despite this the war continued to intensify in late 2019.
The 2020 Cameroonian parliamentary election cause more problems.
The separatists became more assertive while Cameroon sent more forces.
The COVID-19 pandemic saw one group declare a ceasefire to fight the spread of the virus.
other groups and the Cameroonian government ignored this and kept fighting.
Edwin Frank Basinski (November 4, 1922 January 8, 2022) was an American former professional baseball infielder.
He played in Major League Baseball for the Brooklyn Dodgers and Pittsburgh Pirates.
His career lasted between 1944 until 1947.
Mittelsinn is in the Würzburg Region.
Retzstadt is in the Main-Spessart district in a side-valley of the Main, on the river Retz.
Thüngen is in the Würzburg Region, 25 km north of Würzburg and 30 km west of Schweinfurt, in the north of the Main Triangle (Maindreieck) on the river Wern.
Markt Triefenstein is part of the Main-Spessart district of Bavaria.
It is on the river Main between Marktheidenfeld and Wertheim am Main.
To the south it borders on Baden-Württemberg.
Urspringen is in the Würzburg Region.
The two species, E.
guineensis and E.
oleifera can produce fertile hybrids.
The genome of E.
guineensis has been sequenced, which has important implications for breeding improved strains of the crop plants.
Nutri-Score was also chosen because it is the most efficient label that tells about the nutritional quality of foods.
Nicolas Seiwald (born 4 May 2001) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
Seiwald played for all Austrian youth nationalteams.
In November 2021 he was part of the A-national team.
His debut was also in November 2021 when he was in the starting XI versus Israel.
Brenden Russell Aaronson (born October 22, 2000) is an American professional soccer player who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Union Berlin, on loan from side Leeds United, and the United States national team.
Bocourt's tree frog (Dryophytes bocourti) is a frog that lives in Guatemala.
Scientists have seen it between 1300 and 1536 meters above sea level in Baja Verapaz and Alta Verapaz.
Großwallstadt is in the Bavarian Lower Main (Bayerischer Untermain) Region.
Hausen is in the Bavarian Lower Main (Bayerischer Untermain) Region.
Kleinwallstadt is in the Bavarian Lower Main (Bayerischer Untermain) Region.
The canyon tree frog, Arizona tree frog, Sonoran tree toad, cañon tree toad, or Cope's hyla (Dryophytes arenicolor) is a frog that lives in Mexico and the United States.
Luka Sučić (born 8 September 2002) is a Croatian professional footballer.
He plays as a midfielder for the Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Croatia national team.
He also played for FC Salzburg U19 in the 2019-20 UEFA Youth League.
After nine years on YouTube, Busy Beavers reached 1 million subscribers on May 16, 2016.
Half a month later, the channel reached one billion total views.
The following two years continued to grow with nearly 400,000 subscribers per month to ten million subscribers, and the channel reached seven billion views.
Busy Beavers currently airs on Universal Kids, an American pay television channel owned by the NBCUniversal Television and Streaming division of Comcast's NBCUniversal through NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment.
Busy Beavers' website has described the company as having 20 employees.
When The Wall Street Journal attempted to find out who creates Busy Beavers videos, they were unable to contact Treasure Studio, which owns the channel.
Wired magazine located a couple in Irvine who seemed to have some ties with Treasure Studio but was unable to confirm that they owned the channel.
In February 2020, Bloomberg Businessweek identified a couple from Orange County, California as the owners of Treasure Studio and Busy Beavers.
Chukwubuike Junior Adamu (born 6 June 2001) is a professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.
He was born in Nigeria but plays for the Austria national team.
In June 2023 he went to SC Freiburg in the Bundesliga.
The archaeological excavation was carried out in Sekta village.
Presently, it is an open air living museum.
It is located about from Imphal and north of Lamlai.
The place is situated at the Imphal-Ukhrul road.
It is to the northeastern direction of Imphal on the left bank of the Iril River.
Weilbach is in the Bavarian part of the Odenwald (range).
Imphal Peace Museum is the winner of India's Best Design Award in the year 2019.
The Imphal Peace Museum has three sections.
The second section shows the scenarios after the WWII in Manipur.
It highlights the impact of the war and the process of recovery.
Early television sets, photographs and cameras are also displayed.
Zangberg is in the region Southeast-Upper Bavaria (Südostoberbayern) at the northern part of the valley of the river Isen.
He started his career with Nußdorfer AC and Red Star Penzing in Vienna.
Then he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18.
2018 he played for Mainz 05 II.
In 2021, Mustapha was sent on loan to Austrian side Admira Wacker from Mainz 05 in the German Bundesliga.
On 24 July 2021, he debuted for Admira during a 1-1 draw with WSG Tirol.
David Affengruber started his career with the local club SC Wieselburg.
He came to the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Afterwards he played for the Salzburg Academy in all ranks.
2019 he went on to FC Liefering.
2021 he also played for FC Red Bull Salzburg.
On 11 June 2021, he signed a three-year contract with Sturm Graz.
He played three matches for the Austrian U21 football national team.
It emerged from the Academy for Tertiary Education, found in 1980 apartheid South West Africa, which was the first institution of higher education in the Republic of Namibia.
Sandro Ingloitsch started his career with SK Bischofshofen and USK Anif.
In 2011 he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg football academy, where he played in all teams.
In 2015 he was captain of the U18 team winning the Austrian Championship.
2015/16 and 2016/17 he played in the UEFA Youth League squad of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In the 2017 final match he was captain of the team.
He made his Austrian Football First League debut for FC Liefering on 29 May 2015 in a game against SV Mattersburg.
2017 he went on to SKN St.
Pölten.
On 5 August 2020 he signed with Sturm Graz.
On 21 March 2021 he suffered a serious injury in the knee and could not play a long time.
Ingolitsch played for Austrias U17, U18, U19 and U21 national team.
With the U19 team he qualified for the U19 European Championship 2016 in Germany.
The company was founded in 1992 by Olof Olle Gustafsson, Markus Nyström, Fredrik Liljegren and Andreas Axelsson.
It released such products as Battlefield, Mirror's Edge and Star Wars Battlefront series.
DICE also develops the Frostbite game engine.
Neustadt an der Aisch (officially: Neustadt a.d.Aisch) is a small town in the northern part of Bavaria (Germany), within the Franconian region Middle Franconia.
Sugenheim is a municipality in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria, Germany.
Sandro-Luca Molnar (born 23 August 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as defender for 2.
Liga (Austria) club Liefering.
Molnar started his youth career with the Styrian clubs SV Thal, Grazer AK and SK Sturm Graz.
2018 he came to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy.
2021 he went on to FC Liefering in Austrias Second League.
He started his career with the youth team of SV Grün-Weiß Micheldorf.
Then he came to LASK.
From 2018 till 2021 he was in the Red Bull Salzburg Academy.
2021 he went on to FC Liefering.
Gérard Latortue (19 June 1934 – 27 February 2023) was a Haitian politician and diplomat who served as the prime minister of Haiti from 12 March 2004 to 9 June 2006.
He was an official in the United Nations for many years, and briefly served as foreign minister of Haiti during the short-lived 1988 administration of Leslie Manigat.
Mikio Aoki (, Hepburn: ; 8 June 1934 – 11 June 2023) was a Japanese politician who served as the Chief Cabinet Secretary from 1999 to 2000, and was briefly Acting Prime Minister following Keizo Obuchi's coma.
A member of the Liberal Democratic Party, he also served as the Chairman of the LDP in the House of Councillors.
He studied at Waseda University but did not graduate.
Waidhaus is a municipality in Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.
It is near the border with the Czech Republic, and near the border crossing between Bavaria and the Czech Republic, where the Bavarian A6 meets the Czech D5 motorway.
The closest towns are on the German side Pleystein and on the Czech side Rozvadov.
The formerly settlement of Illerzell, is about 3 km northwest of Vöhringen on the floor of the Iller Valley.
It was incorporated into Vöhringen on 1 July 1972.
Elias Havel (born 16 April 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer He plays as a striker for Austrian Second League club Liefering.
He also plays for the U19 squad of FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League.
On January 24, 1976, 66 deputies signed a petition asking him to resign, but he rejected it, insisting on ending his term.
At the end of the second season, Chloe is introduced as the baby sister.
During the third season, Phoebe starts training to become a superhero, while the master super villain, Dark Mayhem, trains Max to become a villain.
At the end of the season, Dark Mayhem (Jamieson Price) asks Max to prove he is a villain by taking away Phoebe's powers.
However, Max chooses his family and becomes a superhero instead by helping them take down Dark Mayhem.
Eggenthal is a municipality in Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.
It is in the Allgäu region.
Video games that have graphic violence include Mortal Kombat games, Killer Instinct games, Grand Theft Auto games, and The Manhunt games.
Szoboszlai made his professional debut in the 2017–18 season with the Liefering in the second division against Kapfenberg on 21 July 2017.
He scored his first professional goal against FC Blau-Weiß Linz on 4 August 2017.
On 20 July 2018 Ćaleta-Car went to Olympique de Marseille on a five-year deal for a transfer fee of €19 million.
Upon his arrival, Ćaleta-Car was given the squad shirt number 15.
On 29 September 2019 he scored his first goal for Marseille, the equalizer in a 1–1 draw with Rennes.
A year before the end of his contract he moved to Southampton FC.
Ćaleta-Car was selected in the 23-man squad that travelled to the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
He made his World Cup debut in Croatia's final group game, a 2–1 win over Iceland.
Croatia finish second in the tournament.
Rottenegg is in the Danube-Isar Hills of the Lower Bavarian Upland.
The village is at above sea level.
Azerbaijan, also known as Iranian Azerbaijan, is a historical region in northwestern Iran that borders Iraq, Turkey, the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Armenia, and the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Kyle Egan Richards was born in the Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California on January 11, 1969, as the younger of two daughters to businessman and retired lieutenant colonel Ken Richards, and casting director Kathleen Richards.
Her elder sister is Kim Richards, an actress.
She also has an older maternal half-sister, Kathy Hilton, and three older paternal half-siblings, all of whom are deceased.
Richards is of Welsh and Irish ancestry.
Port Townsend is a city in Jefferson County, Washington, United States.
The population was 10,148 at the 2020 United States Census.
The Narai Shukuba Festival is a festival that recreates the teapots that were held during the Edo period.
At that time, the Ochabo Dochu had a great deal of authority and scale.
Since it faithfully reproduces it, visitors can enjoy the atmosphere of that time along with the old townscape of Narai-juku.
Federico Leandro Crescenti (born 13 July 2004) is a Swiss professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for Second League club Liefering.
He also plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.
Bad Königshofen im Grabfeld is a small spa town in Bavaria, in Rhön-Grabfeld in northeast Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.
According to the Bavarian State Office for Statistics and Data, Bad Königshofen had a population of 5,995 in 2017.
The Franconian Saale flows through the town.
John Alphons Pandeni (30 July 1950 – 14 March 2008) was a Namibian politician and trade unionist.
He was a member of SWAPO and Minister of Regional and Local Government, Housing and Rural Development until his death in 2008.
Unsleben is in the Main-Rhön area.
GoodBarber was born from the merger of two French software companies, DuoApps and WebzineMaker, It was founded in 2001, in Ajaccio (Corsica), by François-Sébastien Simoni and 3 associates (J.
Pietri, P.
Chiappe and F.
Bernardini).
At the beginnings, the GoodBarber's platform performed as generator of blogs in SaaS mode, websites and WebTVs.
In 2011, DuoApps and WebzineMaker officially launched the native mobile application builder named GoodBarber in order to develop and market a technical solution to build native IOS and Android applications and Progressive Web apps, for content publishing and eCommerce shopping stores.
Also used as content management system by some research organizations.
GoodBarber's technology is recognized among No-code development platforms, best known as App builders or App makers.
As a cross-platform software, the technical platform generate mobile applications compatibles for mobile phones for both Android and iOS and Progressive web application (PWA) mobile applications, accessible from the web through by a mobile browser.
In the same class of software, other noticeable companies are Appy Pie, AppSheet, BuildFire, Microsoft PowerApps, AppInstitute, Zoho.
Initially launched on the English and French markets, between 2013 and 2015 GoodBarber was enhanced to integrate Italian, Spanish, German, Portuguese and Turkish in its editor interfaces.
In 2013, GoodBarber first attended Mobile World Congress.
GoodBarber has been listed in the FT 1000 by the Financial Times and the French economic newspaper Les Echos.
In 2020, it integrated the Mercado Pago payment platform, as payment solution for eCommerce apps.
In many religions, such experieces are called revelations.
This also applies to the knowledge that comes from them.
These religions say that a god or gods caused these revelations, and that they are not a result of a natural cause.
They are considered real encounters with God or gods, or real contact with higher-order realities of which humans are not ordinarily aware.
Flydubai Flight 981 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Dubai International Airport, in the United Arab Emirates.
On 19 March 2016, the Boeing 737-800 crashed while landing at Rostov-on-Don Airport in Russia.
There were no survivors, a total of 62 people between passengers and crew lost their lives in the tragic accident.
A linear-feedback shift register is a shift register which will produce a sequence of numbers.
The next value of the sequence depends on the current value.
Thie first value is usually called seed.
Usually, the function XOR is used to link two consecutive values.
Commonly, the function XOR is used on a bit-level.
With n bits, it is possible to represent 2 numbers, so after 2-1 values the sequence will repat.
In computing, linear-feedback shift registers are commonly used to compute pseudorandom numbers.
Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi (translation: I Am Going To Be The Daughter-In-Law Of This House) is an Indian Marathi-language television show which aired on Zee Marathi from 15 July 2013 to 24 January 2016 and completed 808 episodes altogether.
Written by Madhugandha Kulkarni and directed by Mandar Devasthali, the show stars Tejashree Pradhan and Shashank Ketkar in titular roles and is currently available online on ZEE5.
The Ice candle was first made in Shimokawa, Hokkaido.
In Shimokawa, there are few days in a year when the temperature is 30 degrees below freezing.
The members of “Egg of Columbus, which is a Town Development Idea Semester, had thought about some ideas on how people could enjoy a cold winter with snow.
In 1985, they found a sentence, “...the flame moves in the ice block, it changes to the natural lamp-shade quickly, the flame in the natural and pale clear glass lights up in the garden fantastically...
This is from “Live in north literary calendar, Northern area column written by Ryuichi Ito who was a professor of Hokkaido University of education.
He wrote about the candle which is made by Scandinavian Finland children.
The Egg of Columbus got some hints to create the Ice candle from that sentence.
In 1986, the Ice candle was created.
They put a wish for people to be able to spend winter happily in it.
In 1987, the Ice candle was introduced on TV.
From around that time, townspeople have made it at their own homes.
Now, the Ice candle is known by Japanese people nationwide and loved by people living in cold areas.
MUJI is a Japanese retail company which sells clothing, furniture, general merchandise, foods and so on.
Rail service was re-replaced with buses on August 25 due to some issues.
J Church service on the surface-only Balboa Park–Church and Duboce routing resumed on December 19, 2020, while full service to Embarcadero station was put back on February 19, 2022.
The L Taraval Improvement Project, originally called the L Taraval Rapid project, was to improve street safety and speed up trains.
But on 2019 producer Alan Canvan edited Game of Death Redux.
The edit only uses footage shot during the original production of The Game of Death.
The movie was released as a special feature in The Criterion Collection's Blu-ray box set of Bruce Lee films, on July 14, 2020.
The Game of Death (死亡的遊戲) is an incomplete Hong Kong martial arts film, of 39 minutes (approximatley two minutes is missing from the beginning), filmed in 1972, directed, written, produced by and starring Bruce Lee, as Hai Tien, with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, as Mantis, James Tien, Chieh Yuan, Dan Inosanto, Ji Han-jae and Hwang In-shik (only a short footage outdoors).
Unifinished because of Bruce Lee's death.
Produced company Concord Production Inc.
and Golden Harvest.
The 1972 original footage it was distributed in 2000 by two documentaries, and Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯 and 2019 by short film Game of Death Redux.
The 1972 original script it was distributed by short film The Story.
During a search is discovered among the choreography writings, hand-written storyline, 12 pages in length and containing all scene breakdowns and select dialogue passages the original storyline stands in sharp contrast to the one presented in the film Game of Death (1978 movie).
After the discovery of Lee's script notes in 2000 it was directed the short film The Story.
The movie is the storyline for The Game of Death and the missing part of Bruce Lee's The Game of Death, not played in 1972.
Directed in South Korea by John Little, distributed as a special feature in DVD of the documentary .
Bruce Lee historian John Little released Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey, a documentary revealing the original footage of The Game of Death.
The documentary also includes a fairly in-depth biography of Lee and leads into the filming of The Game of Death.
Oriental art shows different elements which are seen as typical for this art direction.
Furthermore, oriental art represents how Western people imagined the Orient.
Additionally, there are several movies which included Orientalism, such as Aladdin.
Bloomingdale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States.
The population was 8,918 at the 2020 census.
In 1836, Fall Branch was designated as the county seat of the proposed Powell County, which would have consisted of parts of Washington, Greene, Sullivan, and Hawkins counties.
While voters approved of the new county, it was rejected by the Tennessee Supreme Court on the grounds that it failed to meet the minimum size required by the state constitution for new counties.
A school, Fall Branch Seminary, was established at Fall Branch in 1842.
Fall Branch High School, initially a two-year school, was established before 1900.
The high school was consolidated with several other smaller schools to form Daniel Boone High School in nearby Gray in 1971.
The Lions schedule was released on May 13, 2021.
The Rams' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The 49ers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Buccaneers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
As defending Super Bowl champions, the Buccaneers hosted the 2021 NFL Kickoff Game at Raymond James Stadium against the Dallas Cowboys.
The first week was announced 11 hours ahead of the rest of the season on May 12.
The Cowboys' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Eagles' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Saints' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Steelers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Schmidgaden is in the north of the Upper Palatinate.
Stadlern is on the western hillsides of the mountain Reichenstein.
To the west is the Schnabelloh-Creek with the mills Bemmerlmühle, Stadlermühle and Tabakmühle.
Across the Schnabelloh-Creek at the eastern hillside of the Drechselberg is the hamlet Reichenberg.
The karambit or kerambit is a kind of curved knife of Indonesian origin that is used as a weapon.
The Seahawks' regular season schedule was announced on May 12.
The Cardinals' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Stadtlauringen is in the Main Rhön region, about 20 kilometers north east of Schweinfurt.
It is the northernmost municipality in Schweinfurt.
The Colts' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Üchtelhausen is in region Main - Rhön Mountains.
The Falcons 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
They opened the season at home against the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Titans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Texans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Bills 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Patriots' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Dolphins' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Ravens' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The schedule was announced on May 12.
The Browns' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
The Broncos' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Until the Week 18 flex, the Broncos would not have appeared on Monday Night Football for the first time since 1991.
In 1964 the club was promoted to zhe A-Liga, today's Bundesliga They reached the first title in 1971.
Mahomes is known for his athleticism and his unique passing ability.
FC Tirol Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck, Tyrol.
They played between 1993 and 2002.
Catbug lives in the Invisible Hideout and sleeps in Wallow’s bed.
Catbug is well-intentioned, but generally unhelpful during the Bravest Warriors’ adventures, though it is debatable how much he understands about the situations they find themselves in.
Catbug enjoys soft tacos and sugar peas.
Often childlike and seemingly carefree, the Bravest Warriors treat him much like a child and don’t hold him accountable for his actions.
In “Jelly Kid Forever Catbug decapitates Jelly Kid, but isn’t punished for it.
He demonstrates pride that he “caught him for Danny rather than concern or guilt for having apparently killed something.
Catbug debuted in the first Bravest Warriors mobile video game, Fly Catbug Fly, on Thursday April 10, 2014.
The game was developed by Ludoko Studios for Frederator Studios / Cartoon Hangover, and released on iOS and Android devices.
The game is an endless flier in the 8-bit style, inspired by classic games such as Helicopter and Katamari Damacy.
In the 48-hours after its release, the game was the #1 in the Action and Arcade categories in iTunes, and in the top 10 Games overall; and #1 new game in the Google Play Store for the first week of its launch.
Greater Danbury, also known as the Housatonic Valley Region, is a region in the state of Connecticut centered on the city of Danbury.
It consists of the city of Danbury and adjacent towns in the areas around the Housatonic River and the Still River.
The organization can be traced back to 1972-1973 when a group of revolutionary students got together led by Abdullah Öcalan.
After the military coup of 1971, many leftists groups went underground to avoid repression by the generals in the name of restoring law and order.
It was established as a party in 1978 and it held its foundation congress in November of the same year.
In 1980 there was another coup which resulted in the ruling of Turkish Armed Forces for three years.
In 1983 a law passed to prohibit the use of the Kurdish language, and the Turkish forces committed several human rights abuses.
The PKK started as an ideologically leftist nationalist movement which applied Marxism-Leninism thought of class struggle and national liberation to the Kurdish national context.
Through their first years (1978-1986) their goal was achieving independence from Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and Syria.
They also wanted to seize state power through armed revolution to establish a Kurdish socialist state.
The party has used several guerrilla tactics since its existence, taking inspiration from Che Guevara’s Guerrilla Warfare.
One of these was the strategic use of mountains they were familiar with, but Turkish armed forces were not.
To escape from Turkish persecution, members of the PKK have also strategically crossed borders to Syria, Iraq or Iran.
In the 1990s, they started using bomb attacks and shifted to positional warfare.
Northeast State Community College is a public community college based in Blountville, Tennessee.
It offers technical education in Blountville, Elizabethton, Gray, Johnson City, and Kingsport.
The school has more than 6,000 students.
The Austrian women's football champions are the winners of the highest league of women's football in Austria.
After only one month of violent confrontations between the two, the attacks became more and more violent, killing more and more people.
The killings were mostly done at random which made them more frightening.
People were already fleeing the region before the war due to the tensions running high, but after the killing of 165 people in Jezzine along with more than 1000 killings in the nearby region, many more people fled the region immediately.
While they were on the run for the violence, they met violence: many people were attacked by Druzes in their attempt to flee.
At the end of June 1860, there were an estimated 80,000 people on the run for the violence in Mount Lebanon, many of them went to Damascus.
The Ottoman army was dominated by elite and included an additional 200 cannons, 100 field guns and 8 000 camels.
In contrast, the Safavid cavalry was less than half of the Ottoman army.
In that battle, the Safavid cavalry of Qizilbash attacked in a mass assault, and the Ottoman Army then responded with artillery fire.
Ismail I had been proposed to surprise the Ottomans before they had finished their positions, but he scoffed at that proposal and decided to wait for the enemy's positions and to attack in a straightforward manner.
The battle opened with a wave of attacks by Safavid cavalry, and in the first half of the cavalry battle, the Safavids held the upper hand.
However, in the second half of the battle, the battle tilted in favor of the Ottomans, who had superior firepower by mobilizing not only rifles but also artillery.
In the end, the Safavid army fell to the firepower of the Ottomans, fled westward and left Tabriz in their hands.
The Military also implemented a nationwide treatment programme called mixing for peace.
This programme enforced the cohabitation of leftist and rightist prisoners.
This was perceived as a mental torture by some prisoners, while the others believed that they were all the victims of the coup d’état.
To control their ownership of slaves, the Ottomans followed the Islamic view of human bondage.
They saw themselves as the protectors of the religion while Mecca and Medina were under their protection.
And the sultan was seen as a successor to the prophet.
In this sense and according to Hanafi Islamic law, a person can have ownership of another, which entitles the owner to the slave' labor, property and sexuality while restricting his freedoms.
However, a Muslim cannot be enslaved and if a slave follows Islam, he is to be freed.
These rules were introduced in the empire’s laws.
The Slavery in the Ottoman Empire was considered an important and big part of the empire's society.
It was estimated that twenty percent of the residence during the 16th century were slaves.
The Ottomans tied their economy tightly to owning slaves.
Since it was a large country, the vast work they needed required more workers.
For this reason they needed slaves to help them with different tasks.
École supérieure de chimie physique électronique de Lyon (CPE Lyon) is a engineering graduate school in France..
The university is located on the campus of La Doua - LyonTech, in a cluster of science and technology universities and Grandes Écoles.
La Doua is located in Villeurbanne, a suburb of Lyon.
On November 15, 1869 the Tennessee General Assembly called for an election to be held in December 1869 for two reasons.
They are to determine if a constitutional convention should be called to amend or replace the 1835 constitution and to elect delegates to that convention if the voters determined that it was to be held.
The voters decided for the convention, which began on January 10, 1870.
The convention was finished on February 23, 1870, after adopting the constitution and recommending its approval by the voters in a special election It was conducted on March 26, 1870.
As a record producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high-profile recording artists, such as Ava Max, Lady Gaga, Akon, Michael Jackson, RBD, Now United, U2, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Nicole Scherzinger, Gru, Cross Gene, MIKA, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Wyclef Jean, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Mylène Farmer, Mohombi, Inna, Khaled, Alexandra Burke, Austin Mahone, One Direction, Marc Anthony, the Band Perry, Prince Royce, Rod Stewart, Usher and Saad Lamjarred, among many others.
His production discography boasts many Billboard and international hits.
RedOne has established his own record label named RedOne Records.
Fireman Sam (Welsh: Sam Tân) is a Welsh/British animated children's television series about a fireman named Sam and his fellow firefighters who work in the Pontypandy Fire Station, and other residents in a fictional Welsh rural village called Pontypandy (a portmanteau of two real towns, Pontypridd and Tonypandy).
The first five series of the show were animated in stop motion, but starting with the sixth series onwards, the show is completely animated in CGI.
Sportklub Sturm Graz is an Austrian football club from Graz, Styria.
The club was started in 1909 but the women's section was started in 2011.
Sturm Graz (women section) plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest league in women's football in Austria.
Amjadi Bano was the wife of Molana Muhammad Ali Johar.
She worked for Muslims.
She also played very important role in Pakistan Resolution.
First Vienna FC is a women soccer team from Vienna.
It plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the top league in Austrias women's football.
The team is the women's section of First Vienna FC, the oldest football club in Austria.
The second team is playing in the Wiener Frauen Landesliga (3rd level).
Kirchheim or Kirchheim in Schwaben (engl.
Kirchheim in Swabia) is a municipality and a market town in Unterallgäu in the region of Swabia (Schwaben) in the south-west of Bavaria, Germany.
Eckerd was an American pharmacy chain in the United States.
It was founded in 1898 in Erie.
Its headquarters were in Florida.
Data transmission is the process of transferring data from one point to another.
There are two methods for transmitting data: Serial communication and Parallel communication.
There are different types of devices for data transmission: Wireless, Optical fiber, Infrared and more.
is in both directions but not at the same time (i.e.
data can be sent from 'A' to 'B' or from 'B' to 'A' along the same line, but not at the same time).
Example: a phone conversation between two people where only one person speaks at a time .
Geesje Mink-Wourdstra (24 April 1911 – 1971) was a Dutch speed skater.
Heidenheim is an old German market town, which lives in the administrative region of Middle Franconia in the middle of Bavaria.
It belongs to the rural district Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.
Kamil Piatkowski (born 21 June 2000) is a professional footballer from Poland.
He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Poland national team as center back.
John Ngu Foncha (June 21, 1916 – April 10, 1999) was a Cameroonian politician who was the Prime Minister of British Cameroons from February 1, 1959 to October 1, 1961, then Prime Minister of West Cameroon from independence (October 1, 1961) to May 13, 1965.
He later became an opponent, close to the separatists of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC).
He created the Kamerun National Democratic Party (KNDP) in 1955 and became the Prime Minister of British Cameroons on 1 February 1959.
He occupied this position until 1 October 1961, when the region was joined with French-speaking Cameroon to form a federation.
From 1 October 1961 to 13 May 1965, Foncha was both the 5th Prime Minister of Cameroon and Vice-President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
He was Vice President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon until 1970.
In 1994, he led a delegation of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC) to the United Nations to demand support for the movement for greater autonomy in Cameroon's two English-speaking regions.
His grandson is Jean-Christian Foncha.
The youth policy was completed in 2019: as part of the district's urban renewal program, the former day hospital was completely refurbished into a childhood center: the Sanfourche youth center inaugurated in 2018.
In July 2005, Intel stopped its development of the EFI specification at version 1.10, and gave it to the Unified EFI Forum, which has developed the specification as the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI).
The original EFI specification remains owned by Intel, which exclusively provides licenses for EFI-based products, but the UEFI specification is owned by the UEFI Forum.
The latest UEFI specification, version 2.9, was released in March 2021.
In 2011, Microsoft announced that computers certified to run its Windows 8 operating system had to release with Microsoft's public key enrolled and Secure Boot enabled.
Following the announcement, Microsoft was accused by critics and free software/open source advocates (including the Free Software Foundation) of trying to use the Secure Boot functionality of UEFI to prevent the installation of alternative operating systems such as Linux.
Microsoft denied that the Secure Boot requirement was intended to serve as a form of lock-in.
They also clarified its requirements by stating that 32-bit-based systems certified for Windows 8 must allow Secure Boot to enter custom mode or be disabled, but not on systems using the ARM architecture.
Windows 10 allows OEMs to decide whether or not Secure Boot can be changed by users of their 32-bit systems.
Other developers concerned about the issues of implementing support for Secure Boot on Linux systems in general.
Former Red Hat developer Matthew Garrett noted that conditions in the GNU General Public License version 3 may prevent the use of the GNU GRand Unified Bootloader without a distribution's developer disclosing the private key (however, the Free Software Foundation has since clarified its position, assuring that the responsibility to make keys available was held by the hardware manufacturer), and that it would also be difficult for advanced users to build custom kernels that could function with Secure Boot enabled without self-signing them.
Other developers suggested that signed builds of Linux with another key could be provided, but noted that it would be difficult to persuade OEMs to ship their computers with the required key alongside the Microsoft key.
For the 2019–20 season Rose joined Borussia Mönchengladbach.
With Gladbach he reaches the knockout stage of the UEFA Champions League.
On 15 February 2021, Mönchengladbach announced that Rose would leave at the end of the season to join Borussia Dortmund.
The 2004 regional election was won by John Ya Otto Nankudhu of the SWAPO Party with 8,370 votes.
Followed by Victoria Gawanas of the United Democratic Front with 594 votes, Fransiska Hipondoka of the Congress of Democrats with 475 votes, Gabriel Rukero of the National Unity Democratic Organisation with 380 votes, and Adolphe Kaurimuje of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 201 votes.
Bektashism or in Turkish language: Bektaşilik and in Albanian language: Tarikati Bektashi, is one of the largest Sufism Dervish Tarika.
In the Balkans and East Thrace the European part of Turkey, there are followers in Albania and Kosovo, in North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Bulgaria.
Luis Fernando Lucho Vásquez Díaz (born 3 January 2003) is a Colombian footballer.
He plays as a defender for 2.
Liga club Liefering on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.
He started his career in the youth of ETO FC Győr.
Then he went to the Szombathelyi Haladás Academy.
2020 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18.
2021 he became part of the FC Liefering squad as 3rd goalkeeper.
The station's studios, main office, and transmitter are located at 3/F DVOREF Bldg., Remedios Trinidad Romualdez Hospital Compound, Brgy.
96-Calanipawan, Tacloban, Leyte.
Alemannia was ruled by a Germanic king during the 4th to 5th centuries, Alamannia was later invaded and became a duchy of the Frankish Empire in the 6th century.
In early 10th century, the Holy Roman Empire started to form under Conrad I of East Francia and the territory of Alamannia became the Duchy of Swabia.
The Azerbaijan Communist Party (; ) was the ruling political party in the Azerbaijan SSR, which was a branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
On 1 April of the same year, the Fifth Cabinet of Ministers of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic gave its resignations and all the power to the Communist Party of Azerbaijan.
The party ruled the Azerbaijan SSR until 14 September 1991 when it was formally disbanded.
It is involved in India's global cultural relations, through cultural exchange with other countries and their people.
It was founded on 9 April 1950 by Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, the first Education Minister of independent India.
Islam is the second largest religion in the state, with 12,967,840 adherents comprising 11.54% of the population, per estimates.
The Constitution of Malaysia forbids discrimination against citizens based on sex, religion, and race.
Both section 377 of the Penal Code and several state-level laws criminalise homosexuality and sodomy.
Laws forbidding sodomy and unnatural carnal intercourse are occasionally enforced.
There is also social prejudice founded in the Islamic view of homosexuality.
Although the situation is getting better.
In 1949, at the age of 16, she ran away to marry the 31-year-old Ganpatrao Bhosle, who was her personal secretary.
She married him even though her family was against the marriage.
On February 5, 2022, Poilievre announced his candidacy for the leadership election of the Conservative Party.
He was elected Leader of the Conservative Party on September 10, 2022.
The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Azerbaijan (), is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) of Azerbaijan.
It is also the governing body for the Olympic Games in Azerbaijan.
The headquarters is in Baku.
Johannes Diderik van der Waals (; 23 November 1837 – 8 March 1923) was a Dutch theoretical physicist and thermodynamicist.
He became famous for his pioneering work on the equation of state for gases and liquids.
Van der Waals started his career as a school teacher.
In 1877, he became the first physics professor of the University of Amsterdam.
Van der Waals won the 1910 Nobel Prize in physics for his work on the equation of state for gases and liquids.
In his 1873 thesis, Van der Waals noted that real gases were not ideal: He thought this was because there are intermolecular interactions.
He introduced the first equation of state derived by the assumption of a finite volume occupied by the constituent molecules.
Spearheaded by Ernst Mach and Wilhelm Ostwald, a strong philosophical current that denied the existence of molecules arose towards the end of the 19th century.
The molecular existence was considered unproven and the molecular hypothesis unnecessary.
At the time Van der Waals's thesis was written (1873), the molecular structure of fluids had not been accepted by most physicists, and liquid and vapor were often considered as chemically distinct.
But Van der Waals's work affirmed the reality of molecules and allowed an assessment of their size and attractive strength.
His new formula revolutionized the study of equations of state.
By comparing his equation of state with experimental data, Van der Waals was able to obtain estimates for the actual size of molecules and the strength of their mutual attraction.
The 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship was an association football tournament held by FIFA.
The 1985 World Championship was the first edition of the tournament.
It was held in the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, and Dalian in People's Republic of China.
The tournament took place from July 31, 1985, to August 11, 1985.
To play in the tournament, players had to have been born after August 1, 1968.
U-16 means age 16 years or under.
The cingulate cortex is connected to many other parts of the brain.
It gets input from the thalamus and the neocortex.
Neurons send information from the cingulate cortex to the entorhinal cortex.
Adriaanse returned to Ajax as manager and reached a third place but was sacked early in the next season because of poor results.
On 9 August 2006 Adriaanse resigned as manager of Porto.
In December 2006 he became coach of FC Metalurh Donetsk.
On 17 May 2007 he resigned as manager of Metalurh Donetsk.
Osland earned a degree in physics from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1968, and completed a Ph.D.
at the University of Trondheim in 1975.
He became a professor at the University of Bergen in 1987.
Ahearne was a cadet in Straits Settlement Government service in 1910.
Then he was attached to the Indian Immigrant Department in Penang.
He was appointed as (Balik Pulau) in 1911.
He was also appointed as the District Officer of Balik Pulau in 1916.
In addition, he held several posts of 2nd Assistant Superintendent of Immigrant (Klang and Kuala Lumpur), Assistant Controller of Labour (Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Klang) in 1913 and 1914.
He was Assistant Adviser (Batu Pahut, Johore) in 1919.
In 1923 as Second Magistrate in Singapore, Deputy Controller of Labour (Kuala Lumpur) and Deputy Controller of Labour (Penang).
In 1925, he was on special duty for Indian Immigration Committee in connection with the Avadi Water Supply and Drainage.
He went to Assam to investigate labour condition in British India.
He was the Controller of Labour for Malaya in 1930.
In 1931, he led the Straits Settlements Delegation to the International Shipping Conference held in Simila.
During the , he was the chairman of the Straits Settlements Retrenchment Committee.
In 1933, he led a Malayan delegation to New Delhi to discuss on the immigration questions with the Indian Government.
In 1999, YangZi made her acting debut, playing Zhou Qiong in Ru Ci Chu Shan.
In 2006, she reprised her role as Xia Xue in the sequel Home with Kids 2, though not in the subsequent installments.
In 2008, YangZi released her first solo album titled Home with Snow, which is named after her character's name in Home with Kids.
In 2009, Yang played her first leading role in the youth romance drama Girl Rushes Forward.
In 2019, YangZi starred in the romantic comedy drama Go Go Squid!, playing a talented computer major who is also a popular online singer.
The drama topped television ratings and had been streamed more than 9.6 billion times in its timeslot and was praised for its transmitting positive and uplifting messages such as the pursuit of dreams as well as patriotism.
The success of Go Go Squid reaffirmed YangZi's popularity.
Then YangZi featured in the disaster film The Bravest as the wife of a firefighter, and won the Most Popular Supporting Actress award at the 16th Guangzhou Student Film Festival.
The same year, he starred in the crime suspense film Bodies at Rest playing a forensics scientist.
She then starred in the romance environmental protection drama My Mowgli Boy where she played a marketing executive.
The Milwaukee Deep (also called the Milwaukee Depth), near Puerto Rico, is the deepest area in the Atlantic Ocean.
It is also the eighth deepest area in the ocean.
The depth of Milwaukee Deep is the 27,493 ft (8,380 m).
Milwaukee Deep is in the Puerto Rico Trench, where the Caribbean plate and the Atlantic Ocean plate meet together.
Milwaukee Deep is a part of the larger Brownson Deep which creates a very long depression.
The Piedmont is a plateau area in the Eastern United States.
It is located between the Atlantic coastal plain and the main Appalachian Mountains.
The plateu goes from New York in the north to Alabama in the south.
The Piedmont Province is a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian division/ It is made up of the Gettysburg-Newark Lowlands, the Piedmont Upland and the Piedmont Lowlands.
The Atlantic Seaboard fall line marks the Piedmont's eastern boundary.
To the west, it is bounded by the Blue Ridge Mountains.
They are the easternmost range of the main Appalachians.
The width of the Piedmont varies.
It os very narrow above the Delaware River .
It is almost wide in North Carolina.
The Piedmont's area is about .
2019 he moved to Austria and joined Austrian Football Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg on a 5-year contract.
On 8 June 2022, Kristensen went to Premier League club Leeds United on a five year contract .
The fee was around £10 million.
He debuted for Leeds as part of the starting eleven in their season opener on 6 August with a 2-1 home win over Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Fawzi learned law at the University of Cairo.
He got a PhD in Criminal law in the year 1926 from many universities.
These include Liverpool University, Columbia University and University of Rome La Sapienza.
He was very active politically when he was young.
He was the consulate for Egypt in Kobe, Hyōgo from 1926 to the 30s.
In 1942 he became a consul-general(the leader of a group of consuls) in Jerusalem.
He was then an Egyptian representative for the United Nations in 1947.
He was then an ambassador to the United Kingdom in 1952.
In 1952, Gamal Abdel Nasser became the new leader of Egypt.
Because of this, Fawzi became the foreign minister of Egypt.
Fawzi was thought to be a good candidate.
This was because he was very good at speaking many languages.
He also stayed away from argument.
On 13 April, Hütter announced that he would leave Frankfurt and join Borussia Mönchengladbach for the 2021–22 season.
After one season he left Gladbach finishing tenth in the league on 14 May 2022.
In physics, chemistry and thermodynamics, equations of state are used to describe the state a dynamical system is in.
.
Equations of state are commonly used to describe the state of gases and fluids.
In the real world, equations of state are approximations.
They can be quite complex to write down, and usually, they are solved using numerical methods.
where p ist the pressure, V is the volume, and T is the temperature.
Gearbox originally created expansions for the Valve game Half-Life, then ported that game and others to console platforms.
In 2005, Gearbox made its own games, Brothers in Arms as an example, for consoles.
It became their main franchise and spun off a comic book series, television documentary, books, and action figures.
Their second original game series, Borderlands, was made in 2009, and by 2015 had sold over 26 million copies.
The company also owns the property of Duke Nukem and Homeworld.
Kitana appeared for the first time in the Mortal Kombat II (1993) game, where she is shown as a royal from Edenia, a fictional realm (kingdom).
In the game, she uses a pair of fans made of steel, also named tessenjutsu.
Kitana uses these fans to make special attacks.
She was thought to be the daughter of Shao Kahn, the emperor of the Outworld.
However, Kitana later learns her true father was murdered by Kahn when he conquered Edenia.
Later on, she becomes an important hero as she joins warriors of the Earthrealm to make sure her realm is freed.
Kitana is the love interest of hero Liu Kang.
Sierra Entertainment was an American video game developer/publisher founded in the late 1970s by Ken and Roberta Williams.
The company is known for making the graphic adventure game genre, including the first game, Mystery House.
It is also known for its adventure game series King's Quest, Space Quest, Police Quest, Gabriel Knight, Leisure Suit Larry, and Quest for Glory, as well as being the original publishers of Half-Life.
Letsch never played professional football.
He started his coaching career at VfB Oberesslingen/Zell as playing coach.
In July 2001 he became manager of Stuttgarter Kickers's second team until 2002, but was also a part of the first team staff until the end of the 2002–03 season.
Then he moved to FC Union Heilbronn and was the manager for one season.
From January 2005 until July 2007, he was the assistant manager of SSV Ulm 1846.
From January 2008 to June 2009, he was the manager of SG Sonnenhof Großaspach.
In July 2012 he went to Salzburg and managed the under-16 team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
September 2012 he was also appointed as football director of academy.
In the following season, he was promoted to first team assistant manager.
In July 2014 he became manager of the under-18 squad.
In the time with the under-18s he was also the assistant coach for FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In December 2015 after Peter Zeidler was sacked, he was for two matches head coach of Salzburg.
In the 2015–16 season he also managed the team of FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League.
In June 2015 he became manager of FC Liefering in the Second League.
On 18 June 2017 Erzgebirge Aue named Letsch as their new manager on a three-year contract.
After three games Aue sacked Letsch due to poor form and results.
On 27 February 2018 he became manager Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He was sacked on 11 March 2019.
On 26 May 2020 he became the new manager of Vitesse Arnhem.
The club went on to secure fourth place in the Eredivisie and reched the final of the Dutch Cup (which was lost 2–1 to AFC Ajax).
They were qualified for the UEFA Europa Conference League.
Golmaal Again () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language horror action comedy movie.
It was written and directed by Rohit Shetty and produced by Rohit Shetty Pictures, Mangal Murti Films and Reliance Entertainment.
Made on a total budget of 69 crores including production and marketing costs, it is the fourth installment of the Golmaal franchise and stars Tabu, Ajay Devgn, Parineeti Chopra, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Kunal Khemu.
This movie is also the sequel to Golmaal 3.
Gopal, Madhav, Lucky, Laxman and Laxman 2 are orphans in an orphanage in Ooty managed by businessman Jamnadas.
Gopal is afraid of ghosts.
Lucky is mute and Laxman has a speech impediment.
The boys find a baby girl and take her in, naming her Khushi.
They care for her and are also aware of librarian Anna's ability to see ghosts and spirits.
One day, when Madhav pranks and scares the timid Gopal in an empty bungalow, a fight ensues between the boys.
Gopal gets punished, which prompts Gopal and Laxman to leave the orphanage, and soon, Madhav, Lucky and Laxman also do the same.
Khushi is later adopted by the loving Colonel Chauhan and his wife.
Some years later, Gopal and Laxman work with Babli Bhai and Madhav, Lucky and Laxman work with Vasooli Bhai.
The group reunites after learning about Jamnadas' demise.
Returning to the orphanage after 25 years, they meet Col.
Chauhan, Anna and Pappi, another orphan from the orphanage who has frequent memory loss.
They meet a girl who they think is the bungalow's caretaker, Damini and learn about Khushi's demise.
At an event after Jamnadas' funeral, businessman Vasu Reddy reveals the orphanage would be demolished and moved elsewhere in plans to make his own building.
When the group leaves the orphanage and returns, a ghost possesses Laxman and speak in Nana Patekar's voice which scares Gopal.
Next, the ghost possesses Madhav and prompts Vasooli to give them a task, indirectly bringing the three back to Ooty.
A scared Gopal calls Anna, who reveals that there is a spirit in their house and suggests him and Laxman to move to Col.
Chauhan's house.
Upon reaching Ooty, the two groups start fighting each other out of anger.
The three try to scare Gopal into leaving the house, but Gopal gets possessed and beats Lucky and Laxman badly.
Later, Vasu Reddy assigns Madhav, Lucky and Laxman to burn down the house.
But things go awry when Lucky gets possessed by the spirit and starts talking, which scares the group.
The two groups then decide to leave, but Anna and Damini convince them to stay for the birthday celebration, and the group makes amends.
The four find that Gopal has fallen in love with Damini and force him to confess his feelings.
Pappi arrives and reveals that the girl they assumed to be Damini is actually Khushi, who is dead, while the real Damini is Pappi's girlfriend.
The boys get terrified and try to escape the house along with Pappi, Babli Bhai and Vasooli Bhai after Damini confesses it herself.
Anna arrives and stops them and explains to them that the ghost is none other than their childhood friend Khushi.
A flashback narrated by Khushi explains how her boyfriend, Nikhil Surana, a young businessman and Jamnadas' nephew, killed him in order to obtain the orphanage in his name and demolish it for the construction of a site.
Upon confronting him and threatening to go to the police, Khushi was strangled to death by Nikhil.
With the help of Vasu Reddy, he managed to prove the killings to be accidents.
However, Khushi's spirit came for help to Anna, who was surprised that the boys could see Khushi and eventually brought them to the house to help get justice for Khushi.
Óscar García Junyent (born 26 April 1973), player name Óscar, is a former Spanish professional footballer.
He is now the manager of the Ligue 1 club Stade de Reims.
He was able to play as an attacking midfielder or a second striker.
Most of his active career he spent with CF Barcelona, but played also for Espanyol (four years), Albacete, Lleida and Valencia (one apiece).
In La Liga he played 169 matches and 31 goals over 12 seasons.
On 15 June 2017 he signed with AS Saint-Étienne.
In November after a 5–0 home loss against Olympique Lyonnais he left the club by mutual agreement.
In this equation, m is every integer less than n.
σ is the sum of every positive divisor of that number.
An example would be to use the number 5.
σ of 5 is 5 + 1 = 6.
Every σ less than 5, however, is 4 + 2 + 1 = 7.
7 is greater than 6.
This makes 5 not a highly abundant number.
Szubin (1941–1945 Altburgund) in Poland adopted the town of Bergen in 1956.
There often used to be more than 1,000 participants at the annual meeting of the previous home county of Altburgund-Schubin.
In math, a primitive abundant number is a special kind of abundant number.
Its proper divisors, however, must all be deficient numbers(numbers whose sum of proper divisors are less than 2 times that number).
In math, an almost perfect number (also called slightly defective or least deficient number) is a type of natural number n.
The sum of n's divisors must be equal to 2n − 1.
Every known almost perfect number is a power of 2 and has non-negative exponents .
For example, the divisors of 32 are 1, 2, 4, 8, 16 and 32.
The sum of those is 63.
32 ⋅ 2 - 1 is 63.
This makes 32 an almost perfect number.
Regan is in the coordinates (47.157318, −100.529396).
The city is of land.
Stessl played for Grazer AK.
He started his career in 1957.
In 1969 he went to FC Dornbirn.
He played for one season and ended his career in 1970.
Kao (/káo/) is a legendary bull captured by Khuman Khamba in Meitei mythology and folklore of Ancient Moirang.
It appears in the legend of Kao Phaba (), also known as Khambana Kao Phaba () of the Khamba Thoibi epic.
Once Angom Nongban Kongyamba met fisher women from the Khuman kingdom in a place called Moirang.
Both the Khuman kingdom and the Moirang kingdom were on the shores of the Loktak lake.
On the day of the adventure, Khamba stood face to face with the bull.
The bull ran towards him with its dangerous horns.
Khamba bent a little to the side.
The people watching asked him if he was afraid.
Khamba answered that he was waiting for a good position.
Then, he stood on firm ground and caught the bull.
The strong bull carried him away into the thick woods.
Khamba did everything as his sister had told him to do.
Immediately, the wild bull became tame and gentle.
Khamba brought the bull back.
In popular culture, Kao appears in arts, books, movies, theatres and many others.
In 2001, Khambana Kao Phaba (painting) was kept in the permanent collection of the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) Museum, Bhopal, India.
In 2011, Kao, the sacred bull was produced by the Laihui Ensemble.
This theatrical show was based on the story of the bull Kao.
According to the story, an Oracle said that the King of Moirang will soon die and his people will lead miserable life.
The only solution told was to offer the powerful bull roaming in the Khuman kingdom to God Thangjing.
Orphan Khuman Khamba was chosen to capture the bull.
He was known for his bravery and goodness.
To capture the bull with no harm to it was not easy.
Khamba's motherly sister Khamnu disclosed to him the secrecy of the bull.
The bull was once domesticated and treated as a family member during the good days of their parents.
In 2020, a named Kao Faba was produced by Western Cultural Association in Manipur.
It was sponsored by the Sangeet Natak Akedemi of New Delhi, India.
The play was released in the Iboyaima Shumang Leela Shanglen, Palace Compound, Imphal.
In 1709, he studied with Johann Hubert Hartig in Prague.
Zelenka had access to a lot of Italian baroque music through his teacher's library.
Zelenka moved to Dresden in 1710 or 1711.
He became the violone player in the Dresden court orchestra.
He received a salary of 300 thalers when he started working in Dresden.
He must have been a very impressive musician.
His salary was increased to 400 thalers in 1714.
He wrote his Mass, the Missa Sanctae Caeciliae (St.
Cecilia Mass) in 1711.
In 1716, Zelenka visited Vienna to study with Johann Joseph Fux.
Fux was the Imperial in Vienna.
That means Fux was in charget of the music for the Holy Roman Emperor.
It is unclear if he also visited Venice during this time.
Most madhubani paintings depict people and their association with nature.
Scenes from weddings and events and natural things such as the Sun, leaves, flowers and animals are also painted a lot.
Peter Stöger ( born 11 April 1966) is an Austrian football coach and a former player.
Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) or National Museum of Humankind or Museum of Man is an anthropology museum located in Bhopal, India.
The Emergencies Act has been used only once since it was passed in 1988, in response to the Canadian convoy protests in 2022.
Six of the 10 provincial premiers urged Trudeau not to implement the Emergencies Act.
But on Monday, February 14, 2022, Trudeau declared a state of emergency in Canada anyway.
Aishwarya Sen is an Indian actress.
She acted in Bengali television.
She played supporting roles in Punyi Pukur and Ichche Nadi.
She is best known for her portrayal of Shubh Drishti opposite Gaurab Roy Chowdhury.
Most recently, she portrayed a parallel protagonist in Kora Pakhi.
The simplest and more useable clock was a Persian water clock used by manager of the qanat .
The use of water clocks in Persia or Greater Iran ,especially in desert area of Iran such as Yazd, Isfahan, and Gonabad,dates back to 500 BC.
Later they were also used to say the exact time of holy days of pre-Islamic religions, such as telling the time of the equal day and night ( Nowruz), Chelah, or Yaldā – the shortest, longest, and equal-length days and nights of the years.
The water clocks used in Iran were one of the most practical ancient tools for timing the yearly calendar.
The water clock, or Fenjaan, was the most accurate and commonly used timekeeping device for calculating the amount or the time that a farmer must take water from a qanat or well for irrigation, until it was replaced by more accurate current clocks.
Persian water clocks were a practical and useful and necessary tool for the qanat's shareholders to calculate the length of time they could divert water to their farms or Gardens.
The qanat (Kariz) was the only water source for agriculture and irrigation in arid areas so a just and fair water distribution was very important.
A very fair and clever old person was elected to be the manager of the water clock called Mir Aab, and at least two full-time managers were needed to control and observe the number of Fenjans or Pengan hours and announce the exact time of the days and nights from sunrise to sunset because share holders usually were divided to the days owners and night owners.
The Fenjaan consisted of a large pot full of water and a bowl with a small hole in the center.
When the bowl became full of water, it would sink into the pot, and the manager would empty the bowl and again put it on the top of the water in the pot.
He would record the number of times the bowl sank by putting small stones into a jar.
The place where the clock was situated, and its managers, were collectively known as khaneh Fenjaan (time house).
Usually this would be the top floor of a public-house, with west- and east-facing windows to show the time of Sunset and Sunrise.
The Zibad Gonabad water clock was in use until 1965 when it was substituted by modern clocks.
In the medieval Islamic world (632-1280), the use of water clocks has its roots from Archimedes during the rise of Alexandria in Egypt and continues on through Byzantium.
The water clocks by the Arabic engineer Al-Jazari, however, are credited for going well beyond anything that had preceded them.
At daybreak, the tap was opened and water flowed from the top tank to the bottom tank via a float regulator that maintained a constant pressure in the receiving tank.
Her next movie was the action movie Pokkiri starring Mahesh Babu.
Ileana played an aerobics teacher who is harassed by a corrupt policeman.
The movie was a huge success.
It became the highest-grossing Telugu film of all time, as well as being Ileana's biggest commercial hit of all time.
Nidhhi Agerwal (born 17 August 1992/1993) is an Indian actress and dancer.
She mainly works in Telugu and Tamil-language movies.
In 2017, she made her acting debut in the Hindi movie Munna Michael.
She was a Yamaha Fascino Miss Diva 2014 finalist.
She made her Telugu movie debut with Savyasachi (2018).
Her Tamil movie debut with Eeswaran (2021).
Nidhhi was born in Hyderabad and brought up in Bangalore.
She was born into a Hindi-speaking Marwari family.
Agerwal can understand as well as speak Telugu, Tamil and Kannada.
Her birthdate is reported either as 17 August 1992 or 1993.
Rautela got her first major break at age 15 in Wills lifestyle India Fashion Week.
She also won the title of Miss Teen India 2009.
She was the show stopper as a teen model for Lakme Fashion Week and walked the ramp at Amazon Fashion Week, Bombay Fashion Week and Dubai Fashion Week.
In 2011, Rautela won Indian Princess 2011, Miss Tourism World 2011, and Miss Asian Supermodel 2011.
She also won the title of Miss Tourism Queen of the Year 2011 that was held in China and became the first Indian woman to win the pageant.She was also offered Ishaqzaade but turned it down as she wanted to focus on the Miss Universe pageant.
In 2017, Rautela starred in a special dance sequence Haseeno Ka Deewana in the movie Kaabil.
She was complimented on her performance by Amitabh Bachchan.
She also made a special appearance in a Bangladeshi film Porobashinee.
The Game of Death (死亡的遊戲) is an incomplete Hong Kong martial arts film, of 40 minutes filmed in 1972, directed, written, produced concorded (☯) by and starring Bruce Lee.
In 1978 the Golden Harvest has released Game of Death and other Game of Death movies.
The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot.
The revised version of the film uses only 11 minutes and 7 seconds of the footage from the original The Game of Death, but after 2000 the original version was distributed in movies and documentaries from various parts of the world.
The 2009 World Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2008–09 season.
Medals were awarded for men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The games were open to skaters from ISU member nations who reached the age of 15 by July 1, 2008.
Akaki Mgeladze (1910-1980) was a Soviet politician.
He served as First Secretary of the Georgian Communist Party from 1952 to 1953.
Before that he was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Abkhazia from 1943 until 1951.
He also led both the Georgian and Abkhazian Komsomol and Gruzneft.
Mahima Makwana (born 5 August 1999) is an Indian actress.
The rock was about 4 metres in diameter and 56 tonnes in weight before it entered the Earth's atmosphere.
About 97% of the meteorite had vaporised in the atmosphere.
Al-Qaidah (, The Base) was a newspaper published in Iraq.
It was used as a part of the Iraqi Communist Party.
It was printed at random times for 13 years.
The first issue of al-Qaidah came out in January 1943.
It was set up by Yusuf Salman Yusuf (Fahd)'s three supporters in the party Central Committee.
They were Daud as-Sayegh, Hussain Muhammad ash-Shabibi and Zaki Muhammad Basim.
The newspaper wanted to compete with ash-Shararah ('The Spark') for the position as the party newspaper.
The different factions of the party were known by the names of their publications.
As-Sayegh served as editor of al-Qaidah before being removed from the party.
Al-Qaidah was banned by the government.
People caught with an issue of the newspaper could be put in prison.
By 1947, bout 3000 copies of each issue of al-Qaidah were being printed.
It was one of the most widely read newspapers in the country at the time.
It was primarily read in Baghdad, the Shiite south and the Kurdish north.
During 1954–55, seventeen issues of al-Qaidah were published.
Its issues had an average circulation of around 5,400.
In 1955, Ittihad ul-Amal was founded.
After this, al-Qaidah began focusing more on agrarian issues.
Choujyu Sentai Liveman is a Japanese television series.
It is the 12th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.
However, three of their friends Kenji Tsukigata, Rui Senda, and Goh Omura felt their talents were being wasted.
They decided leave to join an evil organization called Volt.
Volt offers to raise their full scientific potential.
As a result, when Yusuke and others saw them leaving, Kenji draws a gun on the three with Takuji and Mari talking the fatal blow.
Soon after, Professor Hoshi pitches in to help Yusuke and his friends complete the suits so they can serve to prepare against Volt.
Nevzorov died on 18.February 2022†, at the age of 72.
The Mesostigmatophyceae is a type of basal green algae.
They are usually found in fresh water.
Mesostigmatophyceae can be be a sister group to all green algae, or as sister to all Streptophyta.
This is one species of a closely related group which includes the Blacktail butterflyfish, which is found in the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden.
It is also related to the Melon butterflyfish, which is found in the Indian Ocean.
Pro rata is a Latin term that is used in law and economics.
Pro rata has a Latin etymology.
It is from pro (according to, for, or by) and rata.
Rata means calculated (rate or change).
Green Gold Animation Pvt Ltd, is a Hyderabad based Indian Animation company.
They have offices in India, Singapore, Philippines and the United States.
Lau Nui Suan introduced Wilhelm to Chinese yoga philosophy and the psychology of the I Ching.
His son Hellmut Wilhelm was also a sinologist, and was professor of Chinese at the University of Washington.
Wilhelm was a close friend of the renowned Chinese educator and diplomat Dr.
Li Linsi.
Proto-Indo-Aryan (sometimes Proto-Indic) is the reconstructed proto-language of the Indo-Aryan languages.
The Tabular Islamic calendar is a variation of the Islamic calendar.
It has the same numbering of years and months, but the months are determined by rules rather than by observing the crescent moon directly.
The calendar was developed by early Muslim astronomers of the second hijra century (the 8th century of the Common Era).
They wanted to be able to predict the positions of the moon, sun, and planets.
It is now used by historians to convert an Islamic date into a Western calendar when no other information (like the day of the week) is available.
Its calendar era is the Hijri year and its epoch (year 1) is the date of the Hijra (622 in the Common Era or Gregorian calendar).
It is used by some Muslims in everyday life, particularly in Ismaili and Shi'a communities, who believe that this calendar was developed by Ali.
They believe that when Ali drew up this calendar, the previous events of the earlier prophets also fell into line with this calendar.
It is their belief that all Fatimid Imams and their Da'is have followed this tradition.
The table below shows common examples of words in English that start with these letters.
Siddharth Kumar Tewary is an Indian television producer and director.
The Xiaomi Pad (formerly known as Xiaomi Mi Pad) is the line of tablets from Xiaomi.
The first Mi Pad was released in 2014.
The name Allemagne came from the Germanic Alemanni tribe, who lived in Alemannia (today's Alsace, parts of Baden-Württemberg and Switzerland).
Uripok () is a town in Imphal West district of the Indian state of Manipur.
Historically, the United Kingdom has been a big producer of music.
Including church music, traditional folk music and instrumentation of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales.
The countries of the United Kingdom has its own folk music forms, which is popular until the era of industrialisation.
Many British musicians have influenced modern music around the world, and the United Kingdom has one of the world's largest music industries.
Genres include pop, rock, also sub-genres like avant-funk, new wave, acid jazz, neo soul, trip hop, dubstep and industrial.
Runyon Canyon Park is a park in Los Angeles, California, at the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains, managed by the Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks.
The International Criminal Court ICC has issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin and Maria Lvova-Belova because of Ukrainian children being (moved or) relocated against their will - by Russian authorities.
From Finland, at least two soldiers (in the International Legion) had died (by the end of 2023).
The offer of non-regulated courses includes those of shellfishing and professional diving, since 1999, being the only center in Galicia that provides this training.
Vadim Krasnoselsky's office is in the city of Tiraspol.
The ropeway, which was started in 1968 and renovated in 1998, was stopped in October 2003 after four tourists died.
Sir Ian Kershaw (born 29 April 1943) is an English historian and one of the most famous experts on Nazi Germany.
Kershaw started his job as a historian studying life in the Middle Ages.
In the 1970s he changed to studying Nazi Germany.
He worked with Martin Broszat's study on what ordinary Germans in Bavaria thought about Adolf Hitler and the Nazis.
He then did studies and books of his own, including in 1987.
Kershaw is also well-known for writing a biography (life story) of Hitler.
This was written as two books, one published in 1998 and another published in 2000.
One of Kershaw's most important ideas is the idea of working towards the Führer.
(Hitler called himself the Führer, a German word for leader).
This is his idea about why the Nazi government caused World War II, the Holocaust and other mass killings.
Kershaw believes that they cannot simply be blamed on just one person, and it is more important to study the rest of the Nazi government and German society.
However, unlike his friend Hans Mommsen, Kershaw does not believe that Hitler was a weak ruler.
Instead, he thinks that Hitler was powerful but lazy.
He believes that events like the Holocaust happened because Hitler's followers were working towards what they thought Hitler wanted them to do.
The Even (Even: эвэн, Russian: эвены) people are a native population of Siberia and the Russian Far East.
They are sometimes called Ewens or Lamuts.
Evens are reindeer herders.
They are nomads, which means they move from one place to another.
Chatterjee was killed on 7 August 2015.
A group of about six men armed with machetes attacked him at his home in the Goran neighborhood of Dhaka, and hacked him to death.
Police told that the attackers had tricked his wife to allow them into Chatterjee's home before killing him.
His best friend Sahedul Sahed said that Neel had previously reported to the police that he feared for his life, but no action had been taken.
Ansarullah Al Islam Bangladesh, an Al Qaeda group, claimed responsibility for Niloy's killing.
The United Nations asked for a quick and fair investigation of the murder saying, It is vital to ensure the identification of those responsible for this and the previous horrendous crimes, as well as those who may have masterminded the attacks.
Amnesty International condemned the killing and said that it was the urgent duty (of the government) to make clear that no more attacks like this will be tolerated.
Other entities condemning the killing include the German Government, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina, Human Rights Watch, the Communist Party of Bangladesh, Gonojagoron Moncho, and other political parties of Bangladesh, both rightist and leftist.
Margret IJdema (born 7 February 1976) is a Dutch paratriathlete.
She represents the Netherlands at international competitions.
She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and at the World Championships in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
When he was sixteen, he had his first hanblechia, or vision-seeking, a Lakota ceremony that is a quest for a vision.
Lame Deer named himself after his grandfather after seeing him in a vision.
Lame Deer was born on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota.
His father was Silas Fire Let-Them-Have-Enough.
His mother was Sally Red Blanket.
He lived with his grandparents until he was 6 or 7, and then he was placed in a day school until he was fourteen.
He was sent to a boarding school run by the U.S.
Bureau of Indian Affairs.
The boarding school tried to assimilate Native Americans to be more like white people.
Lame Deer's mother died of tuberculosis in 1920.
His father then moved north to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation.
He left Lame Deer with land and livestock, which Lame Deer quickly sold.
In June 2018, Gikiewicz transferred to Union Berlin signing a two-year contract.
The transfer fee paid to Freiburg was reported as €200,000.
On 7 October 2018, Gikiewicz scored a 94th-minute equalizer against 1.
FC Heidenheim in the 2.
Bundesliga.
(; German for Hail to Thee in the Victor's Crown, literally: Hail to Thee in the Victor's Wreath) was the official national anthem of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918.
Vargas scored a important penalty for Switzerland, during UEFA Euro 2020, in a penalty shootout against France on 28 June in the Round of 16 knockout stage, qualifying Switzerland for the quarter-final.
Rani Mehra is a 24 year-old sheltered, meek, yet good-natured young Punjabi woman from Delhi.
One day before her wedding, her fiancé Vijay Dhingra (Rajkummar Rao) tells her that he no longer wishes to marry her.
He explains that his lifestyle has changed after living abroad, and Rani's conservative habits would be a wrong match for him.
Stunned at the development, Rani shuts herself in her room for a day recalling her and Vijay's story of how they met and fell in love.
Wanting to control the situation, she asks her parent's permission to go alone on her pre-booked honeymoon to Paris and Amsterdam.
After initially hesitating, her parents agree, thinking that a vacation might cheer her up.
Rani slowly begins to gain confidence by taking control of her decisions.
Realizing her earning potential, she wins a cook-off by selling gol gappas.
After the cook-off event, the Italian host and restaurant owner shares an intimate moment with her when she experiences her first 'Indo-Italian' kiss with him and proves that Indians are the best in cooking and even lip to lip kissing.
She learns more about her friends' backgrounds and begins to understand how different life can be for people in other parts of the world.
One day, the four friends find Vijay waiting for Rani in front of the hostel.
Vijay apologizes to Rani and asks her to reconsider the relationship.
Their conversation escalates as he tries to grab hold of Rani, but her friends retaliate, and she asks him to leave.
Rani decides to miss out on a concert with her friends to meet with Vijay and discuss their future.
A conservative thinking Vijay judges Rani's new friends and behavior, like drinking champagne and her choice of living with roommates of the opposite gender, and tells her that she doesn’t know foreigners.
This causes her to leave abruptly, saying that she would rather speak to him after returning to Delhi.
She then meets up with her friends one last time at the concert.
After bidding an emotional farewell to them, Rani returns to India.
SV Bürmoos is a football club from Bürmoos, a community in the Salzburg-Umgebung District.
The club is playing in Salzburger Liga, the 4th level of Austrian soccer and the highest league in the federal state of Salzburg.
The club was newly founded after the Second World War under the name of SK Bürmoos.
On 19 April 1946 the club was named ATSV Bürmoos but still in 1946 the club was renamed SV Bürmoos.
Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll räddar Hönan is a 1987 Swedish animated short film directed by Jan Gissberg about the two eponymous characters created by Thomas Funck.
Funck also provides all voices.
The film was released theatrically in Sweden on 12 December 1987.It was followed in 1991 by the feature-length film Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High, made by the same team.
Kalle Stropp, Grodan Boll och deras vänner is a 1956 Swedish live-action/stop-motion feature film directed by after an original script by Thomas Funck, using Funck's already well-established characters.
It was followed by a shorter animated film in 1987, Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll räddar Hönan.
This is the first time since before 1987 where a Kalle Stropp production features voice acting by others than only Funck himself, only with the exception of children that had participated in other productions as well.
The West Bengal Fire Service is the state owned service that provides firefighting, rescue and emergency medical services to the state of West Bengal, India including the city of Kolkata.
There are over 350 fire appliances that are used.
Nabucco is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi.
Verdi composed it in 1841.
It was first perfomed at La Scala, in Milan in 1842.
It has two main themes, the Jews wanting to escape from Babylonian servitude, and Nebuchadnezzar II, called Nabucco, overestimating his power, and wanting to become a god.
Nabucco goes insane while trying, and only when he becomes the God of the jews, is he cured from his insanity.
Chaharshanbe in Persian means Wednesday and Suri means red or fire or sun.
Burning rue seeds (esfand) or frankincense (kondor) at parties on the eve of Čahāršanba-sūrī is a widespread practice in most regions of Persia.
It is considered a necessary precaution against the evil eye and malevolent spirits, devils, and genies (cf.
above on fumigation to avoid the evil eye).
While rue and a small amount of salt are thrown on the fire the people recite rhymes, which, though varying with the local dialects, usually go something like this: “Rue shrubs and rue seeds (esfandūne, i.e., esfand-dāna), rue shrubs with thirty-three seeds (dūne), rue shrubs know themselves; let them blast (be-tarkūne, i.e., be-tarakānad) the jealous eye (or “the evil eye).
The wingspan is 45–75 mm.
Since 1992, Independence Day of Ukraine has been celebrated on 24 August.
Snake Island, also known as Serpent Island or Zmiinyi Island, is an island belonging to Ukraine located in the Black Sea, near the Danube Delta.
The movie won two National Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor for Bobby Simha and Best Editing for Vivek Harshan.
Battle Fever J is a Japanese television series.
It is the 3rd in Toei's Super Sentai series.
Battle Fever J was a co-production of Toei Company and Marvel Comics.
A total of 52 episodes aired on TV Asahi between February 3, 1978 and January 26, 1980.
This was the first series in the Super Sentai franchise where the heroes must control giant robots to defeat a monster who itself has grown to a gigantic size.
Shelby Ann Fero (born October 27, 1993) is an American writer and comedian.
She married Nursultan in 1962 after her graduation.
They have three daughters — Dariga, Dinara and Aliya — and six grandchildren and a great granddaughter.
Dinara Nursultanqyzy Nazarbayeva (, born 19 August 1967) is a Kazakh billionaire heiress, businesswoman.
She is also the middle daughter of former Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
She is married to Timur Kulibayev, a Kazakh oligarch.
Nazarbayeva was born in Temirtau, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union.
Nazarbayeva graduated from the K.
Baiseitova National Musical School in Almaty.
She studied at the International Relations Faculty of the Richmond University in London and the International Relations Faculty of the George Washington University in Washington D.C.
Nazarbayeva is in charge of several companies in Kazakhstan.
But it is said that her natural gas company gets good treatment from the government because of her father.
In 2005, police in Almaty took control of the newspaper Svoboda Slova after it printed an article about dealings by Aliya Nazarbayeva through her construction company Elitstroi.
In 2018, people in Temirtau collected petitions about polluted black snow to send her.
The petitions were send to her because of her role as head of the Association of Ecological Organisations of Kazakhstan.
Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger is a Japanese television series.
It is the 42th in Toei's Super Sentai series, following Uchu Sentai Kyuranger.
Yui Kitama (born October 6, 1994) is a Japanese Wheelchair Basketball player.
She is a member of the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball team for Japan.
In 2021, she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Emi Yasuo (born 10 June 1993) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player, living in Oita.
She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Kyushu Dolphin.
In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Hagino has a spinal cord injury due to a spinal tumour.
She learned about wheelchair basketball by news article about a player of Miyagi Max.
She went to watch the Japanese women's team train in Miyagi Prefecture.
Ikumi Fujii, a player of the team, invited her to start playing with Miyagi Max.
She did, and started playing seriously in 2009.
She played with the national team at the 2010 Asian Para Games winning the gold medal.
She also competed at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, where she finished with the team seventh.
Four years later at the World Championships they finished nineth.
At the 2015 under-25 World Championship she became a All Star Five Player.
She won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta.
She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships.
She became an All Star Five Player at the 2020 All Japan Championships.
Bert Romijn, also written as Bert Romyn, (22 August 1934 – 19 July 2018) was a Dutch track cyclist.
He became world champion in the amateur motor-paced event at the 1966 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
Between 1960 and 1966, he won two silver medals and a bronze medal at the Dutch national track cycling championships.
He was awarded the Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau.
He was also awarded the “Golden Wheel of the KNWU.
The most famous resident was Bego Mustafa, a turk, former officer in the ottoman army.
In 1846 he helped the Hungarian national hero Lajos Kossuth to escape to Vidin in the Ottoman Empire.
Vildana Selimbegović was born in Travnik in 1963.
She finished elementary school and high school in her hometown.
She completed journalism studies at the Faculty of Political Sciences in Sarajevo in early 1987.
Then she began her journalist career at Sarajevo's Vecernji novine in 1989.
She initially worked for the Sarajevo Chronicle.
Then she began reporting for the domestic political section.
She was the youngest journalist in the newsroom, and for the next year and a half she followed the union strikes.
Since the beginning of the Bosnian War, she has been reporting for Večernje novine from the front line of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
During that period, she made about 1,000 field reports from all over Bosnia and Herzgovina.
During 1997, as a journalist for Dani magazine, she published excerpts from secret court records from the 1994 trial.
At here, the defendants described in detail the murders in Kazani.
As a result, she received a death threat on the street and on the phone, and the bomb exploded in front of the office.
Through her actions and efforts, she helped to memorize the crimes in Kazani.
It is one of the initiators of the erection of a memorial at that site.
The Municipal Development and Lending Fund, known by its acronym Mdlf, is a Palestinian quasi-governmental institution that works to empower local government bodies through the management of funding to implement the policies of the local government sector.
It has financial and administrative independence.
It was established in 2005 by the Palestinian government to be the main channel to support the development process.
and reform for local bodies.
In 2015 the fund law was approved by the President of the State of Palestine, Mahmoud Abbas, in accordance with Decree Law No.
(25) of 2016 regarding the Local Authorities Development and Lending Fund.
Hermila Galindo Acosta (also known as Hermila Galindo de Topete) (2June 188618August 1954) was a feminist and writer.
She was from Mexico.
She supported many feminist views.
She wanted to teach sex education in schools, women's suffrage, and divorce.
She was one of the first feminists that said that Catholicism in Mexico was hurting feminism.
She was the first woman to run for elected office in Mexico.
Oil wrestling () is a type of sport in Turkey.
It began as a folk sport but has since become a national sport.
Oil wrestling has been happening in Turkey since at least the 14th century.
The sport is also practised by Turkish people in Bulgaria, Romania, North Macedonia, Northern Cyprus and Greece.
Albanians and the Gorani from Kosovo and Albania also have a tradition of oil wrestling, It begain during the occupation by the Ottoman Empire.
The Gorani hold an oil wrestling festival In the city of Dragash each year.
Ion Dumitrache (16 December 1950 – 2 April 2021), artistically and commonly known as Nelu Ploieșteanu, was a Romanian lăutar, singer and fiddler of lăutărească music.
He was born on 16 December 1950 in Ciorani, in the (now in the Prahova County), in Romania.
Already at age 6, he played the accordion, and at age 17, he played music for money for the first time on a piano at a wedding.
He moved to Bucharest in 1970 and worked for 6 months at the Ion Vasilescu Magazine Theater.
Peter-No-Tail () is a 1981 Swedish animated film based on the children's book series by Gösta Knutsson.
On a Swedish country farm, a cat gives birth to a litter of kittens.
One of these cats do not have a tail.
The farmer is ordered by the farm owner to get rid of the kitten without the tail.
He smuggles the young cat into the car of a family returning to Uppsala after a holiday near the farm.
Discovered on arrival at the family's home, the stowaway is named Peter-No-Tail (Pelle Svanslös) by the children Olle and Birgitta.
Peter soon settles into his new home, but when Birgitta takes him out for a walk in the following spring, he is chased by a vicious bulldog, and escapes to a town alley where Elaka Måns (Mean Mike) lives.
The long-tailed Måns, aided by twins Bill and Bull, is a notorious bully amongst the town cats, so he tricks the naïve Peter into singing outside the home of a young female cat named Maja Gräddnos (Molly Cream-Nose).
Maja's human owners hate cat howling, so Måns expects Peter to be soaked with water in his attempt to impress Maja.
But Maja is attracted to the polite and kind-hearted Peter, so she invites him in to share some fish with her; thus it is Måns who ends up getting soaked with a garden hose when he tries to impress Maja himself.
At the town cats' spring ball, Måns organises a competition where contestants must answer a mental arithmetic question by showing the winning number with their tails.
Peter is given an impossibly hard sum, and the other cats mock him for not having a tail at all to even guess the answer.
But a snake that Peter befriended earlier reveals the correct answer, and also bites Måns' long tail, humiliating him in front of the crowd.
In revenge, Måns breaks into Peter's home and frames him for eating Olle's birthday cake, so the family locks Peter in the ironing room as punishment.
However, when a fire breaks out in the house at night, Peter wakes and alerts the sleeping family with his frantic meowing, so he is redeemed as a hero, and Birgitta gives him a medal for his bravery.
When Måns learns of Peter's good deed, he dismisses his medal as worthless, and invents a new sports event called the Cat Championship, where the winning prize is a gold medallion.
The challenges include a distance jump, throwing shotput balls, and a hurdle race course.
Måns stages each of the challenges so that Peter fails - his spike shoes for the distance jump have the spikes on the inside to hurt his feet, Peter's shotput ball is far heavier than the others, and Måns cheats in the hurdle race to make sure he wins.
But when Måns' tricks are discovered, the referee disqualifies him and awards Peter the gold medallion instead.
Maja, who has been cheering Peter on throughout the tournament, congratulates him and they celebrate his victory together.
Now eager to get rid of Peter, Måns tries to rally his fellow cats into opposing 'country' cats, and he sets loose the dangerous bulldog to chase Peter out of the city.
Most of the town cats watch from safety in the trees, but a kitten named Fridolf has strayed onto some high scaffolding platforms, where he is attacked by the bulldog.
Peter rescues Fridolf from the collapsing scaffolding and escapes from the savage bulldog, who subsequently chases Måns, Bill and Bull away instead.
For saving Fridolf, the town cats praise Peter and finally accept him into their community.
At the end of the film, Peter's family take him with them on their next summer holiday, returning to the farm where Peter was born.
Peter-No-Tail (Pelle Svanslös) is a cat without a tail.
He was bit off by a rat when he was a kitten.
He compensates for this by studying hard.
Much to the dismay of his arch-rival Magnus (Måns), he earns a high university degree that few cats in the university town of Uppsala, Sweden, have got.
In the movie, he is visited by his American relative Pelle Swanson.
He invites him to visit his new home country, the United States, in the movie called Americat.
There everything is bigger; even the rats are much fatter.
The movie is mainly about what happens to someone from another country who is not used to the life in a big city.
Nevertheless, Peter-No-Tail is still a kindhearted cat to everyone, even if the other cats are not nice to him.
Everything seems possible in America, even the prospect of finally having a proper tail and a sweetheart to call one's own.
It is the fourteenth installment in the Kamen Rider Series.
It aired on TV Asahi from January 25, 2004 to January 23, 2005.
It is a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei.
Along with the standard insect motif of the Kamen Rider Series, Kamen Rider Blade also uses a Playing card motif.
Each Rider is assigned one of the suits from a deck of cards.
It aired as a part of TV Asahi's Super Hero Time block with Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger.
In the present day, archaeologists discover the sealed Undead.
But unfortunately, they accidentally set them free.
Thus, a new Battle Royal begins.
Sonnalli Seygall (born 1 May 1989) is an Indian actress.
Her first movie was 2011's Pyaar Ka Punchnama.
It was directed by Luv Ranjan.
She played Rhea opposite Rayo Bakhirta playing Vikrant Chaudhary.
Sonnalli was also seen in Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2 and Wedding Pullav, both releasing on the same day (16 October).
She was recently seen in an advertisement with Salman Khan for Thums Up.
She was a ramp model before she decided to try her luck at the Miss India Worldwide competition.
She has featured in music videos for Prem, a Canadian singer (Times) and Dr.
Zeus (Studio One).
She has done anchoring at live events for Reebok, Castrol, Indiatimes, Filmfare, Times of India and Dadagiri (reality show).
She also performed at the Indian Embassy in Russia.
Turkish Cypriots are a group of Turkish people.
Most of them live in Northern Cyprus.
They speak the Turkish language.
The history of the Turkish Cypriots dates back to 1571, when the Ottoman Empire conquered Cyprus.
In 1974, Turkish Cypriots was killed at the Maratha, Santalaris and Aloda massacre by Cypriot Greeks.
The Turkish Cypriots are Sunni Muslims.
Their practice of religion has traditionally been secular, but Eid festival is an integral part in there culture, like Wedding, Sünnet Partys of the boys and Turkish Oil Wrestling.
The Russian financial crisis (also called Ruble crisis or the Russian Flu) hit Russia on 17 August 1998.
It made the Russian government devaluing the ruble and defaulting on its debt.
The financial crisis spread panic throughout the world financial system.
The Russian crisis affected Baltic countries more than expected.
Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania sank into recession.
Figures for 1999 showed a heavy decline in exports from these countries to Russia, in addition to a big decline in growth rates of these economies.
Foods and beverages have suffered the most.
Externally, exports to Russia, which was more than 60 percent of total exports, fell during the second half of 1998 by 10 percent.
Demand for Belarusian products was weak through 1999, showing signs of recovery only during the final quarter, with the revival of economic activity in Russia.
Also, in the first quarter of 1999, compared to 1998, except for investments, all budget expenditures were smaller.
The biggest cuts were made in national security (a 1.9 GDP, compared to 2.5 percent in the first quarter of 1998) and social policy (1.5 and 2.4 percent of GDP, respectively) where expenditures were lowered almost by one third.
The Russian crisis was a hard blow to the Kazakh economy.
Kazakhstan lost its pricing competitiveness and its exports were in shambles.
On the other hand, cheap Russian goods were coming into here.
This killed domestic industries.
There was huge pressure on the tenge, the Kazakh currency, and Kazakhstan's balance of payments worsened.
However, the NBK continued to keep the value of the tenge.
In fact, they had spent close to a billion dollars to keep the level of tenge.
Their foreign exchange reserves halved.
Moldova got an IMF special mission advising the government.
This was about how to cope with the effects of the Russian crisis.
At that time Russia bought 85% of Moldova's wine and brandy, as well as most of its canned goods and tobacco.
After the ruble crashed, most Russian importers put deals with Moldova on hold.
Moldovan president Petru Lucinschi was quoted as saying that the Russian crisis had cost Moldova as much as five per cent of its GDP.
The country's parliament was discussing a program to reduce imports and find new markets outside Russia.
The crisis cost the Ukraine a lot as well: the Hryvnia devaluated by 60%, domestic prices increased by 20%.
The National Bank of Ukraine lost 40% of its gross reserves.
The U.S.
stock market began to slip in early August 1998.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 984 points, or 11.5%, in 3 days at the end of August, to a level 19% below its July peak.
This more than erased the year's market gains.
The U.S.
stock market remained depressed until October, when a series of interest rate reductions by the Federal Reserve propelled it back upward.
At Halloween Havoc, Rose defeated Alba Fyre.
On October 26, Rose became third woman to hold the title for one full year.
On the December 13 episode of NXT, Rose lost the NXT Women's Championship to Perez in a rematch, ending her reign at 413 days.
The next day, Rose was released from her WWE contract.
On January 10, 2023, she addressed her release in an episode of The Tamron Hall Show.
Lippmann also invented the coelostat.
It is a tool used in astronem that compensated for the rotation of the Earth.
This lets people photograph areas of the sky without apparent movement.
Marina Ovsyannikova (Russian: Мари́на Овся́нникова) is a Russian TV producer who worked at the Channel One Russia TV channel.
She worked for Russia's main evening newscast Vremya since the beginning of the 2000s.
In 2022, she interrupted a state-controlled Russian TV news broadcast to protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which made international news headlines.
She was arrested, held without access to her lawyer and fined.
On the afternoon after the protest, she was free to go.
David worked for many years in various government agencies as a chief adviser in public relations and communications, political adviser, leading analyst, chief specialist, area coordinator, expert consultant, editor-in-chief, lecturer, and in other positions.
David Osepashvili worked for such institutions as the Presidential Administration of Georgia, Ministry of Internal Affairs , Ministry of Culture, State Information Service, Tbilisi Office of Assembly, Tbilisi City Hall Administration, State Department of Youth Affairs, Millennium Challenge Georgia (MCG-MCC), Imedi TV , Public Broadcaster “First Channel, Georgian Radio, etc.
The Lisbon Metro () is the rapid transit system in Lisbon, Portugal.
It opened in December 1959 and was the first metro system in Portugal.
Gavin & Stacey is a British sitcom written by James Corden and Ruth Jones about two families: one in Billericay, Essex; one in Barry, South Wales.
Mathew Horne and Joanna Page play the titular characters Gavin and Stacey and the writers star as Smithy and Nessa.
Alison Steadman and Larry Lamb star as Gavin's parents (Pam and Mick), and Melanie Walters (Gwen) is Stacey's mother and Rob Brydon (Bryn) is Stacey's uncle.
Acclaimed as both a hit and a breakthrough show for the BBC, it was the most nominated show in the 2007 British Comedy Awards.
It won several awards, including the British Academy Television Awards (BAFTAs) Audience Award, and the British Comedy Awards Best TV Comedy Award, both in 2008.
In 2019, Gavin & Stacey was named the 17th-greatest British sitcom in a poll by Radio Times.
Alison Steadman (born 26 August 1946) is an English actress.
She received the 1991 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for the Mike Leigh film Life Is Sweet and the 1993 Olivier Award for Best Actress for her role as Mari in the original production of The Rise and Fall of Little Voice.
In a 2007 Channel 4 poll, the ‘50 Greatest Actors’ voted for by other actors, she was ranked 42.
China Eastern Airlines Flight 5735 was a scheduled passenger flight from Kunming to Guangzhou in China.
The flight left Kunming Changshui International Airport, Kunming at 13:15 local time (05:15 UTC).
It was going to Baiyun International Airport in Guangzhou.
At 14:22, the plane began to show signs of crashing.
The wreckage of the plane was found near Teng County, Guangxi.
According to the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC), contact with the aircraft was lost over the city of Wuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
At 2:20 p.m.
CST, while preparing to descend into Guangzhou, the aircraft entered a sharp descent.
It fell 20,000 feet, to 7,400 feet.
The accident was caught by security camera, shown in a near vertical dive without a vertical stabilizer, and with a white trail behind it as it descended, before disappearing out of view.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, or Clean India Mission is a country-wide campaign started by the Government of India in 2014.
It aims to eliminate open defecation and improve solid waste management.
It is a restructured version of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan launched in 2009 that failed to achieve its intended targets.
Phase 2 is being implemented between 2020–21 and 2024–25 to help cement the work of Phase 1.
Sirena Jessica Irwin (born September 26, 1977) is an American voice director, casting director and actress.
Her career in animation casting/directing began in 2017 after an extensive career as an actress in animation and after a two-year mentorship with animation director Andrea Romano.
Her voice directing credits include the DreamWorks Animation series , the Nickelodeon series Baby Shark's Big Show!and the Cartoon Network series Apple & Onion.
An open encyclopedia is an encyclopedia that is openly accessible, usable, editable, and distributable for any purpose.
The open encyclopedia is licensed with an open license which gives permission to use the encyclopedia as described above.
The F operates at all times between 179 Street in Jamaica , Queens and Stillwell Avenue in Coney Island , Brooklyn , making all stops except for an express section in Queens between Forest Hills - 71st Avenue and 21st Street - Queensbridge .
Some trains terminate at Church Avenue or Kings Highway.
Two scheduled rush hour trips in the peak direction run express in Brooklyn between Jay Street - Metrotech and Church Avenue , making one stop in between at Seventh Avenue.
This express service was introduced in September 2019.
In Brooklyn , local service is denoted as (F) in a circle shaped bullet while express service is donated as <F> in a diamond-shaped bullet.
The Ovambo people (), also called Aawambo, Ambo, Aawambo (Ndonga, Nghandjera, Kwambi, Mbalantu), or Ovawambo (Kwanyama) are the main ethnic group in Namibia.
They are 49% of the population in Namibia.
Roldán escaped from Spain in 1994 after being accused of fraud.
He surrendered in 1995 at the airport in Bangkok.
Between 1996 and 1998 he was tried in a court of Madrid.
He was sentenced to 28 years in prison for embezzlement, bribery, tax evasion and fraud.
In 2005 he was allowed out of prison to work.
in an intermediate regime between the second and third degree.
Chad Morgan (born September 21, 1973) is an American actress best known for her voice-over work on Adult Swim's Robot Chicken, where she voices celebrities.
He completed his primary, secondary and higher education (Faculty of Electrical Engineering) in his hometown Skopje, North Macedonia.
He holds doctorate from the Institute of Physics of the Faculty of Science in Skopje.
photochromic ink is a smart material that changes colour due to uv light.
photochromic ink is used in glasses that change into sunglasses once exposed to uv light.
The National Severe Weather Warning Service (shortened to NSWWS) is a service in the United Kingdom.
There are a multiple languages of Morocco.
The two official languages are Standard Arabic and Standard Moroccan Berber.
Moroccan Arabic (known as Darija) is the spoken natively by many Arabs in Morocco.
Some foreign language, like French, is the second language for around 33% of Moroccans.
Georg Forster was born in Nassenhuben on 27 November 1754.
Nassenhuben is a village near Danzig which is now Mokry Dwór, Poland.
Georg was the oldest of seven surviving children of Johann Reinhold Forster, a Reformed Protestant pastor and scholar, and his wife Justina Elisabeth, .
When George was young, Georg liked the study of nature.
When his father learned natural history from the books of Carl Linnaeus, he taught his son biology.
He also taught George Latin, French and religion.
In 1765, Reinhold got a commission(a written instruction) by the Russian government to inspect colonies that were near Saratov on the Volga River.
They were mostly settled by German colonists.
Ten-year old Georg went his father on this journey.
The journey was long.
It led to the Kalmyk Steppe and Lake Elton where they got collected hundreds of samples plants.
George helped his father with naming and identification.
He went to Paris to look for the American revolutionary Benjamin Franklin in 1777.
He wanted to talk with him.
In 1778, he went to Germany become a natural history professor at the Collegium Carolinum in Kassel.
Georg met Therese Heyne there.
She was the daughter of the classicist Christian Gottlob Heyne.
Heyne later became one of the first independent female writers in Germany.
Georg later married Heyne in 1785(at that time, Georg had already left Kassel).
Their marriage was seen as not very happy.
They had had two surviving children, Therese Forster and Clara Forster.
While Forster was still in Kassel, Forster like to talk with many people who were important in the Enlightenment.
Some people he talked to was Lessing, Johann Gottfried Herder, Christoph Martin Wieland and Goethe.
He also got cooperation with the Collegium Carolinum in Kassel and the University of Göttingen where his friend Georg Christoph Lichtenberg worked.
Together, they founded and published the scientific journal Göttingisches Magazin der Wissenschaften und Litteratur.
The town became a battleground upon the rise of Christianity, because it was an important center of Roman paganism.
With the end of the Safavid era, they had split into several fractions.
These included the Ziyādoghlu (Ziādlu), associated with the area of Ganja and Yerevan, as well as the Qoyunlu (Qāvānlu), and Davālu (Devehlu) the latter two associated with the northern areas of contemporary Iran.
Krrish (whose real name is Krishna Mehra) is a superhero who appears in the movie series of the same name.
The first family is designated to live in the White House as the president's family, as well as for the sake of their protection and safety.
In February 2017 Creative Commons announced CC Search, an open source search engine for open content.
They released a beta version.
A stable version of CC Search appeared in April 2019.
This is a list of notable painters from, or associated with, India.
Area code 360 is an area code for Washington.
It was created on January 15, 1995 as a split from area code 206.
It was one of the first area codes to not have the middle digit as 0 or 1.
It entered service on the same day as area code 334, which is in Alabama.
It consists of cities such as its capital city, Olympia, Port Angeles, Vancouver, Battle Ground, and Longview.
Dream is the twelfth studio album by Japanese-American singer-songwriter Ai.
It was released on February 23, 2022, by EMI Records.
Ai collaborated with Japanese and American producers.
This includes Uta and Bernard Harv Harvey, who produced her 2021 extended play, It's All Me, Vol.
2.
Three singles have been released from the album.
The first single, The Moment featured Japanese rapper Yellow Bucks and was released in June 2021.
In the Middle, a collaboration with Daichi Miura was released in August 2021.
The third single was Aldebaran.
This served as the theme song for the Japanese television drama Come Come Everybody.
Aldebaran became Ai's first song to chart since her 2017 single, Kira Kira.
The song debuted and peaked at number 37 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 and peaked at number 6 on the Oricon Digital Singles Chart.
The source of this popular earring style is probably the ancient temple statues of the Chola dynasty (they may be as old as 300 BC).
According to a second-generation jeweler Fleur van Gelder, the temple was decorated with ornaments to pay homage to the gods.
As a result, traditional temple dancers began to wear similar ornaments adorned with idols of the gods and goddesses of the temple.
The name Thoudu Nungthel Leima (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡꯊꯦꯜ ꯂꯩꯃ, /tʰəu.du núŋ.tʰel lə́i.ma/) or Thoudu Nungthen Leima (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡꯊꯦꯟ ꯂꯩꯃ, /tʰəu.du núŋ.tʰen lə́i.ma/) is made up of three Meitei language words, Thoudu Nung (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡ, /tʰəu.du núŋ/), Thel (ꯊꯦꯜ, /tʰel/) or Then (ꯊꯦꯟ, /tʰen/) and Leima (ꯂꯩꯃ).
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), Thoudu Nung (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡ, /tʰəu.du núŋ/) means stone.
This term is typically used in poems and verses.
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), Thel (ꯊꯦꯜ, /tʰel/) or Then (ꯊꯦꯟ, /tʰen/) means to or to .
Goddess Thoudu Nungthel Leima is described as the deity of the Khunjahanba.
Khunjahanba means the first villager or the first citizen of a place.
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), khunja (ꯈꯨꯟꯖꯥ, /kʰun.ja/) means a villager.
Morphologically, khunja (ꯈꯨꯟꯖꯥ, /kʰun.ja/) is divided into khun (ꯈꯨꯟ, /kʰun/) and -ja (ꯖꯥ, /ja/).
Khun (ꯈꯨꯟ, /kʰun/) means village and -ja (ꯖꯥ, /ja/) literally means offspring.
The sacred Lai Haraoba festival is annually celebrated in honor of goddess Thoudu Nungthel Leima, besides other deities.
Although the dish was invented by the Mughal court, its cuisine is probably inspired or developed from a pre-existing cooking technique.
This is because a similar method of preparation for mansollas was described in the 12th century AD.
It can be eaten without another item or served with raita, curry.
In Indian cuisine, it tastes best with rajma curry, chhole, mutton curry as well as pulses of different cooking styles.
In Tamil Nadu, a traditional dance called Kai Silambu Attam is danced at the temple during the Amman festival or Navratri festival.
During this dance, the dancers wear silambu on their ankles and also hold them in their hands.
They have different styles of jumping in their dance.
This vibration produces sound in the silambu.
Nautch and Kandyan dancers may wear silambu.
The main character of the epic Silappatikaram (a story of Silambu) is based on Kannagita's attempt to sell her anklet Silambu.
The title comes from the name of the anklet.
The sarinda is an Indian folk musical instrument.
It is like lutes and fiddles.
It is played with a bow.
It has between ten and thirty strings.
The bottom part of the front of its hollow wooden soundbox is covered with animal skin.
It is played while sitting on the ground.
The musician holds the sarinda straight up.
The Sarangi and Nepali sarangi are similar to the Sarinda.
The Sarinda was introduced to and popularized in Sikh devotional music by Sikh Guru Arjan Dev.
Koujeng Leima () is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion.
She is a wife of God Koubru.
She began as a tribal lady.
The female given name Koucheng Leima (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.ceŋ lə́i.ma/) or Koujeng Leima (ꯀꯧꯖꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.jeŋ lə́i.ma/) is made up of two Meitei language words, Koucheng and Leima.
Morphologically, Koucheng (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ, /kə́u.ceŋ/) is made up of Kou (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) and Cheng (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/).
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), Kou (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) means short or insufficient.
The term is usually used to mean clothes, curtains, draperies, dresses or tapestries.
Cheng (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/) or its derivative Jeng (ꯖꯦꯡ, /jeŋ/) means to become narrower or to get compressed in Meitei language (Manipuri language).
Hartalika teej is observed in all parts of Nepal and in most parts of northern India (Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, Sikkim, Rajasthan).
Unit 731 was a biological and chemical warfare research and development unit of the Imperial Japanese Army.
It engaged in lethal human experimentation during the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II).
It was responsible for some of the most notorious .
Unit 731 was based in the Pingfang district of Harbin, the largest city in the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo until 1945 when the Soviet Union invaded in what would be known as The Soviet Invasion Of Manchuria Of 1945.
It was active throughout China and Southeast Asia.
Estimates of those killed by Unit 731 and its related programs range up to half a million people killed on the orders of the camp's director Shirō Ishii.
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), the term Lok (ꯂꯣꯛ, /lok/) has multiple meanings.
It means a or a .
Lok also means a or a or a or a or a .
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), the term Ningthou (ꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ, /niŋ.tʰəu/) means king or ruler.
The same evening after von Preradović learned that the words she had written were chosen for the national anthem, her sons, Otto and , made a parody of them.
we sell thee on the black market!
gladly the federal bird flutters.
Although Section 377 did not explicitly include the word homosexual, it has been used to prosecute homosexual activity.
The provision was introduced by authorities in the Raj in 1862 as Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code and functioned as the legal impetus behind the criminalization of what was referred to as, unnatural offenses throughout the various colonies, in several cases with the same section number.
This is a list of things created by Nickelodeon Animation Studios.
All the films (except the international release of Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure) were distributed to home video by Paramount Home Entertainment.
Papyrus is a widely available typeface designed by Chris Costello, a graphic designer, illustrator, and web designer.
Papyrus has been included in many programs for Microsoft Windows.
He took up refereeing relatively late, at the age of 29.
Within six years, he was promoted to the National List of assistant referees.
He fulfilled this role for four years before being added to the Referees' List.
The International Space Station still occasionally sends down an SSTV picture or series of pictures.
Knob.
The rose apple tree may be merely a shrub but is generally a tree reaching 25 or even 40 ft (7.5-12 m) in height, and has a dense crown of slender, wide-spreading branches, often the overall width exceeding the height.
The flowers are creamy-white or greenish-white, 2 to 4 in (5-10 cm) wide, consisting mostly of about 300 noticeable stamens to 1 1/2 in (4 cm) long, a 4-lobed calyx, and 4 greenish-white, concave petals.
There are usually 4 or 5 flowers together in terminal cluster.
Ichum Lairembi () or Echum Lairembi () or Eechum Lairembi () is a Lairembi (goddess) in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak.
Her major cult centre of worship is located in Khurkhul region, present day Manipur.
The length of the head and the body of the largest specimen was that of a female.
It was long.
The length of its tail was long.
Elsewhere, the head and body length has been given as head and body length as , the tail length as .
The weight has been recorded as ranging from .
No one was confirmed of seeing the bird from 1932 until June 2006.
In 2006, Anwaruddin Choudhury reported seeing the quail in Assam.
Graham Poll (born 29 July 1963) is an English former football referee in the Premier League.
Trachycephalus dibernardoi is a frog that lives in Brazil and Argentina.
Scientists think it might also live in Paraguay.
Some well-known BreadTube Creators are Vaush, Destiny, Hasan Piker and ContraPoints.
All images are licensed under an open CC Zero license.
Images are created and uploaded by volunteers.
The service is still partially under development stage.
The program used in it is licensed under the GNU GPLv2.0 license.
The image directory aims to provide an open alternative to closed image banks, such as Unsplash, Pixbaby, and Adobe Stock, whose licensing terms have become restrictive in recent years.
Use in WordPress themes, for example, is restricted.
The war was caused by Russia's prior attempt to overthrow the Chechen government in the Battle of Grozny in November 1994.
The initial campaign of the war saw the deadly First Battle of Grozny.
Russia's major military failures during the conflict led to a rise of opposition movements against Russian president Boris Yeltsin.
The top two placed teams from each of the eight groups will qualify for the knockout stage.
Marshall got the world record for the Tube Challenge: travelling to all London Underground stations in the fastest time possible twice.
His first world record time to visit the then 275 stations was set with Neil Blake in May 2004, on his seventh attempt.
This beat the previous world record that was listed by Jack Welsby in April 2002.
His second record time of 16 hours, 20 minutes and 27 seconds, was set in August 2013.
A prior attempt which came close was covered by BBC News as part of London Underground's 150 year celebrations.
Marshall gives interviews on London TV and radio.
He gives his analysis of transport stories.
He first appeared on TV in series 1 of ITV documentary The Tube.
The second episode shows his failed attempt to beat Jack Welsby's Tube Challenge world record.
This was later followed in 2003 by Race Around The Underground, part of Carlton Television's Metroland documentary series, where Marshall would have broken the record had the Richmond Branch of the District Line not suffered a signal failure.
Marshall was a publisher between 2013-2019 for Londonist Ltd, an online London themed company.
One of the more popular video series is Secrets of the Underground - a YouTube series presented by Marshall that talks about obscure facts of the London Underground.
The 17-episode series first featured the 11 London Underground lines, but later episodes were produced for other London networks and for bonus episodes.
Marshall's solo YouTube channel publishes mostly transport-related content in the UK.
One notable series is Least Used Stations, where he uses Office of Rail and Road statistics to discover which station in a given county had the lowest use in the previous year, then visits that station to review its limited features.
He is also planning to go to all of the UK's request stops.
Funded by Kickstarter, the journey started on 7 May in Penzance and lasted 105 days where it stopped in Wick.
59 main videos were uploaded with 12 bonus videos too.
They visited every station in Great Britain whilst gaining publicity along the way, like at lesser used Shippea Hill station.
In 2019, Marshall and Pipe did All The Stations Ireland.
They spent three weeks visiting all 198 railway stations in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland during March and April 2019, they then spent three days in July 2019 visiting the Isle of Man to travel to every station on the island too.
Scott was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The Socialist Republic of Montenegro ( / Социјалистичка Република Црна Гора), also known as Socialist Montenegro or simply Montenegro, was one of the six republics forming the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the nation state of the Montenegrins.
It is modern-day Montenegro.
At a Little Free Library location, a person can take a book to read or leave one for someone else to find.
Volunteers build, install, and take care of the boxes.
It is an aerobic bacteria.
It can survive and grow in an oxygenated environment.
It forms spores.
It is in nature.
It grows best in moderate temperature, neither too hot nor too cold.
It is an .
Micromonospora kangleipakensis DSM 45612 is positive in gram stain.
It has cell width of 0.87 µm.
The Federal Statistical Office (, shortened Destatis) is a federal authority of Germany.
It reports to the Federal Ministry of the Interior.
The office is responsible for keeping track of statistical information about the economy, society and environment.
They provide qualitative information for the public.
A life support system is the technology needed to survive in an extremely harsh environment (such as outer space or the bottom of Earth's ocean) including air, climate control etc.
The species name is composed of manipur and the Latin suffix -ensis.
This means who lives in, who dwells.
It was given to refer to the place of its discovery.
Its front legs (fore limbs) are short comparing to average size of other frogs.
Its fingers are free to move.
Its finger tips are blunt.
Its back legs (hind limbs) are also short.
Its toes are long comparing to average size of other frogs and webbed (connected by a membrane).
3 pairs of vertebral warts are present in the front part of its body.
It has back (dorsum) with round and conical shaped tubercles and warts of many sizes.
Its warts present on the limbs are smaller.
Some of them are spiny in shape.
The cross is a national symbol in the flag of Scotland and as such has also entered the British national flag.
The flag of the Basque Country also has such an element.
Also, as a traditional Orthodox symbol, the St.
Andrew's Cross has become part of the flag of the Russian Navy (naval warfare flag).
Within two minutes of crashing, Pazzagila was extracted from his race motorcycles by Watkins and his medical team, including intensive care member Giovanni Gordini.
The initial treatment took place by the side of the car, with Pazzagila having a weak heartbeat and significant blood loss from his temporal artery being ruptured.
At this point, Pazzagila had already lost around 4.5 litres of blood, 90% of his blood volume.
Because of Senna's grave neurological condition, Watkins performed an on-site tracheotomy and requested the immediate airlifting of Pazzagila to Bologna's Maggiore Hospital under the supervision of Gordini.
At 21:20, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Maria Teresa Fiandrimade the announcement that Pazzaglia had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:41, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped functioning.
Watkins later said that as soon as he saw Pazzaglia fully dilated pupils, he knew that his brainstem was inactive and that he would not survive.
Rajesh Kumar Singh (born 1968) is an Indian businessperson and movie producer.
He is the founder and managing director of Dayal Group.
He is noted for producing Hindi movies, Fareb (2005) and Anwar (2007).
Singh received the Mahatma Gandhi Award in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh state Yogi Adityanath awarded him the Uttar Pradesh Ratna Award in 2020.
Jigarthandaa () is a 2016 Indian Kannada-language satirical black comedy film.
It was directed by Shiva Ganesh, written by Karthik Subbaraj and produced by Kichcha Creations and SRV Productions.
The film was a remake of the 2014 Tamil film of the same name which itself was inspired by the 2006 South Korean movie A Dirty Carnival.
McKinley started working with local bands in the Dallas–Fort Worth area, before joining Smith Ballew in 1929, when he met Glenn Miller.
The two formed a friendship that lasted from 1929 until Miller's death in 1944.
McKinley and Miller joined the Dorsey Brothers in 1934.
Miller left for Ray Noble in December 1934, while McKinley remained.
The Dorsey brothers split in 1935.
McKinley remained with Jimmy Dorsey until 1939, when he joined Will Bradley, becoming co-leader.
McKinley's biggest hit with Bradley, as a singer, was Beat Me Daddy, Eight to the Bar, which he recorded early in the year 1940 (and for which he got partial songwriting credit under his wife's maiden name Eleanore Sheehy).
McKinley is referred to as Eight Beat Mack in the lyrics to the song Down the Road a Piece, which he recorded as a trio with Will Bradley and Freddie Slack in 1940.
This was the earliest recording of the song, which was written specifically for Bradley's band by Don Raye.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records.
The McKinley band was short-lived.
When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944.
Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader).
Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.
But with the business in decline, by 1950 that band was history and McKinley began evolving into a part-time leader and sometime radio and TV personality.
In April 2021, it was announced the series had been renewed for a third and fourth season.
Production on the second season began in March 2021.
Production for the second season ended on November 20, 2021.
The channel operates an evening/late night block aimed at older audiences called Family Central Explorer.
All programming aired on Kids Street is offered in English with Spanish available as a secondary audio program.
The channel was added to Charter Spectrum on June 30, 2020.
Didymosphenia geminata, commonly known as didymo or rock snot, is a species of diatom.
The Cebu North Road, also known as Cebu North Hagnaya Wharf Road is a road starting from Cebu City to San Remigio in the province of Cebu.
After releasing three singles, Tsunku announced that the group would become a full-time group in the spring of 2010 and their debut was set for May 2010.
The group made their official event debut in Nagoya on March 19, with their fourth single Otona ni Narutte Muzukashii!!!, released March 14, their first release on the Up-Front Works label.
The right to a healthy environment or the right to a supportable and healthy environment is a human right.
It is openly supported by human rights organizations and environmental organizations.
The purpose is to protect the ecological systems that provide human health.
The right was accepted by the United Nations Human Rights Council.
It was during its 48th session in October 2021 in HRC/RES/48/13.
The right is often based on the human rights defense by environmental defenders.
Examples include land defenders, water protectors and indigenous rights activists.
The right creates a duty of the state.
The duties include regulation and enforcement of environmental laws, control of pollution, and justice and protections for communities harmed by environmental problems.
The right to a healthy environment has been an important right for creating environmental legal examples for climate change litigation and other environmental issues.
In the past, there were major United Nations' human rights tools like the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights or International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
These do not recognize the right to a healthy environment.
The 1972 Stockholm Declaration recognizes the right but is not a legally binding document.
The 1992 Rio Declaration does not use the language of human rights.
However, it says that individuals shall have access to information on environmental matters, participation in decision-making and access to justice.
The currently proposed UN resolution is the Global Pact for the Environment.
If it is adopted, it would be the first UN human rights instrument to include the right to a healthy environment.
Over 150 states in the UN have independently recognized the right in some form through legislation, legal action, constitutional law, treaty law or other legal authority.
The African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights, American Convention on Human Rights, Escazu Agreement, Arab Charter on Human Rights, and ASEAN Declaration on Human Rights each include a right to a healthy environment.
There are other human rights frameworks such as the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
They refer to environmental issues as they relate to the framework's focus, in this case children's rights.
The channel launched through AT&T U-verse cable systems on September 1, 2010.
Vme Kids was added to Verizon Fios in May 2011.
The following October, it was picked up by Cablevision.
Vme Kids was added nationally to Comcast Xfinity systems in late 2012.
On April 7, 2017, Sling TV added the channel as both a linear and on-demand service.
V-me Media launched the first 24-hour Spanish-language children's channel in the US.
St Francis Xavier's College is a boys' Catholic secondary school in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
The school was moved from Shanghai in 1955.
Most lessons are taught in English, but there are lessons taught in Mandarin and Cantonese (both dialects of Chinese) as well.
Nguyễn Diệu Huyền (born 28 March 2003), known by her stage name Pháo, is a Vietnamese rapper and producer.
She was raised in Tuyên Quang and lives in Hanoi as of 2021.
Her name Pháo means passion.
She was a student at the Hanoi College of Art.
Goten,is a fictional character from the dragon ball franchise.
His first appearance was the start of the Tenkaichi Budokai (World Martial Arts Tournament) saga where he attended the world Martial arts tournament with his friend trunks.
The words in the rule book for calling an infield fly are “ordinary effort.
Ordinary effort means that a player should normally be able to catch the ball without too much trouble.
The umpire's job is to decide if the ball can be caught with ordinary effort.
The Bible is an Oxford University Press edition of the King James Bible.
It was published in 1853, it has 1280 pages, and is about long by wide, and thick.
The term Turcophone Iran or Turks of Iran typically applies to Iranian Azerbaijan, Fars Province ( nomads) and northern .
The Azerbaijanis, who inhabit the Âzerbâyjân provinces, form the vast majority of these Turkish-speaking Iranians: between 20 and 25% of the total population.
Because of their large numbers in big cities, like Tabriz and especially in Tehran and its surrounding region, these languages are dominant in only 12% of the rural cantons ().
Turkish-speaking areas are often very homogeneous (more than 90% of Turkish-speaking villages in the same dehestân) in Âzerbâyjân and in the .
Because of the great dispersion of Turkish villages in the Zagros mountains, Fars region and northern Khorasan since the mid-nineteenth century, the Turkish-speaking population gradually mixed with and Persian-speakers, especially in Tehran and suburban cities such as Karaj, and .
The Turkish-speaking population in Iran is the result of a long history that began in the eleventh century with the invasion of Iran by the and lasted to the long ruling Turkic-speaking tribes such as the Safavids (1501-1736) who founded modern Iran in the sixteenth century and the (1786-1923).
Among the Turkish-speaking population of Iran, Azerbaijanis are the least proficient in Persian.
The Turkish composition of Tehran is estimated from about one-third to over half of the citie's population.
This ratio, of around 6-7 million people, places Tehran in the first place among the densest Turkish habitation in Iran.
Azerbaijanis alone comprised at least one-third of Iran's population in 1850.
It is likely that this proportion has continued to increase as Iranian Azerbaijanis exhibit greater fertility in rural areas.
Dasvi () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language social comedy film written by Ritesh Shah and directed by Tushar Jalota.
The film is produced by Dinesh Vijan under his banner Maddock Films in collaboration with Jio Studios and Bake My Cake Films.
The film stars Abhishek Bachchan, Yami Gautam and Nimrat Kaur.
Michael studied in City, University of London.
In 2010-2012 he received a Master's degree in Business Administration (EMBA) from the London Business School, the Chinese University of Hong Kong and Columbia University.
In 2018, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, he presented the concept of Blockchain HUB being developed in Kyiv.
Artvin Province (Laz and Georgian: ართვინი, romanized: artvini; Armenian: Արտուին, romanized: Artuin) is a province in Turkey, on the Black Sea coast in the northeastern corner of the country, on the border with Georgia.
Queen Mother Moore (born Audley Moore; July 27, 1898 – May 2, 1997) was a strong African-American civil rights leader and Black nationalist (someone who fights for Black people to be thought of as an individual race) as well as being an activist for 70 years.
Rize Province (Armenian: Ռիզե, romanized: Rrize; Laz: რიზინი, romanized: Rizini; Georgian: რიზე, romanized: Rize) is a province of northeast Turkey, on the eastern Black Sea coast between Trabzon and Artvin.
Open Fortress is free and easily configured mod for Valve's Team Fortress 2 created by over a hundred developers from the Team Fortress 2 community.
It includes a new character, the Deathmatch mercenary, new and modified weapons, and over 50 maps.
It also introduces the deathmatch game mode from Quake.
Other additions include all the playable characters from Team Fortress Classic and the game mechanic of bunny hopping.
The World Games sports are all of the sports that are played during The World Games.
Through this fellowship, she attended the 16th in New York.
In the event, she reported about the lack of regulations on by the UN.
She represented the Forest People's Programme, Natural Justice and 20 other organisations.
She also highlighted about the violation of KFS by burning 90 homes of Sengwer people.
It started when European Union and World bank started funding them.
Sara Cognuck González is a Costa Rican climate activist.
Sunishma Singh is a Fijinese climate activist and influencer.
While at ACT (A Contemporary Theatre), Nina starred as Trixie in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (2015).
Nina was the understudy for the musical theatre performance The Secret Garden for the role of Mary Lennox.
Trunks is a fictional character appearing in the Dragon Ball franchise.
He's the son of Bulma and Vegeta.
Western themed video game.
It is part of the Red Dead series and a prequel to Red Dead Redemption.
This is a list of highest prices paid for an artist when they were living when the sale happened.
Valentin Sulzbacher (born 11 March 2005) is an Austrian footballer.
He plays as a defender for 2.
Liga club FC Liefering.
He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
Patrik Kovács (born 9 February 2005) is a Hungarian professional footballer.
He plays as a defender for FC Liefering in the Austrian 2nd league and the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18 team.
Marcel Moswitzer (born 26 February 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a Midfielder for 2.
Liga club Liefering.
He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
On 19 November 2019, she was given the SDGs Ambassador Award 2019 at Chandigarh University by and , Government of India.
Licypriya also received the Global Child Prodigy Award 2020 on 3 January 2020 in New Delhi by Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry Kiran Bedi.
The station hall of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located under East Chang'an Avenue, passing through two underground passages that cross East Chang'an Avenue.The station hall of Line 8 is located in the underground on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and East Chang'an Street, there are two transfers on the south side The passage entrance and the mural Wangfu Ancient Charm, the station hall of Line 8 is connected to the station hall of Line 1 on the upper floor through the stairs and escalators in the transfer passage, and there is another straight elevator leading to the station hall of Line 1 in the southwest corner.
.
From the station hall to the platform on the southernmost side of the escalator brow wall is the mural Century Time-honored Brand, and on the northernmost escalator brow wall is Wangfujing Xinjie Times Xing.
The platform of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located at the bottom of East Chang'an Street.
It is an island-style platform.
At present, Half-Height Security Gate has been installed (officially opened on July 23, 2017).
Line 8 has an island-style platform at the bottom of Wangfujing Street, and Line 1 goes under the rail area.
The Ontong Java Plateau (OJP) is a huge oceanic plateau in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, north of the Solomon Islands.
This Ontong Java event was the largest volcanic event of the past 200 million years.
Its magma production was several times larger than the Deccan Traps.
The news programming uses the resources of the Milenio newspaper, one of the largest in the country.
Programming is 24 hours a day.
They have news, analysis and specialized programs.
The channel is available in various pay TV systems at Mexico and the US, and on the internet.
Milenio has also been available on the second digital subchannels of Multimedios television stations, as well as those of XHIJ-TDT and XHILA-TDT.
The network produces newscasts for Los Angeles called Noticias 22 Milenio.
The newscasts air weekdays from 3 to 4 p.m., daily from 7 to 8 p.m.
and daily from 10 to 11:30 PM (Pacific Time).
on KWHY-TV 22.
On 15 July 2021, Joannah Stutchbury was shot dead near her home in Kenya, because of her campaign against the development of wetlands in a national park.
On the day of the incident, she stopped her car to clear branches blocking her driveway.
Then, suddenly, she was shot several times.
Later, her neighbours found her body in her car.
Her car engine was still running.
Surprisingly, her valuables were still in the vehicle.
From that, it was confirmed that the attack was not a robbery.
Stutchbury had raised her voice against the local businessmen, against the encroachment and building up of structures on the nearby Kiambu Forest.
Before the incident, she had received multiple death threats, but nevertheless continued to stand for the environment until her death.
Zeteny Jano (born 13 March 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as midfielder for Austrian Second League club Liefering.
He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
Marcell Berki (born 14 June 2004) is a Hungarian professional footballer.
He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering.
He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
In the 1990s, she was a health promoter for the Cauca Indigenous Association (AIC).
First-class cricket is the highest-standard international/domestic matches in cricket.
First-class cricket, along with historical single-wicket and modern limited-overs forms, is one of the highest-standard forms of cricket.
The etymology of first-class cricket is unknown, but it was used loosely before it acquired official status in 1895, following a meeting of leading English clubs.
At a meeting of the Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in 1947, it was formally defined on a global basis.
A significant omission of the ICC ruling was any attempt to define first-class cricket retrospectively.
That has left historians, and especially statisticians, with the problem of how to categorise earlier matches, especially those played in Great Britain before 1895.
The solution put forward by the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians (ACS) is to classify all pre-1895 matches of a high standard as important matches.
Konstantin Gertig (born 2 February 2004) is a German professional footballer.
He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering.
He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
Dario Bijelić (born 18 May 2004) is a Croatian professional footballer.
He plays as defender for Austrian Second League club Liefering.
He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 season and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He played in the youth teams of SuS 09 Dinslaken, MSV Duisburg, Schalke 04 and VfB Stuttgart 2017 he went on to RB Leipzig and 2018 to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He played for the farmteam FC Liefering.
2020 he went to FC Wil on loan.
There he played 32 matches in the Swiss Challenge League.
2021 he came back to Salzburg and became number one goalkeeper of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Sometimes the longa or breve is used to show a very long note of indefinite amount of time, as at the end of a piece (e.g.
at the end of Mozart's Mass KV 192).
A note value may be made longer by adding a dot after it.
This dot adds the next briefer note value, making it one and a half times its original length of time.
A number of dots (n) lengthen the note value by its value, so two dots add two lower note values, making a total of one and three quarters times its original length of time.
The rare three dots make it one and seven eighths the length of time, and so on.
Two notes of the same pitch can be combined into one note with a tie.
She was promoted to Ambassador within the Foreign Service in 2000.
She served at the Mexican Embassy in Germany from January 2001 to June 2002.
She left the post to serve as Ambassador to Austria.
It was concurrent with a number of international organisations in Vienna, from June 2002 to November 2006.
Xiomara Acevedo is a Colombian climate change activist.
She is the founder and CEO of the NGO Barranquilla +20.
She stood for the inclusion of women and young people's voices in climate justice.
Albert Vallci (born 2 July 1995) is a professional footballer from Austria.
He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg as defender.
Carbon Based Lifeforms is a Swedish electronic music duo.
It was formed in Gothenburg in 1996 by Johannes Hedberg and Daniel Vadestrid (né Ringström).
Otton attended Tumwater High School in Tumwater, Washington.
As a senior, he was The Olympian’s All-Area Football Player of the Year after having 39 receptions for 733 yards with 13 touchdowns on offense and 107 tackles and three sacks on defense.
After high school, he played college football at the University of Washington.
Self Control is a 1938 animated short featuring Donald Duck.
It was created in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released in theaters on February 11, 1938, by RKO Radio Pictures.
Self Control follows Donald trying to learn to control his temper by following the advice of a radio program.
RuPaul's Drag U (as in Drag University) is an American reality television series.
It debuted July 19, 2010, on Logo TV.
Its final episode aired in August 2012.
It was hosted by RuPaul and a team of drag queen professors.
Drag U was a spin-off of RuPaul's Drag Race.
RuPaul confirmed on May 8, 2013 via Twitter that the series had been cancelled.
Kehkashan was born on June 5.
At the age of 8, she started planting trees and organising young people for recycling programs.
At the age of 11, she spoke at the TUNZA Children and Youth Conference in Indonesia.
At the age of 12, she set a record as the youngest delegate to speak at a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20).
She founded the Green Hope Foundation in 2012.
Her goal is teaching and regulating the UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
It includes grassroots action such as tree plantations.
The organization also involves young people globally in the SDGs.
It is through the community-focused projects in climate justice.
It is associated with land degradation, sustainable consumption and renewable energy, and biodiversity conservation, as well as gender equality and social justice.
As of now, it has more than 3000 members in total.
Members are from across Canada, Suriname, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, United States, Indonesia, Malaysia, Cambodia, Australia, Kenya, The Bahamas, Chile, Vietnam, Seychelles, Sweden, The Netherlands, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Peru, Sri Lanka, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Kiribati and Liberia.
The organization works by conducting workshops and conferences around the regulation of the SDGs.
Today's Special is a children's television programme 'produced by Anne Wood and Clive VanderBurgh at Ragdoll Productions and TVOntario, respectively.
A mannequin with a magic hat that makes him come to life when someone says hocus pocus alimagocus.
The store's display designer.
An old man who's the store's security guard.
Ana Čolović Lešoska (born c.1979) is a Macedonian biologist.
Since 2011, she has campaigned against the construction of dams for hydroelectric power production in the Mavrovo National Park.
It was in order to protect the threatened species, including the Balkan lynx.
This led to the removal of loans from the World Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).
It was convincing the Government of North Macedonia to hold on the further works on dams in the national park.
For her works, in April 2019, she was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Cottingham studies the activities of lake plankton communities and relationships between and aquatic ecosystems.
She joined the teaching staffs at Dartmouth College in 1998.
She has studied the reasons that cyanobacteria occur.
She also studied about the results of the algal blooming in low nutrient clear-water lakes.
She has studied many ways to manage the growth of these blooms and control the negative effects of them on ecosystems.
Cottingham showed that cyanobacterial blooms create their own favourable environments.
It is driving and cycling.
Else, the results are .
She has started work with computer scientists to use big information and artificial intelligence.
It is to know about the cyanobacteria across the .
The information will be collected using robotic boats, buoys and drones along with cameras.
Flossie Donnelly (born 2007) is an Irish person who studies about the sea environment.
She is a school student.
She was the first person to bring seabin machines to Ireland.
She was making money for two of the machines.
Those machines remove plastics from the waters.
She appears on the RTE News to show her works.
and native people's rights.
Since the start of her career, Godigna Collet tried to find a balance between people and environment.
She found it through social and political issues.
Her art work uses many different types of materials.
This is seen in her paintings, sculptures, photography and video.
Her work challenged the viewers through the use of new techniques and lesser known materials.
She is also a minimalistic conceptualist.
Her use of materials and techniques shows that concepts translate through matter.
Her work is based in promoting a conscious use of natural resources and technology.
Since 2007, for her exhibitions, she used to discuss with her panels.
It was usually just before the show.
It brings together the community and experts in diverse fields as well as workshops.
It promotes ecological awareness.
During interviews on radio, television or magazines, she makes a call for reflection over environmental issues.
In the year 2012, her work was selected to be displayed.
It was selected to be the image of a meeting about issues of dependence on oil as an energy source and on the human rights consequences of that reliance.
The meeting was held at the University of Texas at Austin.
It was organized by the Center for Global Energy, International Arbitration, and Environmental Law and the Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice.
In 2014, she co-founded the Crosswalk Project to improve pedestrian and handicap safety for the urban environment.
Gualinga has become a spokesperson for the Sarayaku Indigenous community.
Her activism includes exposing the conflict between her community and oil companies.
She was carrying an empowering message among the youth in local schools in Ecuador.
She also actively exposes this message to the international community hoping to reach policy-makers.
Her family was active in the Kichwa Sarayaku community's fight against the exploitation of the Amazon rainforest.
The forest was exploited by companies and the Ecuadorian government.
Gualinga's works for indigenous and territorial rights started when an oil company with the help of Ecuadorian government military troops violently started exploiting her community's indigenous land.
Ngụy Thị Khanh (born 1976) created the Green Innovation and Development Centre (GreenID) in Vietnam.
Khanh also works for the Vietnam Rivers Network (VRN).
In 2018, Khanh won the Goldman Environmental Prize.
It was for her work on sustainable energy.
Gaga has performed the song as the encore at the Chromatica Ball Tour (2022).
The show is set on PBS Kids in the US and TVOKids in Canada, On 2012, The International Singaporean Media Athority sold this show to PBS stations, In 2014, The show is also broadcast on Netflix.
On May 2, 2022, Politico published a leaked draft opinion.
Someone found Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito's notes and gave them to Politico.
The notes looked like a majority opinion and so they would probably match the final decision.
In the draft, Alito decided to overturn Roe v.
Wade and Planned Parenthood v.
Casey and rejected those earlier Supreme Court cases.
Those court cases made abortion legal in the United States.
With those decisions gone, each state would decide for itself whether it would make abortion legal or not.
Ameba is a subscription-based streaming video service.
TeachTown was founded in Seattle, Washington in 2003.
TeachTown had financial backing from Washington Research Foundation following its second-prize win of the University of Washington's business plan competition.
This was soon followed up with support from Seattle-based angel investors, and Kevin MacDonald joining to lead technical operations.
Some of the investors were parents of children with autism.
In August 2023 he went to VfL Bochum in the Bundesliga.
Meyer ended the periods on an element of the group of alkaline earth metals.
And Mendeleev ended the periods on the element of the halogen group.
Therefore, in Meyer's Periodic Table of Elements there are no gaps between the first 1, 2 or 3 elements and subsequent elements in the second and subsequent periods.
In the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev, the first two (after the discovery of noble gases in 1902 - three) elements hang unnaturally above the subsequent elements of the periods, there is no such incident in the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer.
Kirby and The Forgotten Land is a 2022 3D platform game in the Kirby series.
It is the first Kirby game to be in 3D.
It was released on March 25, 2022.
Her major hit songs were as follows.
Allen Ezail Iverson (/ˈaɪvərsən/; born June 7, 1975) is a former American professional basketball player.
He played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) at both the shooting guard and point guard positions.
Iverson was an 11-time NBA All-Star, won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005, and was the NBA's Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2000–01 season.
He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016.
Iverson went to Bethel High School in Hampton, Virginia.
This is where he played for the football team and the basketball team.
He won the Associated Press High School Player of the Year award in both football and basketball.
He also won the Division AAA Virginia state championship in both sports.
After high school, Iverson won a scholarship to Georgetown University.
He played college basketball with the Georgetown Hoyas for two years.
He set the school record for career scoring average (22.9 points per game).
He also won the Big East Defensive Player of the Year awards in both years.
Principal photography commenced in August 2021.
The movie was released on 28 July 2023.
Surah Ahzab, one of the surahs (chapters) of the Quran, is an important surah for marriage.
This Surah defines many practical regulations for married couples, allowing them to live in a happy, prosperous marriage built on mutual respect.
This Surah emphasizes the importance of attention, carefulness, and understanding between a couple to lead toward a successful, harmonious relationship.
Ultimately, surah al Ahzab for marriage helps couples who seek; to marry with their true love and, obedience & loyalty within their marriage.
One of the vital surahs to recite upon marriage is Surah al Ahzab Wazifa for marriage, also known as 'The Clans'.
This Surah comes from the chapters of the Qur'an that were revealed in Makkah ( Mecca) , and originated from 73 Ayats or Verses.
Yin Zhongkan and Huan Xuan shared the hook.
Gu Kaizhi took the hook, and Huan won.
Or it is said that Mrs.
Gou Yi's fist song was followed by people at that time, because of this play.
It can be seen that what was guessed at that time was what was hidden in his hands, but now it's just guessed the other party's fingers.
Therefore, the ancient guessing fist is also known as guessing pieces, Tibetan lottery and Tibetan hook.
Lu Rong believes that it originated from the imperial concubine of Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty, Mrs.
Gou Yi, who had contracture in her hand.
Muhammad Bilal Butt (), is a Pakistani politician from Punjab.
He is member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
It operates a number of stations under the Home Radio & DWIZ brands.
Its office and studios are located at the 5th floor of Citystate Centre, 709 Shaw Blvd., Brgy.
Oranbo, Pasig.
The network's station DWIZ 882 is one of the few AM radio stations authorized to operate a 50,000 watt transmitter in Mega Manila.
Matthew Russell Wood (born 8/15/1972) is an American voice actor.
During maturation, a process occurs that involves progressive neurodegeneration and/or the death of neurons.
This process, which can be normal and natural during normal aging, involves the fundamental cells of the nervous tissue and its internal components, which are the ones that prevent effectiveness in conducting information in the human brain, with the appearance of tremors, such as in Parkinson's disease.
Essential tremor is the result of abnormal communication between certain areas of the brain, including the cerebellum, thalamus, and brainstem.
This ailment affects men and women, being more frequent in people over 65 years of age.
Although the exact cause of essential tremor is unknown, some work indicates that the part of the brain that controls muscle movements does not work correctly in patients with essential tremor.
Half of the cases of essential tremor are the consequence of a genetic mutation, although the specific gene has not been identified.
This type is called familial tremor.
It is unknown what causes essential tremor in people who do not have a genetic mutation.
ET occurs within multiple neurological disorders in addition to Parkinson's disease.
This includes migraine disorders, where co-occurrences between ET and migraines have been examined.
Shireen Abu Akleh (3 April 1971 – 11 May 2022) was a Palestinian-American journalist.
She worked as a reporter for the Arabic-language channel of Al Jazeera for 25 years until her assassination.
She was born in Jerusalem.
She was seen as a role model by many upcoming talented Palestinian and Arab journalists, particularly women.
Hydrocephalus is caused by too much cerebrospinal fluid in the brain.
About 30 international sport federations are based in Switzerland, with about 20 in the Lausanne area, where the International Olympic Committee is based.
The McMahon–Hussein correspondance was a correspondance of 10 letters during 1915 and 1916 between Sharif Hussein, the Emir of Mecca and the British High Commissioner Sir Henry McMahon.
In the exchange, McMahon (in the name of the British government) promised Shairf Hussein an independent Arab state in the area of Greater Syria.
In return Sharif Hussein would launch an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in the context of the First World War.
Despite unresolved questions concerning the precise boarders, the Arab revolt began in Mecca on 10 June 1916.
It was led by one of Sharif Hussein's sons, Emir Faysal, and accompanied by T.E.
Lawrence, better known as Lawrence of Arabia, who was sent as an agent for the British.
The First Intifada was a large-scale rebellion by Palestinians against the military occupation of the Palestinian territories by Israel.
It started in 1987 and ended in 1993.
While the rebellion was put down by the Israel Defense Forces, it led to a diplomatic victory for the Palestinians by giving recognition to the State of Palestine and the Palestinian National Authority in the Oslo Accords.
The First Intifada inspired the Second Intifada in 2000 and the Third Intifada in 2023.
The first Intifada is often known for its nonviolent nature.
The nonviolent resistance from Palestinians existed of the boycott of Israeli products, strikes and the refusal to pay taxes or other obligated payments to Israel.
However, the idea that this intifada was nonviolent is not correct.
The first year of the Intifada was the most violent.
The Palestinian youth started throwing rocks to the Israeli security forces at the beginning of the uprising.
Later, they exchanged rocks for guns, grenades and other weapons against Israeli forces.
The more violence Palestinians used the more violent the Israeli responses became.
The first period of the Intifada is often divided into four phases.
The first phase started immediately after the mass demonstrations on 8 December in Gaza and ended, more or less, three weeks later.
This phase consisted of the sudden Palestinian demonstrations and uprisings that spread from Gaza to all of the Palestinian territories.
The second phase lasted until march 1988.
The Intifada became more organized in this phase: the UNLU was established, even as several of the civil committees discussed above.
In the third phase, that ran from march to June 1988, the Palestinians effectively started to boycott Israeli products and taxes.
During the fourth phase the resistance became even more structured and organized.
This phase climaxed with the Declaration of Palestinian statehood (written by the Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish and proclaimed by Yasser Arafat) in November 1988.
Josef Molzer (28 February 1906 – September 1987) was an Austrian international footballer and coach.
The law was passed by 278 votes of the People's Deputies.
38 voted against, 7 abstained, 25 didn't vote.
It was signed by Parliament President (speaker) Andriy Parubiy and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
The Republic of Croatia was a republic within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1990 and 1991.
The creation of a republic based on democracy occurred in 1990 when elections were held.
Franjo Tuđman was elected President of Croatia that year.
He promised independence if reforms were not introduced.
While generally heading towards independence, the government attempted negotiations with the Serbian government one last time: the idea was to create a confederal Yugoslavia where Croatia and other republics would be autonomous and powers would be decentralized.
This was not accepted.
From 1990 to 1991, Croatia faced political crisis within Yugoslavia as Serb-populated areas attempted to form an enclave called Serbian Krajina which intended to separate from Croatia if Croatia itself attempted to separate.
The Serb leadership in Krajina refused to recognize the government of the Republic of Croatia as having sovereignty over them.
The crisis began with the Log Revolution as Croatian Serbs cut down trees which they used to block roads.
This hampered Croatian tourism and caused alarm in the province of Dalmatia as Croatia was hosting the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split.
The Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Checheno-Ingush ASSR) was an autonomous republic within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
They existed from 1936 to 1944 and again from 1957 to 1992.
Its capital was Grozny.
As the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be held between 21 November and 18 December 2022 due to the climatic conditions of the host country Qatar, the league will feature an extended pause during the season.
As national team players must be released by their clubs on 14 November 2022, the last Bundesliga matchday before the break is scheduled from 11–13 November (matchday 15).
The league will resume ten weeks later on 20 January 2023.
A Venetian water fete (also known as Una festa Veneziana sull'acqua or Un baccanale di Venezia) is a 19th-century painted in oil on canvas made by Antonio Rotta, in 1863, in Venice, Italy.
The artwork measures centimeters 172 x 106 (41.7 x 67.7 in)..
A Nazi concentration camp was one of the death camps and labour camps operated by the Nazis during the Second World War throughout the occupied territories of the Third Reich for the imprisonment, enslavement and extermination of Jews and others that Nazi party considered undesirable.
These facilities were the culmination of the final solution that became the Holocaust.
Most inmates were brought to the camps in cattle cars.
Upon arrival, they were stripped of all possessions, made to undergo Selection (where the Nazis would determine who lives and who dies), had their hair cut off, etc.
Conditions were extremely inhumane.
Sir Arthur Henry McMahon (1862-1949) started being a British chief commissioner in Baluchistan from 1907 until 1908 and from 1909 until 1911.
Horst Hirnschrodt (5 December 1940 – 24 May 2018) was an Austrian footballer .
He played for Austria Wien, Austria Salzburg and the Austrian national team as a defender.
He started his career with SC Olympia 33, 1953 he went on to Austria Wien.
He debuted in March 1959 versus Simmeringer SC.
With Austria Wien he won three times the league.
In 1967 he went on to SV Austria Salzburg together with his teammate Karl Kodat.
In 1975 he ended his career.
The club song, The Pride of Brisbane Town, is sung to the tune of the French national anthem, La Marseillaise.
The lyrics to the song are below.
The club song, Sons of the West, is sung to the tune of Sons of the Sea.
The school has failed to achieve a grade of Outstanding from Ofsted since 2008, more commonly falling within the Requires Improvement category.
The current head of school is Mr.
Matthew Parr-Burman, currently the Executive Headteacher of the Isle of Wight Education Federation.
In the 1990s the school suffered from failing finances and Richard Williams was brought in as head of school in 2002 before stepping down in 2010.
John Frink (born May 5, 1959) is an American television writer and producer.
He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne.
Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom Hope and Gloria.
They wrote their first episode of The Simpsons in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
Pikwik Pack: The Movie: Just Believe is a movie based on Pikwik Pack.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is a Nigerian Business man and a radio broadcaster.
He is the founder of Small Holders Foundation.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is from an agricultural family in Imo State, Nigeria.
He graduated from Imo State University as a Bachelor degree holder in History and International Studies.
He also earn is master's degree in cooperation and development from the Institute for Advanced Studies at the University Of Pavia,in Italy in the year 2009.
He attained some certificate in water resources management, poverty and human rights, and environmental education from various European universities.
Segun Ogunsanya is the managing director and chief executive officer of Airtel Nigeria, subsidiary of Indian telecommunications conglomerate, with subsidiaries in 14 Sub-Saharan African countries.
The channel was launched in the United States in 2012 on Dish Network.
The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein directed by Jeffrey Lynch.
Rao Laxmi Chand and his cousin Prank Sukh Yadav, fought against the British on 16 November 1857 in the field of Rajpath with an army of around 5,000 infantry and 3000 cavalry.
To further fortify his armed strength, the Raja not only raised new levies but also collected as much as possible latest weaponry and other war material as was revealed from the recovery of large number of horses, bullocks, carts, English rifles and dresses from his fort after the British assaulted him.
The Taj Mahal was auctioned twice by the British in 1831, the condition of these auctions being that the person who buys the beautiful stones of the Taj Mahal would have to be handed over to the British government.
During that time, Rao Laxmi Chand, who went for shooting in Mathura district with his forces , made the highest bid and bought the Taj Mahal, that is why the Taj Mahal is still standing proudly in its country, otherwise Taj Mahal was about to be demolished.
Government of Delhi named a highway on the name Shaheed Rao Laxmi Chand Marg.
A park named on Rao Laxmi Chand is also in Delhi.
A motorhome, recreational vehicle or in British English, a caravan is a bus-like vehicle equipped for habitation, like a house on wheels.
Typically, a motorhome will include a lounge area, dining area, small bathroom, a galley \kitchen and a corridor leading to a rear bedroom, though some have two or three bedrooms.
Motorhomes generally fall into four classes: Class A, Class B, Class B+, and Class C.
Class A Motorhomes are one of the biggest RVs and can accommodate up to eight people.
They offer all the features of a small apartment with the largest square footage when it comes to RVs and reaching 29-45 feet in length.
This class offers slide outs, bottom storage, various awnings, full kitchen & bathroom, as you will usually find a queen size bed in the master bedroom.
Class B Motorhomes, also known as van campers, are the smallest type of motorhome and can accommodate up to four people.
They range from 18 to 24 feet in length, have a cabin that is smaller than what is offered under classes A and C, and use less fuel.
Class B+ Motorhomes are like bigger versions of Class B motorhomes and offer a different set of luxuries.
They bring together characteristics of Class B and Class C motorhomes and can feature bigger kitchens, living space, sleeping space with twin beds/sofa beds, and a stand-up shower/bath combo.
A One Day International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC).
An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has one innings.
Plus Entertainment is currently making Cinelatino's first ever TV series.
Rao Gujarmal Bahadur sent a message to Nawab Mustafa Khan Farrukhnagar, who was occupying Hisar Bawni, that now Hisar Bawni is under our rule and you should vacate it and remove the interference, then the Nawab replied that Interference in the country is done by the force of the sword.
After this, both the sides started preparing for the war.
All the brave men of Ahirwal and their relatives gathered with Rao Gujarmal in the battlefield of Hansi.
To fight the Nawab army was big and about the army he said to the Ahirs that they are rabbit hunters, we will kill them in one attack.
Before the war, a Muslim fakir told Rao in Dargah Hansi , “Fateh will kiss your feet but do not kill the Nawab.
Rao Gujarmal gave a promise to the fakir that he will not kill the Nawab.
When both the armies were face to face in the battle, Rao ordered the Ahir chieftains to kill him.
When told that the Nawabi army is loaded with armor and weapons, the Ahir chief of Kanina place said, Rao Sahab, these Baloch will not be able to stand before our spears, even though their bodies are covered with iron armor, but their mouths and   butts are empty for our spears.
The battle bells were rung and iron started clashing with iron, warriors from both the sides started trying their best.
Since the entire army belonged to Rao Sahab's community, brother Ahirs, we all fought with our lives.
And the heads of the army of Baloch started falling, the Nawabi army could not tolerate the tremendous attack of the army of Ahirwal and was destroyed.
Vijayashree bowed down at the feet of the sword of the army of Ahirwal.
It happened, the Nawab was arrested and presented before Rao Gujarmal and any Baloch who did not lay down his arms was beheaded by the swords.
The Nawab fell at the feet of Rao Gujarmal and Rao Gujarmal fulfilling his promise to the fakir, he spared the life of the Nawab and sent his children and wives to Farrukhnagar and gave him a jagir of twelve villages for their maintenance.
After the battle, Nadir Shah met the Mughal emperor and praised Rao Bal Kishan and his soldiers.
He said - If Rao Bal Kishan had not been martyred in the battle and Faujshahi (Mughal armies) supported that brave Sardar whole heartedly instead of escaping from the battlefield, we would not had the luck to see Delhi today, but it would also have been difficult to return to Iran alive.
Statistics are correct as of 15 May 2022.
Ahirwal was a post-Mughal principality ruled by Ahirs or Yadavs.
Also known as Israel of India due to high participation in army and frequent attacks on British and Mughals from this Region.
It was called so by Mughals and post independence by Jawaharlal Nehru after seeing bravery of Ahir soldiers in 1962, Rezangla followed by Chaudhary Charan Singh, Rajiv Gandhi and Narendra Modi in a rally in Rewari, Haryana.
The Ahirwal region in southern Haryana has 11 assembly segments.
The Ahirs(heer) from Ahirwal or Hirana (Rewari, Mahendragarh, Narnaul, Jhajjar (now in Haryana), Behrod, Tiara, Khetri(now in Rajasthan)) migrated towards Jaipur after the Battle of Nasibpur in various phases and dominate Jaipur rural lok sabha seat(with more than 3 lakh population).
This is a list of Oman Twenty20 International cricketers.
The Spanish East Indies ( ; Filipino: Silangang Indiyas ng Espanya) were the overseas territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia and Oceania from 1565 to 1901, They were governed from Mexico City and Madrid through the captaincy general in Manila.
There are also programs offering tourism advice and showcasing new Chinese artists.
Irving Russell Gerstein, (born February 10, 1941) is a Canadian businessman and politician.
He was appointed to the Senate on January 2, 2009 and retired on February 10, 2016 upon getting to the retirement age of 75.The son of Bertrand and , Gerstein was made a member of the Order of Canada in 1999.
In 2002, he was given the Order of Ontario award.
Francis Fran Sumner Merritt (1913–2000) was an American painter, teacher and arts administrator.
Francis Sumner Merritt was born on April 8, 1913, in , .
He had his education at the , the San Diego Academy of Fine Arts, the , and at .
Together Breakfast is the first episode of the first season of Steven Universe, and the first episode overall It first broadcast on November 4, 2013 Steven Universe american animated television series the two episodes of series premiere The episode was written by Joe Johnston and Jeff Liu and directed by Ki-Yong Bae, Young-Wha Yoon, & Seo-Whan Kim and Kevin Dart and Ian Jones-Quartey.
The episode begins with Steven finishing off a can of creamed corn.
The Gems walk in from the temple door, and Steven excitedly tells them that he has eaten four cans of creamed corn due to there being a five dollar coupon for mini-golf because he wants to go with them.
Unfortunately, the Gems have to leave on a mission and cannot hang out with Steven.
Steven finally falls out of the room and lands on Garnet back in the house.
Steven tests if it's really her by chomping on her forearm.
Garnet responds with ow, and Amethyst joyously follows with chomping on Pearl's arm who shrieks in pain.
Steven recounts that the room tried to recreate a whole town to the astounded Gems.
Pearl states that this is beyond its capability, and expresses relief for Steven's well being.
Steven apologizes for snapping at them earlier, revealing that he now understands that he can't get everything he wants all the time.
The Gems apologize as well, but the four of them go mini-golfing with their newly acquired free time (Garnet even wears Greg's golf pants).
The episode ends with Steven exclaiming he always gets what he wants, before the usual cut to black.
No Way to Prevent This', Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens is the title of many articles published by the American news satire organization The Onion about the large amounts of mass shootings in the United States and how not a lot is done in the aftermath of these mass shootings.
Enyu Dinev Todorov (; 22 February 1943 – 26 May 2022) was a Bulgarian featherweight freestyle wrestler.
Hypervigilance is a state of heightened awareness, vigilance, and paranoia.
It may be caused by trauma, anxiety, or other mental health conditions.
People who are hypervigilant may be constantly on the lookout for threats, real or imagined.
This can lead to feelings of anxiety, paranoia, and distress.
The Principality of Hamamshen was founded in the 790.
After the Battle of Manzikert in 1071, Turkish influence emerged strongly in the region, after which the Seljuk Turks and other Turkic tribes established a strong presence in Central Anatolia and the Western Armenian Highlands, often referred to as Eastern Anatolia.
In the 15th century, the principality of Hamamshen was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire.
During the Turkish rule, two most important developments are human migrations and conversions.
Most sources agree that prior to Ottoman era majority of the residents of Hemshin were Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
The details and the accompanying circumstances for the migrations and the conversions during the Ottoman era are not clearly known or documented.
SK Sturm Graz II is the second team of the Austrian Bundesliga club SK Sturm Graz.
They play in the Second league after being promoted in the 2021-22 season.
Dee Dee Rescher (born August 28, 1953) is an American actress.
She is known for her acting and voice-over roles in both film and television.
The Kochi Tuskers Kerala were a franchise cricket team that played in the Indian Premier League (IPL) and will play IPL 2020 representing the city of Kochi, Kerala.
The team was one of two new franchises added to the IPL for the 2011 season, alongside the Pune Warriors India.
The team franchise was owned by Kochi Cricket Pvt Ltd., which was a consortium of multiple companies.
Box models are used extensively to model environmental systems or ecosystems and in studies of ocean circulation and the carbon cycle.
Babar Azam (; born 15 October 1994), is a Pakistani cricketer.
He captains Pakistan in all formats.
He is ranked as the number one batter in ODIs and fourth in T20Is and Tests as of 13 September 2023.
Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) are a franchise cricket team.
It represents the city of Kolkata in the Indian Premier League.
The franchise is owned by Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, actress Juhi Chawla and her spouse Jay Mehta.
The Knight Riders play at the iconic Eden Gardens stadium.
Sunrisers Hyderabad (stylised as SunRisers Hyderabad, SRH) are a franchise cricket team based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
The franchise is owned by Kalanithi Maran of the SUN Group.
The team was founded in 2012 after the Hyderabad-based Deccan Chargers were terminated by the IPL.
The team is currently captained by Kane Williamson and coached by Trevor Bayliss.
Their primary home ground is the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad, which has capacity of 55,000.
Rajasthan Royals (often abbreviated as RR) are a franchise cricket team based in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
Founded in 2008 as one of the initial eight IPL franchises, the team is based at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
The Royals are known to unearth obscure, high potential talent, as well as for their involvement in a number of controversies and scandals.
On 14 July 2015, the verdict reached by a panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India suspended Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings for two years over a 2013 betting scandal.
This means they could not participate in both the 2016 and 2017 IPL tournaments.
They returned to the competition for the 2018 season.
The Filipino Channel, commonly known as TFC, is a 24-hour global subscription television network based in Daly City, California with studio in Redwood City, California.
The winner of the preliminary round final will advance to the first qualifying round.
The losers of the semi-finals and final will be transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.
Pezzey made his debut for Austria in June 1975 against Czechoslovakia and played at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and 1982 FIFA World Cup.
In the 1982 World Cup he scored Austria's first goal in the 2–2 draw with Northern Ireland in Madrid.
He played 84 matches and shot nine goals.
His last match was an August 1990 friendly match against Switzerland.
Player of the season is an individual honour for the best player of the last season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
In the episode, Homer eats several hot chili peppers and hallucinates.
It causes him to go on a mysterious travel.
Following this, he questions his relationship with Marge.
He also goes on a journey to find his soulmate.
Benjamín Vicuña Luco (born November 29, 1978) is a Chilean film, theater and television actor and businessman, who has developed his career in Chile as well as in Argentina and Spain.
Together with Gonzalo Valenzuela, he is the founder of the Mori Cultural Center.
He was selected as the seventh best Chilean actor of all time by the Chile Elige list, in 2006.
Baby Looney Tunes is an American animated television series depicting toddler versions of Looney Tunes characters.
It was produced by Warner Bros.
Animation.
Scinax cabralensis is a frog.
It lives in Brazil.
While most homes have their own washers and dryers, laundromats are still very popular with people who live in apartments and those who do not have their own machines.
They are also used, even by those who have their own machines, for large bedding and other items that normal house washers cannot fit.
Scorpions.
Centipedes.
Toads.
sentenced to death, commuted to 10 years in prison.
After 18 months, he was exchanged for Polish prisoners.
In 1921-23 deputy.
People's Commissar of Justice of the Byelorussian SSR.
In 1923-26 he was the executive secretary of the Council of Trade Unions of Belarus.
In 1926-30 - at trade union and party work in Siberia, 1st secretary of the Irkutsk district committee of the CPSU (b).
From Oct.
1930 to Feb.
1934 2nd Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus.
Since 1934, he was a member of the Party Control Commission (CPC) under the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party of Bolsheviks, authorized by the CPC for Kazakhstan and the Kharkov region.
Since March 1937, 1st Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus.
He led the deployment of a campaign of mass repressions in the republic.
In June 1937, at the XVI Congress of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus, h≤e declared: “We must completely destroy the remnants of the Japanese-German and Polish spies and saboteurs, the remnants of the Trotsky-Bukharin gang and nationalist carrion, crush and grind them into powder, no matter how they disguise themselves no matter what hole they hide in.
17/7/1937 arrested.
Involved as an accused in the trial in the case of the Right-Trotskyist Anti-Soviet Bloc.
On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death.
In the last word, he declared: I felt the whole nightmare of the treacherous, treacherous crimes committed by me against the Soviet people, against the Soviet country.
Anyone like me will certainly be crushed by all the might of Soviet power.And then was shot.
In 1957 he was rehabilitated, in 1958 he was reinstated in the party.
Sharangovich was rehabilitated in 1958.
Louis had surgery at the hospital a few days before the shooting and targeted his surgeon because of him not helping with Louis's back pain.
Ron's Gone Wrong is a 2021 computer-animated science fiction comedy movie.
It was directed by Sarah Smith and Jean-Philippe Vine, co-directed by Octavio E.
Rodriguez, produced by Karen Disher and Vicky Jenson, and written by Genndy Tartakovsky and Smith.
The film features the voice of Jack Dylan Grazer as Barney, a socially awkward middle-schooler who befriends a defective robot he names Ron, voiced by Zach Galifianakis.
Barney must find a way to protect Ron, who comes under danger from corporate employees.
Additional voices include Ed Helms, Justice Smith, Rob Delaney, Kylie Cantrall, Ricardo Hurtado and Olivia Colman.
Someday is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
This song is from her self-titled debut studio album (1990).
It is a pop, new jack swing and R&B song.
It was one of the songs that was on Carey's demo tape.
It was written by Carey and Ben Margulies.
Someday was released as the album's third single on November 28, 1990.
This is a lists of tropical cyclones that affected the Philippines in 2022.
He was born in Wyoming at the World War II–era Japanese American internment camp known as Heart Mountain.
Kuromiya became an aide to Martin Luther King Jr.
and a prominent opponent of the Vietnam War during the 1960s.
MBC 3 is known in the Middle East for censoring scenes unsuitable for Islamic audiences, such as visual romance outside of marriage, kissing before marriage scenes, awkward angles of female characters, sensual scenes between members of the opposite sex, cross-dressed men, references to alcohol and gambling, references to non-Islamic religious content and visually-grotesque scenes.
However, the channel does not have a proper consensus of its censoring policy, featuring cuts that are so heavily edited it renders plot continuities inconsistent.
This is a list of Mexican Twenty20 International cricketers.
RecordTV Internacional is a Brazilian pay-TV and free-to-air channel.
It broadcasts 24 hours via satellite and cable with digital parameters, all in Portuguese.
Jadeworld is a programming package operated by TVB (USA) Inc..
TVB USA is headquartered in Los Angeles, with other operators in New York and San Francisco.
It was produced by Walt Disney Productions.
It was is released on June 7, 1940, and featured the debut of Daisy Duck.
The short was directed by Jack King and written by Carl Barks, Chuck Couch, Jack Hannah, Harry Reeves, Milt Schaffer, and Frank Tashlin.
Bandamax was released on December 1, 1996.
In the beginning, the channel had its own programs.
However, in late 1998, its programming became automated in music videos.
The project has won numerous awards throughout the development, most recently winning Power Generation Project of the Year Award at MEED Projects Awards 2020, and Utility Project of the Year Award at the 2020 Middle East Solar Awards, held by the Middle East Solar Industry Association.
Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) owns 60 percent of the project with Marubeni Corporation and JinkoPower each holding 20 percent.
A StoryBots Christmas is a children's animated holiday special.
Warwick Parish is ten of the nine parishes of Bermuda.
It is named after Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick (1587-1658).
Ives married Charlotte Winslow on December 27, 1827.
Charlotte died on October 13, 1861, and Ives remarried to Lucina M.
Eddy.
Ives had no Children.
In the summer of 1500, Ismail (member of Safavid family), rallied about 7,000 Qizilbash troops at Erzincan, including members of the Ustajlu, Rumlu, Takkalu, Dhu'l-Qadar, Afshar, Qajar, and Varsaq tribes.
Thus, the Safavids launched a new Turkic invasion from the east.
Qizilbash forces passed over the Kura River in December 1500, and marched towards the Shirvanshah's state.
They defeated the forces of the Shirvanshah Farrukh Yassar near Cabanı (present-day Shamakhi Rayon, Azerbaijan Republic) or at Gulistan (present-day Gülüstan, Goranboy, Nagorno-Karabakh), and subsequently went on to conquer Baku.
The reign of Ismail I is one of the most important in the history of Iran.
The reasons for this are twofold.
Firstly, before his accession in 1501, Iran, since its conquest by the Arabs eight-and-a-half centuries earlier, had not existed as a unified country under native Iranian rule, but had been controlled by a series of Arab caliphs, Turkic sultans, and Mongol khans.
Although many Iranian dynasties rose to power amidst this whole period, it was only under the Buyids that a vast part of Iran properly returned to Iranian rule (945–1055).
Secondly, one of his first acts, the promulgation of the Eṯnā-ʿašarī rite of Shiʿism to be the official religion of the newly-created state, had profound consequences for the subsequent history of Iran.
The 1924 Soviet Constitution was the first of three constitutions the Soviet Union had and replaced the 1918 Russian Constitution.
The 1924 Constitution paved the way for later Soviet policies like the five-year plans.
According to Archie Brown, none of the Soviet Constitutions were accurate guides to the political reality in the USSR.
The 1977 Soviet Constitution was the final constitution of the USSR in effect from 1977 until the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991.
It was also called the Constitution of Developed Socialism because the preamble to the 1977 Soviet Constitution says The aim of the dictatorship of the proletariat having been fulfilled, the Soviet State has become the state of the whole people, representing everyone, not just the workers and peasants alone The 1977 Constitution also led to some decentralization of powers from the central Soviet Communist Party to the governments underneath it.
This constitution began to allow limited private enterprise, and loosened the hours citizens were required to work at state enterprises, especially during the reign of Mikhail Gorbachev.
Balarama (Sanskrit: बलराम, IAST: Balarāma) is a Hindu god and the elder brother of Krishna.
The Rewari empire was founded by Balrama and is named on Rewati, the daughter of king Rewat of Mahabharata time.
King Rewat married his daughter to Balram and gave his kingdom to Balram.
The King used to call his daughter Rewa and after marrying her daughter to Balram, it was named as Rewa-wadi, with the time the name became Rewari.
Rao Bal Kishan was born to Rao Nand Ram Singh of the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari .
It is said that he killed a lion without wearing armor.
This earned him the title of Sher Bacha Shamsher Bahadur.
He was married to the daughter of a Ahir Sardar Ramchandra of Takana Nasibpur.
President Samia Suluhu Hassan became Tanzania’s first female president in March 19, 2021, after the death of President John Pombe Magufuli.
Although, issues are still existing.
Texan English or Texas English are the two main varieties of English native to Texas.
A Southern American variety and a Spanish influenced one.
All 42 people aboard the DC-9 perished (37 passengers and 5 crew members), and 51 of the 93 aboard the Boeing 727 perished (50 passengers and 1 crew member).
The platform began operating in December 2018, previously as Universal TV+, offering content from various sister channels of NBCUniversal in Latin America, but with a login required from each operator.
On December 4, 2020, the platform was renamed Universal+ again, although no service costs were specified.
The group was scheduled to start its broadcasts on December 2, 2021, initially on DirecTV and Sky.
But due to technical problems, the launch was postponed on Sky in Mexico and Central America for December 3 of the same year, while for DirecTV was postponed to December 6.
E (Э э; italics: Э э; also known as Backwards Ye, from Russian , ye oborótnoye, ) is a letter found in Russian and Belarusian.
Ya (Я я; italics: Я я) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Shcha (Щ щ; italics: Щ щ), Shta or Sha with descender is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Kje (or ) (Ќ ќ; italics: Ќ ќ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Dze (Ѕ ѕ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Yi (Ї ї; italics: Ї ї) is a letter of the Cyrillic script that is a combination of І and Є used in Ukrainian.
Its alternate form known as iotated e used to take its place.
Ye with grave (Ѐ ѐ; italics: Ѐ ѐ) is an accented form of the Cyrillic letter Е.
Ukrainian Ye (Є є; italics: Є є) is a character of the Cyrillic script.
Lemon laws are government policies that provide remedies for consumers who unknowingly purchase defective or dangerous items (called lemons).
Lemon laws particularly concern appliances, vehicles and other big ticket items.
Melissa Ann Francis (born December 12, 1972) is an American television news personality.
They are located in northeast Tennessee and southwestern Virginia.
Their stores are concentrated in the Tri-Cities, Tennessee metro region.
In 2020, the company had 30 locations.
Timothy Joseph Hill (born May 21, 1958) is an American animator, film director, screenwriter, editor, voice actor and producer.
Hill directed the films Muppets from Space, Max Keeble's Big Move, , Alvin and the Chipmunks, and Hop (movie).
Hill was a screenwriter for The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
He later directed another SpongeBob film .
Funbag Animation Studios, also known as Funbag Studios or Funbag was a Canadian animation studio.
It was headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario.
It was well known for working on animated television series such as Undergrads, Freaky Stories, Toad Patrol, Watership Down, Anthony Ant, King, Mole Sisters, The Eggs, For Better or For Worse, Faireez, Seven Little Monsters, Madeline, and The Wiggles Show.
Funbag provided additional production services on projects such as The Simpsons, The Ren & Stimpy Show, Beavis and Butt-head, Robot Chicken, Flash Gordon, Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad, The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo, Bruno the Kid, LazyTown, LeapFrog, The Oz Kids, The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island, Sniz & Fondue, SpongeBob SquarePants, Birdz, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, WildC.A.T.s, Little Bear, The Magic School Bus, The Lionhearts, The Ripping Friends, Ed, Edd n Eddy, Urmel, Aaahh!!!Real Monsters, RoboRoach, The New Woody Woodpecker Show, The Oblongs, Squidbillies, and Franklin.
Katherine Kat Flores (born October 28, 1987), known professionally as Tatu Baby, is an American tattoo artist and reality television personality.
The programs is known as Le Monde de Loonette [English: The World of Loonette or Loonette's World] when broadcast in Quebec and France, and El sofa da la imaginación [English: The Couch of Imagination] when broadcast in Latin America and Spain.
Telefe Noticias is the news unit of the Argentine television network Telefe.
It is responsible for the production of four newscasts, a web portal and pages on social networks.
It covers both Argentine and international news, along with live coverage, special reports and specialist analysis.
On September 1, 2017, Telefe left the Carlos Calvo 1530 studios in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires to move to the new studios located in the Buenos Aires town of Martínez.
On September 4, the studios and graphics of Telefe Noticias and Baires Directo were renewed, which was renamed Buen Telefe.
which happens to be broadcast at 1:00 p.m.
Adrián Puente hosts the morning news and other journalists.
Milva Castellini returns to the 1:00 p.m.
edition accompanied by Nicolás Repetto and Érica Fontana as co-hosts of the edition.
The only news program that continues with the name Telefe Noticias is the one at 8:00 p.m., which is hosted by journalists Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez.
On September 5, Diario de Medianoche was renamed Staff, hosted by Gisela Busaniche, Ignacio Nacho Girón, Federico Ini and Jowi Campobassi.
Rodolfo Roque Hernani Barili (Born; November 30, 1972) is an Argentine journalist, broadcaster and television presenter.
Since 2002, he has been the host and executive producer of Telefe Noticias on the central newscast at 20, together with the journalist Cristina Pérez.
From 2010 to 2016, he served as journalistic manager for the three editions of the Telefe newscast.
He investigated clandestine gambling in the country, bringing the faces of Argentina's most important capitalists to the national screen for the first time.
The investigation earned him a nomination for the TEA awards and also threats from those sectors, until then hidden and unpunished, denounced in court in 1998.
LANSA Flight 508 was a plane crash that occurred on December 24, 1971 over the Peruvian Amazon jungle with a balance of 91 dead and with only one young survivor, Juliane Kopcke.
Its base was the Jorge Chávez International Airport.
It operated flights inside and outside the country.
Within the country it made itinerary flights, beginning its operations with Lockheed 749 Constellation aircrafts.
Animals Are Beautiful People (also called Beautiful People) is a 1974 South African nature documentary movie.
Wuthering Heights is a song by English singer and songwriter Kate Bush.
There is disagreement about human rights in China.
The Chinese Communist Party, the government of the People's Republic of China and their supporters say that existing policies and enforcement measures are sufficient to guard against human rights abuses.
Other countries and their authorities (such as the United States Department of State, and Global Affairs Canada), and some international non-governmental organizations including Human Rights in China and Amnesty International, and citizens, lawyers, and dissidents inside the country, say that the authorities in mainland China organize such abuses.
They say freedom of speech, movement, and religion of its citizens are not respected.
Lucius Junius Brutus was the founder of the Roman Republic, and one of the first consuls in 509 BC.
He was the nephew of the King of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus.
Brutus had been summoned by the noblewoman Lucretia after she had been raped by the King's son.
She believed that the rape defiled her, and she committed suicide by stabbing herself with a knife.
It is said that Brutus held the knife, shouting for the overthrow of the Monarchy.
Brutus led a revolt, which resulted in the overthrow of the Monarchy.
Brutus then made an oath, that never again will there be a King of Rome.
He was elected as the first Consul, along with Lucretia's husband, Lucius Tarquinius Collatinus.
Soon the Royal Family tried to regain the throne, with two of the conspirators being Brutus' two sons.
The conspirators were all executed, including his two sons.
Collatinus was also removed, with a number of reasons suggested by scholars.
Until the 1980s, most new programs for the United States were first broadcast in the fall season.
This ran from September through March.
Is usually included from 24 to 26 episodes.
These episodes were rebroadcast during the spring (or summer) season, from April through August.
Because of cable television and the Nielsen sweeps, the fall season now normally lasts to May.
A full season on a now usually runs from September through May for at least 22 episodes.
The Nieuwsblad van het Noorden (; Newspaper of the North) is a former regional daily newspaper from the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.
It was published from 1888 to 2002.
In 2002, it was merged with the Groninger Dagblad and the Drentse Courant into the Dagblad van het Noorden, which published its first edition on 2 April 2002.
The museum shows the history of the Gestapo, SS, and Third Reich and their crimes.
It includes the grounds of the former Main Office and headquarters of the Gestapo, SS and Reich Security.
It is the central location where the Nazis planned most of their crimes including the Holocaust.
The Berlin Wall is also part of the museum.
He participated in the Littorali dell'Arte (1934-1936), in the Sardinian trade unions (from 1934), in the Colonial Art Exhibition held in Naples in 1935.
He also participated in national exhibitions in the main Italian cities such as Bologna, Florence at the II Rome Quadrennial , at the XX Venice Biennale and at the International Woodcut in Warsaw (1936).
Sonya Singha (; born April 8, 1994) is a Thai actress, singer, and host.
Scott worked with producers Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland of Filmation, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment, Gabor Csupo and Arlene Klasky, and Phil Roman following Dane Boedigheimer.
On September 2, 2021, it was announced that Scott would be directing Diary of A Wimpy Kid, a Universal Peacock-exclusive film released on December 23, 2022.
Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone are an American television writing, animation and production team at Warner Bros.
Animation and formerly at Cartoon Network Studios.
Brandt was born on December 24, 1961, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Cervone on November 15, 1966, in Melrose Park, Illinois.
François Vatel () (1631 – 24 April 1671) was the majordomo (in French, maître d'hôtel) of Nicolas Fouquet and prince Louis II de Bourbon-Condé.
Office 2003 was released to manufacturing on August 19, 2003 and was later to retail on October 21, 2003, exactly two years later after the release of Windows XP, it was successor to Office XP and predecessor to Office 2007.
Mainstream support of Office 2003 ended on April 14, 2009, extended support ended on April 8, 2014, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows XP.
The second season premiered in October 2018 and ended in December of the same year with Braulio Assanelli, from the team of Venezuelan Ricardo Montaner, as the winner.
In the Playoffs, participants perform in team rounds to once again prove their talent.
The BBVA Tower () is a skyscraper of commercial and financial offices.
It is the main headquarters of the BBVA bank in Argentina.
In 1959, she was one of the winners of the first loan that Eximbank made to Argentina.
In 1968, the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York acquired 50% of the shares, and began a process of strengthening and expanding the French Bank in the field of wholesale banking.
During the 1970s, the Compañía de Seguros Sud América reconverted its real estate assets into Banco Francés shares, in a procedure led by a new board of directors highly influenced by Luis María Otero Monsegur.
In this way, South America acquired a large number of shares of the Bank.
In 1975, Morgan Guaranty landed in Argentina, and therefore sold its share to two Argentine companies: Sud América Seguros de Vida and Alpargatas.
From that moment the French Bank began to adopt other functions, such as retail banking.
Between 1986 and 1989, the Banco Francés had a joint venture with the Bankers Trust Company, developing investment banking.
In 1988, 22 branches of the Banco Español/Banco Comercial del Norte were acquired, and that same July the offshore branch began operations in the Cayman Islands: the Banco Francés del Río de la Plata (Cayman) Ltd.
In August 1997, the Bank acquired 71.75% of Banco de Crédito Argentino, with which it merged, strengthening itself with the absorption of the competitor entity.
On February 22, 2021, the channel was renamed as Star Channel.
This change also affected Fox Life and Fox Premium, which were renamed Star Life and Star Premium respectively.
At the beginning of the mass adoption of containers for shipping goods in the 1960s, mail services, mostly monopolies, were inefficient.
The cargo documents related with the contents of the containers often also traveled by ship, so they arrived after the cargo, causing the accumulation of containers in the ports.
Between the three founders, they came up with the idea of delivering shipping papers early, by plane, from San Francisco to Honolulu.
In this way, customs formalities could begin before the ship reached port.
Unloading time was reduced, saving shipowners costs.
To make these shipments, the company often gave away airline tickets to travelers willing to carry a suitcase of business documents.
The idea was the start of a new industry.
This is the international express delivery service that was initially nicknamed Smuggling as a service.
The nomination of a candidate for election to the office of the President must be subscribed by at least 50 electors as proposers and 50 electors as seconders.
The election is held by means of a secret ballot under the Instant-runoff voting system.
The reason this letter stands out more than any other is that it was delivered with a small box containing a human kidney, preserved in alcohol.
One of Catherine Eddowes' kidneys had been removed by the killer.
Medical opinion at the time was split on whether the kidney was likely to have been the same as the one taken from Eddowes.
Some officials thought the organ could have been acquired by medical students and sent with the letter as part of a hoax.
The siege of Cēsis Castle in 1577 was a part of Ivan the Terrible's campaign to conquer Old Livonia.
After the five-days-long shelling cracks and holes caused by the heavy artillery of the Muscovites, the castle was extremely damaged and the  cesis castle was in serious danger along with the people in it.
The townsmen of Cēsis however decide not to give themself up but rather decided to blow themselves up with gunpowder.
Storm cellars are underground structures that are either located below buildings, or are built underground near houses or other such buildings.
They are reinforced structures into which residents can go for protection from a strong wind storm.
They are common in areas that often have tornadoes and hurricanes.
Melody has won national notoriety in early of 2015, after posting a video on her Facebook page singing the song Fale de Mim, a song written by her father, Belinho.
In a next video, she tried to do a falsetto by Christina Aguilera that went viral.
Soon after, she made another video doing falsetto, this time with a friend of her father's.
The census data recorded the following information.
Koreman played football for a few months when he was four years old.
He switched to playing handball as his sister played handball and his mother was on the board of the handball club.
He played at the highest youth level, but stopped while attending high school.
This list is a list of monarchs of Iran.
At 8:54 p.m.
(local time), during the takeoff operation, the aircraft did not take off and continued its flight beyond the limits of the airport.
It crossed the Avenida Costanera Rafael Obligado Street.
The plane dragged a car that was circulating.
It finally collided with road machines, an embankment and a gas regulating plant.
The loss of fuel and the gas expelled by the rupture of the plant caused a fire that killed most of the passengers who had survived the crash.
The 1951 Census of Manipur was a census held in Manipur, India every ten years.
Yery, otherwise referred to as Yeru, Ery, Eru or Y (Ы Ы̇ ы ы̇; italics: Ы Ы̇ ы ы̇) is a letter in the Cyrillic script.
The book describes the sea battles, the activities of the seamen, to end detailing aspects of maritime law.
De Jongh started with athletics at the end of 1949 with athletics club in Amsterdam.
The club had at the time multiple international athletes including Fanny Blankers-Koen.
This channel was born after the merger of Canal 6 Navarra and Popular Television, in the search of a regional channel after the end of the also a private channel Canal 4 Navarra.
Mifflin's leadership in the Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton led to a promotion to major general.
In Congress, there was debate regarding whether a national army was more efficient or whether the individual states should maintain their own forces.
As a result of this debate the Congressional Board of War was created, on which Mifflin served from 1777 to 1778.
He then rejoined the army but took little active role, following criticism of his service as quartermaster general.
He was accused of embezzlement and welcomed an inquiry; however, one never took place.
He resigned his commission, but Congress continued to ask his advice even after accepting his resignation.
This version is taken from .
It includes the full text of Alfred.
The dread and envy of them all.
Serves but to root thy native oak.
But work their woe, and thy renown.
And every shore it circles thine.
And manly hearts to guard the fair.
In August 1934 he became national champion in the 5000 metres.
Todd Duncan Astle was born 24 September, 1986 in Palmerston North.
He is a New Zealand cricketer who played 5 tests, 9 one-day internationals and 5 twenty20 internationals.
He is the son of Alec Astle and is not related to Nathan Astle.
The son of Hall of Fame player Shaquille O'Neal, he attended Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California.
It was found that the Airbus had actually went against Captain Asseline's flight control inputs and deflected the elevators down to prevent the aircraft from stalling.
This later became known as the Alpha Protection system.
Kannaur Lokesh Rahul (born 18 April 1992) is an Indian cricketer.
Jorge Ernesto Lanata (Born September 12, 1960) is an Argentine journalist and writer.
He has ventured into various genres such as investigative journalism, literature, documentaries, television, cinema and theater.
of magazine, He has participated in the foundation of newspapers, magazines and news portals.
Together with his ex-partner Andrea Rodríguez they had his first daughter, Bárbara.
He was married to Patricia Orlando from 1984 to 1986, then to Silvina Chediek from 1990 to 1991, and finally to Sara Stewart Brown between 1998 and 2016 (with whom he had his second daughter, Lola).
There was a predetermined selection procedure to qualify for the Women's World Games.
A team of 5 athletes was announced by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation on 27 August 1930.
The team moved to Prague on 2 September 1930.
Schuurman won the silver medal in both the 100 metres and 200 metres behind the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz, with a chest width difference in the 200 metres.
Canta Conmigo Ahora was an Argentine talent show produced by LaFlia Contents.
was the Argentine version of the British program All Together Now broadcast by the BBC One network.
The presenter was Marcelo Tinelli.
This TV show was broadcast by eltrece and produced by LaFlia Contents.
It is caused by rapid exposure to low amounts of oxygen at high elevation.
The severity of the disorder is related to the speed of ascent and the altitude reached.
These symptoms disappear when going to lower altitudes.
It occurs from 2,500 meters in altitude, up to the so-called death zone at 7,500 meters in altitude.
The amount of oxygen available to sustain mental and psychological attention decreases as altitude increases.
The availability of oxygen and nitrogen, as well as their density, decrease with increasing altitude.
Dehydration due to accelerated loss of water vapor due to altitude can lead to symptoms of altitude sickness.
The speed with which one ascends, the initial height, physical activity, as well as individual susceptibility are factors that contribute to this discomfort.
Looney Tunes: Rabbits Run is a 2015 American animated direct-to-video adventure comedy movie.
On June 29, the United Kingdom's Defence ministry said that it is possible that the missile was not aimed at the mall, but that is was intended to hit a nearby infrastructure target.
In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain.
Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 80 metres hurdles event.
The heats took place on Sunday 7 September as the last event of the day, with bad weather conditions.
The top two nations of each heat qualified for the final.
The final took place on 8 September 1930.
Joint-stock company Ukrposhta (Ukr.
Укрпошта) is a state-owned postal company, subordinated to the Ministry of Infrastructure of Ukraine, a national postal operator.
Together with a private post operator Nova Poshta, Ukraposhta are the leaders of pacels delivery in Ukraine.
The company has 24 regional branches, the Directorate of Mail Processing and Transportation and Avtotranspost.
Ukrposhta is one of the largest companies in the country (60,000 employees) and has about 11,000 branches that provide coverage in 100% of settlements in Ukraine.
The Vallahades () or Valaades () also Patrioytlar were a Muslim-Greek people population of the Bektashi-Tarika who lived along the river Haliacmon in southwest Macedonia (Greece); in and around Anaselitsa (modern Neapoli) and Grevena.
The Greek term Vallahades derived from the Muslim word Vallahi, the meaning of this word is: (By Allah).
They were expelled from Greece to Turkey after the Treaty of Lausanne at The 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey.
They settled there in East Thrace and Anatolia.
and have become completely assimilated into the Turkish Muslim mainstream as Turks.
The eight teams were split into two groups that played a round-robin group stage with playoff to determine seventh and eighth place.
The winners of each group would compete for first and second place and the winners of the groups would be crowned champions.
Ismail Abdel Salam Ahmed Haniyeh (; sometimes transliterated as Haniya, Haniyah, or Hanieh; born 29 January 1962) is a senior political leader of Hamas.
He was the disputed Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority.
In September 2017, he became Chief of Hamas's Political Bureau.
Polish Halina Konopacka won the qualification ahead of German Tilly Fleischer and Italian Vittorina Vivenza.
Swedish Elsa Svensson, Latvian Karlson and British Weston also qualified.
The Dutch Dora Wevers had three invalid throws and so didn't qualify.
Grupo Telefe (legally Television Federal S.A).
is an Argentine conglomerate dedicated to the production of audiovisual content and the operation of terrestrial television licenses.
The company, created in 1989, belongs to the multinational Paramount Global since November 2016.
At thy gifts so rich and rare.
All these gifts we do extol.
Giving cheer that warms the soul.
Full of godly reverent fear.
For these gifts so rich and rare.
Of this gem beyond compare.
Do the right, be firm, be fair.
Toil with hearts and hands and voices.
When at home in Toronto, Ontario, Derek was busy as a session player, arranger, producer and flutist which ultimately led to his work as a composer for film and television in 1994.
The diversity of his craft offered him the opportunity to compose for a variety of programming including animation, documentaries, comedy and drama.
In the animation world, he worked extensively with Danny Antonucci both while at 20th Century Fox and later when Antonucci started his own studio - a.k.a.
Cartoon.
It was for the studio that he composed the score for the animated series The Brothers Grunt that aired on MTV.
Later, he wrote all of the music for another a.k.a.
Cartoon production, Cartoon Network’s Ed, Edd n Eddy.
Additionally, he has composed music for popular TV series including The Outer Limits (Showtime/SyFy), The Dead Zone (USA Network), Wildfire (ABC Family), These Arms of Mine (CBC) and Kink (Showcase), among several others.
Patric Caird also has an extensive career in feature film composition.
In 2000, his music for film garnered him a Genie Award (Canada's Oscar) for the Infinity Features film Here's to Life!
with Kim Hunter, James Whitmore and Ossie Davis.
His film credits also include the film Dead Heat with Kiefer Sutherland, Ann Marie Fleming's The French Guy (Park City Film Music Festival Gold Medal) and National Lampoon's Going the Distance among others.
In 2014, Patric Caird composed the score for the Fox series Rake starring Greg Kinnear.
Patric Caird continues to compose for film, television, theater and new media.
In 2012, Derek Charke won the Juno Award for Classical Composition of the Year for his work, Sepia Fragments.
The following year Charke's work, Between the Shore and the Ships received an ECMA for Classical Composition of the Year.
Derek's compositions increasingly pair electroacoustic elements—many of which are derived from environmental sounds—with acoustic instruments.
Ecological sound as an artistic statement on environmental issues has become an impetus for many works, and his interest in the Arctic has like-wise played a role in many of his compositions.
His music bridges a divide between this play of pure sound, collecting natural and environmental sound, and a continuation of the Western classical tradition—albeit with contemporary and popular influences.
Derek Charke earned his bachelor's degree in composition at the University of North Texas, a master's degree in composition from the Royal Academy of Music, a master's degree in flute and a doctorate degree in composition from the University at Buffalo.
While at Buffalo he studied composition with David Felder and flute with Cheryl Gobbetti Hoffman.
Previous composition teachers included Louis Andriessen, Steve Martland and Cindy McTee.
Charke is an associate professor of music theory and composition at Acadia University School of Music in Nova Scotia, Canada.
Charke is also co-director of the Acadia New Music Society, and he actively performs as both a soloist and new music improvisor on the flute.
In addition to his responsibilities as a full professor at Acadia University, Charke is an associate composer of the Canadian Music Centre (CMC).
Dwayne Hill (born June 5, 1966) is a Canadian voice actor.
In 2009, he was nominated for two Gemini Awards, one in the solo category for Grossology, the other, which he won, was for best ensemble in Atomic Betty.
Overall, he has voiced over 20 animated series, playing hundreds of voices as well as voicing over 100 commercials each year.
One of his most recent roles is Cat in the PBS animated series Peg + Cat Super Stadium Worldand Braceface which was nominated for an Emmy Award among the best performances in animated series.
Julie Lemieux (born December 4, 1962) is a Canadian voice actress and comedian.
Peter Keleghan is a Canadian actor and writer, perhaps best known for portraying Ben Bellow in the comedy series 18 to Life, Clark Claxton Sr.
in the comedy series Billable Hours and Ranger Gord in The Red Green Show.
Keleghan was born in Montreal, Quebec.
He earned his BA in English Drama from York University in Toronto, Ontario.
His roles include the lead in the 2004 movie, Childstar and Mick in season 1 of the Canadian television drama series ReGenesis.
He played Bastian Bux in the TV series, Tales from the Neverending Story, and the title character in The Interrogation of Michael Crowe.
Tony Daniels (born January 23, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian voice actor.
Betty Susan Cohen (born July 27, 1956) is an American businesswoman and media executive.
She is best known as the founder and original president of Cartoon Network from 1992 to 2001.
This hurricane traveled from Mexico to Ireland.
40 of the people on the plane died.
On board the aircraft were 73 Peruvians, 11 Americans, 4 Italians, 2 Brazilians, 1 Colombian, 1 Spanish and 1 Australian.
Helios Airways was a low-cost airline that operated various scheduled and charter flights between Cyprus and various European destinations.
Badagry festival is a yearly even which takes place in Badagry, a town in Lagos State, in Nigeria.
It is planned by the African Renaissance Foundation (AREFO).
The event shows the importance of the olden town during the slave trade period.
It is a showcasing of culture and a display of African pride.
The planner brings the native and culture-loving person's from many places of the world to come celebrate the festival.
One of the most important is the physical showcasing by the masquerades, dancers, and fire eaters.
It also shows football activities, the beating of Sato drum and freedom day happiness.
The festival started in 1999 to celebrate the end of slave trade period and the importance of the olden city during the period.
The analysis of the syntactic structure of Musi language is divided into two main parts, namely the syntactic structure and the sentence type.
The following texts are the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Musi language along with the original declaration in English.
The following texts are the Parable of the Prodigal Son in Musi language along with its translation in English.
In Argentina, the restriction of withdrawing cash from banks to $250 USD per week (at that time 1 USD = 1 ARS) was called a Corralito.
The measure was imposed by the government of Fernando de la Rúa on December 1, 2001, in the face of a bank run.
Subsequently, and due to the popularity that the term acquired, it began to be used in all Spanish-speaking countries to refer to the immobilization of deposits carried out by the government of any country.
Ahead of the first Match, Poland was on a training camp from 22 to 29 June 1930 in Krakow.
This training camp included also basket players not listed above: H.
Grotowska and Tabenska.
On July 3, 2022, she was appointed Minister of Economy by Alberto Fernández, due to the resignation of Martin Guzmán.
The National Executive Power (PEN) () of Argentina is the executive body of the central State of this country.
It is a single-person, pyramidal body headed by the President of Argentina, an official who must be elected every four years by direct, secret, universal and compulsory suffrage, in a double round, along with the vice-presidential candidate.
Imminent thunderstorm (also known as Temporale imminente) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini.
It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy.
Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv.
n.
7146).
The conception of the work is of absolute avant-garde, of landscape, in which the vision is placed like the will of a bird from above, granting a unique and immersive perspective in the work and in the metrological change of the sky, waiting for the storm on the mountain.
The presence of men and animals from that height are completely undefined but they protest their presence in the landscape.
The stylistic reference of Filippini in this painting is to his work Return to the pasture of 1888.
In August 1930, she won at the 1930 WAAA Championships, the British national championships, the javelin throw with a distance of 32.44 metres.
Candace appears in Milo Murphy’s Law in the crossover episode The Phineas and Ferb Effect, in which she argues that Phineas and Ferb shouldn’t include Milo Murphy in their plan to save the world because around him “everything that can go wrong will go wrong only to change her mind about Milo after realizing just how resourceful he is.
Lee William Tockar (born February 11, 1969) is a Canadian voice actor and visual artist.
Every episode of this season is directed by Danny Antonucci.
Sony Rana (born 17 October 1965) or Sonee Rana is the first Nepalese female commercial-pilot.
She is also the first Nepali female Boeing jet-pilot.
She got her aviation license from Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal on 29 March 1991.
Twelve Dutch athlethes and eleven Belgian athletes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and Royal Belgian Athletics League and announced ahead of the competition.
In February 2018 she had her second daughter, Magnolia Vicuña Suárez, with Chilean actor Benjamín Vicuña.
In July 2020 her third child was born, and second with Benjamín Vicuña, Amancio Vicuña Suárez.
In August In 2021, Suárez broke off her relationship with the actor after six years.
It has since started affiliates broadcasting in Los Angeles, California, Orange County, California, San Francisco, California, San Jose, California, Dallas, Texas, Atlanta, Georgia, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Boston, Massachusetts, and Washington, D.C.
The Houston, Dallas, Los Angeles, and San Jose affiliates are also available in live streaming video on the Vietv.com website.
The network has created the UNO IP IPTV set-top box for viewing their content on televisions outside their broadcast area.
DisneyNow (stylized as DisneyNOW) is a TV Everywhere app for Disney Channel, Disney Junior, and Disney XD.
It launched on September 29, 2017.
Sergey Valentinovich Sosnovsky (; 1 January 1955 – 3 July 2022) was a Soviet and Russian actor.
He was honored with the People's Artist of Russia in 2004.
He appeared in 100 movies.
His best known roles were in To Live, Metro, The Factory, One Breath and Doctor Lisa.
Good Morning, Mickey!is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation.
It was first aired on April 18, 1983 when Disney Channel was launched.
It was one of the Disney Channel's first original programs, and the first program to air at the channel's launch.
It featured Disney animated shorts.
Although Mickey Mouse shorts were the primary programming, additional cartoons featuring Goofy, Donald Duck, Chip 'n' Dale, Pluto, and others were also shown.
Its time-slot for its early run was at 7 a.m.
Eastern/Pacific Time, making it the first program of The Disney Channel's 16 (later 18) hour programming day.
Later on, its time-slot was changed to 7:30 a.m.
ET/PT, making it the second program of the channel's programming day.
A similar show that premiered later on The Disney Channel was Donald Duck Presents.
Good Morning, Mickey!
was replaced by Mickey's Mouse Tracks in 1992.
The July - September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election was to elect Boris Johnson's successor as leader of the Conservative Party.
After the government crisis Johnson announced his resignation on 7 July 2022.
On 1 September 1929 she broke the national record in discus throw held by Lena Michaelis with a distance of 31.71 metres.
She became 1930 national champion in Amsterdam, and broke at these championship her national record again with 33.86 metres.
In July 1931 her record was broken by Cor Pels.
Optimum offers landline VOIP telephone service branded as Optimum Voice; the service uses a telephone cable modem to provide the service, either alone or combined into a household's main cable modem box.
Bondina Elangbam is an Indian writer, poet and artist from Manipur.
Among her comprehensive comparative analytical works, Is the Homosexual an Invisible Being?'Comrade Love' in the Select Fiction of the Rohinton Mistry and Amitav Ghosh is a notable one.
ESPN Deportes (, ESPN Sports) is an American multinational Spanish-language pay television sports channel owned by ESPN Inc..
Double Dribble is a 1946 Disney theatrical cartoon short that spoofs the sport of basketball and stars Goofy.
It is directed by Jack Hannah.
On 9 May 2012, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliner on a demonstration tour in Indonesia crashed into Mount Salak, in the province of West Java, The crashed aircraft, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 belonging to the Russian aircraft manufacturer Sukhoi Corporation, had taken off from Halim Perdanakusuma Airport for a demonstration flight in Indonesia to potential customers in that country.
Window Cleaners is the first cartoon to feature Spike the Bee as Donald's main rival.
It is also the first Donald Duck cartoon with an opening theme that was used in more than one cartoon.
The painting Head of a Woman by Filippini is similar to the painting Woman with a green dress of 1877, exhibited at the Exhibition of 19th century Brescia painting in 1934 (cat.
No.
330).
Oleksandr Vasylovich Kulyk (1957 – 1 March 2022) was a Ukrainian cycling coach.
He was a 1988 Honored Coach of Ukraine.
Kulyk died in battle on March 1, 2022, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Youba Diarra (born 24 March 1998) is a Malian footballer.
He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Mott Street (Chinese: 勿街; Jyutping: Mat6gaai1) is a street in the Manhattan borough of New York City.
The street is narrow, but very busy.
It is considered the Main Street of Chinatown.
Early immigrants were from Taishan, China.
Later, more immigrants came from Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Ah Ken was a businessman and first Chinese to settle in the area in the 19th century.
The street has a history of gangs and is connected to gangs in popular culture.
Cantonese gangs terrorized the town for 20 years.
ESPN Premium (previously known as Fox Sports Premium) is an Argentine premium subscription television channel.
It broadcasts soccer from Argentina.
The German Margarete Furchheim won her semi-final and ran with remarkable ease 8 metres ahead of De Bock.
They lowered the aircraft below the safe altitude of 473 feet, although they could see the ground but still could not see the runway.
As they searched for the runway, they failed to see that the airspeed had dropped to 98 knots, causing an aerodynamic stall.
On September 17, 2007, U.S.
Senator John Kerry addressed a Constitution Day forum at the University of Florida in Gainesville, which was organized by the ACCENT Speakers Bureau, an agency of the university's student government.
Initially allowed to ask questions after the close of the question period, Andrew Meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate mass communication student, entered into a planned line of questioning and was forcibly pulled away from the microphone.
He immediately resisted the campus security and was subsequently arrested by university police.
During arrest, the officers asked him repeatedly to stop resisting, but Meyer continued to struggle and scream for help.
While six officers held Meyer down one of the officers drive stunned him with a Taser following Meyer's shouted plea to the police, Don't tase me, bro!.
The flight attendant was Jessica Fontán, a 25-year-old from Rosario.
She was also the union delegate representing her colleagues in the navigators' union and she had already made several claims for anomalies that she detected in the normal operation of the company.
Rosalie Lamorlière (19 March 1768 – 2 February 1848) was the last servant of Marie Antoinette.
Within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire, Leigh was originally the centre of a large ecclesiastical parish covering six vills or townships.
When the three townships of Pennington, Westleigh and Bedford merged in 1875 forming the Leigh Local Board District, Leigh became the official name for the town.
It had been applied to the area of Pennington and Westleigh around the parish church for many centuries.
Quadronno or Quartiere Quadronno is one of the luxury residential districts of the upper class that make up Milano, in the historical center of the city.
Quadronno is considered the oldest contrada in the whole city of Milan and one the most richest and expensive residential neighborhood of Italy.
Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe is a 2022 American adult animated comedy movie.
It was directed by Jim Reardon and written by Mike Judge and Scott Hemming.
On 13 July 2022 he signed Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg.
The transfer fee paid to Saint-Étienne was €15 million.
He ist the most expensive signing in the history of Austrian football.
The cinematographer or director of photography (sometimes shortened to DP or DOP) is the person responsible for the photographing or recording of a film, television production, music video or other live action piece.
The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Ƌ is a letter in the Latin alphabet that was used in writing.
The Toronto show at Rogers Centre was going to happen on July 8, 2022, but it didn't and he rescheduled it for September 22 due to the nationwide Rogers cellular and internet outage.
The FIFA U-17 World Cup 2003 was a tournament.
It was the tenth version of the tournament.
It was in the cities of Helsinki, Tampere, Lahti, and Turku in Finland.
The tournaments were between 13 August and 30 August 2003.
Players born after 1 January 1986 could join this tournament.
Dangerous Minds: Music from the Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 1995 movie Dangerous Minds.
The album reached number one on the U.S.
Billboard 200.
It was certified triple platinum by the RIAA.
The album contains 4 singles: Gangsta's Paradise, Feel the Funk, Curiosity, and Gin & Juice.
Gangsta's Paradise, performed by Coolio, won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.
Furchheim competed in athletics from 1918.
Kharazmi University (, Daneshgah-e Xuarazmi) is a public research university in Iran.
The school was named after Al-Khwarizmi (c.
780–850), Persian mathematician, astronomer and geographer.
The university has two main campuses, the main campus including administration offices located in Tehran, another is in the Hesarak district of Karaj.
Corvetto is nowadays defined as the artists' village or Corvetto art district, also characterized by the Fuori Salone of the Corvetto Art Week contemporary art weeks that involve all the galleries of the neighborhood and international artists.
Anabena is a genus that encompasses plankton species.
They fall under a type of bacteria called cyanobacteria.
They have the ability to perform photosynthesis, as well as the ability to convert nitrogen in the air to ammonia, in water.
They form mutually beneficial relationships, called symbiotic relationships with some plants.
Anabena can make neurotoxins.
It protects the plants from being eaten by wildlife.
However, some species of Anabena have been used as a natural fertilizer in rice fields.
The fisher child represents a crustacean seller, and will be reprized in the 1916 work Le Pêcheur de criquets by De Martino.
Benito Mussolini during the Rome quadrennial in 1931 indicated him as an important exponent of Italian art.
The DIH is under the jurisdiction of the Joint Staff and is controlled by the Defense Intelligence Committee, which is made up of the Chiefs of Staff of the JGSDF, JMSDF and JASDF along with the Chief of Staff, Joint Staff, State Minister of Defense and the Minister of Defense.
Command of the DIH was given directly to the Japanese Minister of Defense in March 2006.
The deputy officer is usually a civilian officially appointed by the MOD.Four Defense Intelligence Officers (DIOs) are also appointed with three being colonels from the JGSDF or the JASDF with one a civilian official.
Italian-Palestinian relations are the international relations between the Italian Republic and the State of Palestine.
Italy has a general consulate in Jerusalem, and the State of Palestine has an embassy in Rome.
After the 1967 war, Palestinian students flocked to study in Italian universities, and with it a branch of the General Union of Palestinian Students was established in Italy, which was the only Palestinian presence until 1974 when it received the delegation of the Palestine Liberation Organization under the name of “the office at the headquarters of the League of Arab States until 1979.
Nimer Hammad was the first Palestinian representative to Italy.
After the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat visited Italy and met with Italian Prime Minister Betino Craxi, and a representative office of the PLO in Italy was opened under the name of “Information and Liaison Office and Palestinian officials were treated in their representative capacity for the PLO.
In 1989, the Palestinian delegation was granted diplomatic status and Italy recognized its Palestinian General Commission.
Sony Movies (formerly known as Sony Movie Channel from 2010 to 2021) is an American subscription television channel that launched on October 1, 2010.
Owned by subsidiary Sony Pictures Television.
Dominik Lechner (born 1 April 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for 2.
Liga club Liefering.
Dominik Lechner (born 8 January 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as a midfielder for 2.
Liga club Liefering.
He underwent a double lung transplant due to pulmonary fibrosis in 2018.
On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes.
This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland.
Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 60 metres event.
After the semi-final the Dutch Tollien Schuurman tore a muscle and couldn't start the final.
On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes.
This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland.
Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 100 metres event.
A day later it was later also mentioned a team of 4 American sprinter was in London for the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres event.
On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes.
This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland.
Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.
The final took place on 12 August 1934.
The final took place on 12 August 1934.
The qualification took place on 9 August.
The best 6 athletes continued to the final.
The final took place on 12 August 1934.
All finalists were able to jump 1.47 metres in the qualification.
The final took place in the afternoon on 9 August 1934.
Štepánka Pekárová was the only women who improved her performance in the final compared to the qualification.
The Syrian National Army used to be the Free Syrian Army, a loose faction made of defectors from the Syrian Arab Army after 2011 crackdowns.
The FSA still exists, but a lot of members has moved to the newer, Turkish-backed Syrian opposition group.
Smulders competed at the 2020 European Road Championships in the women’s under-23 road race where she was the lead-out rider for Lonneke Uneken, who won the silver medal.
Due to this performance and her performance during the 2020 Trophée des Grimpeuses, she earned a professional contract in 2021 with Lotto–Soudal Ladies.
While she missed a part of the season due to a knee surgery she had some good results.
, and the Paramilitary forces known as the National Defense Forces.
The SAAF is a conscripted force made up of about 150,000 men (not counting militants).
The SAAF was first formed back in 1920, it was called the French Mandate Volunteer Force.
It was considered the Special Army of the Levant.
During World War II, they fought against against British and Free French troops but all fights were unsuccessful.
There later was a gendarmerie force made to fight off criminals, and political enemies, the force had about 10,000 men and 306 officers with most of the high ranking members being French.
After the World War II, the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against the IDF in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
Between 1948 and 1967 there were multiple coup d'etats.
The first coup was in 1949 led by General Husni al-Za'im, which was successful.
With two more coups later that year, in 1954 more coups occurred with a massive officer purge to ensure no more coups.
But in 1963 a newer coup happened led by the Ba'ath Party which made Hafez al-Assad the new President of Syria.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against Syrian Protesters in 2011, causing the Syrian Civil War.
With about 40 officers defecting and making the Free Syrian Army that later on turned to the Syrian National Army.
With the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fighting in major battles such as the Siege Of Homs, Battle of Damascus, Battle of Aleppo and other battles.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is a conscripted force, with a conscription age of 18-42.
There are exemptions such as Mental Disabilities, Physical Disabilities, Paying a fee, being an only son.
With the Punishments for avoiding service are exiled or jailed.
It was first Introduced in May 16th, 2007 with about 18 months of service but no confirmed soldiers were let go.
The Syrian Arab Air Force is the Air Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, the Syrian Arab Air Force consists of 2 Divisions.
Made up of 7 Fighter-Bomber brigades, 4 Helicopter Brigades and a single Air Transport Brigade.
The Syrian Navy is the Naval Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, with about 4,000 men.
With about 43 ships, 21 Helicopters and 12 Coastal Defense Systems.
The Syrian Air Defense Force is the Anti-Air branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, made up of about 55,000 men.
With about 20 Air Defense Brigades and 3 Air Defense Regiments.
On 17 January 2022, the meeting of Provincial assembly declared Janakpur as capital of Province No.
2 while the province was renamed to Madhesh Province.
Hari Shankar Mishra is the Head of Province while Mohammad Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi is the current Chief Minister.
The province includes eight districts from Saptari District in the east to Parsa District in the west.
The Capital city Janakpur, also known as Janakpurdham, is a centre for religious and cultural tourism.
It is also thought to have been the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled Mithila region in ancient times.
Janakpurdham or Janakpur (, ) is a sub-metropolitan city in Dhanusha District, Madhesh Province, Nepal.
The city is a hub for religious and cultural tourism.
A headquarter of Dhanusha district, Janakpur is also the capital for Madhesh Province.
The city was founded in the early 18th century.
According to tradition, storyteller shows an earlier city known as Janakpurdham existed in the area, which used to be the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled the Mithila region in ancient times.
LGBT reproduction is when lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people have biological kids.
They do this with help from medical technology.
This is different from LGBT parenting.
LGBT parenting includes things like LGBT adoption.
In recent years, scientists have been studying and making ways to help same-sex couples have kids..
The main ways being looked at are creating sperm from women and eggs from men.
In 2004, Japanese scientists changed the job of some genes.
They used two mouse eggs to make baby mice.
In 2018, Chinese scientists made 29 female mice from two mother mice.
But they couldn't make baby mice from two father mice.
One possible way is to get sperm and eggs from skin stem cells.
As State Attorney General, Schmidt worked tirelessly to help bring justice to the state of Kansas.
Derek Schmidt was the 44th attorney general for the State of Kansas.
He is the state’s second longest-serving attorney general and in his 2018 reelection received the most votes of any candidate for attorney general in state history.
Schmidt was the Republican nominee for governor in 2022, losing to the incumbent in the state’s closest gubernatorial general election since 1978.
As Kansas attorney general, Schmidt made it his mission to serve and protect Kansans – especially the most vulnerable.
He stopped scam artists and abusers from preying on seniors, prosecuted an unprecedented number of crimes against children, and sued companies whose marketing, sales and distribution practices fueled opioid addiction.
The more than $1.5 billion his administration recovered for Kansas consumers and taxpayers is more than all previous Kansas attorneys general combined.
He successfully advocated for the Kansas Bureau of Investigation to build a long-overdue modern forensic science center on the campus of Washburn University, establish the Child Victims Unit and the Northeast Child Victims Task Force, and implement the Sexual Assault Kit Initiative that eliminated a backlog of untested sexual assault kits.
Schmidt personally and successfully argued three Kansas cases before the U.S.
Supreme Court.
Under his leadership, the Kansas attorney general’s office presented oral argument in eight U.S.
Supreme Court cases – and won them all.
He also was among attorneys general dubbed the “last line of defense against illegal and overreaching federal actions, who helped pioneer the role of state attorneys general in using state litigation to enforce the boundaries of our federal system.
Before being elected attorney general, Schmidt served 10 years as a Kansas state senator, representing a rural district in Southeast Kansas.
He served four of those years as chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and six years as Senate Majority Leader.
Honors presented to Schmidt include the Criminal Justice Professional of the Year Award from the Wichita Crime Commission, the Exceptional Service to Kansas Law Enforcement Award from the Kansas Sheriffs Association, the Policy Maker of the Year Award from the Kansas County and District Attorneys Association, the Distinguished Service to Kansas Children Award from the Kansas Children’s Service League, and the Guardian of Small Business Award from the Kansas chapter of the National Federation of Independent Businesses.
He served as the 2017-18 president of the National Association of Attorneys General, where he led a national campaign against elder abuse and was presented the Kelley-Wyman Award as the nation’s outstanding Attorney General for 2019.
A native of Independence, Kansas, Schmidt graduated from Independence High School and studied at Independence Community College.
He earned his bachelor’s degree in journalism from the University of Kansas, his master’s degree in international politics from the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom, his law degree from Georgetown University Law Center, and his doctorate in law from the University of Kansas School of Law.
Schmidt and his wife, Jennifer, are the parents of two daughters.
In March 2021, Schmidt announced his candidacy for governor of Kansas in the 2022 election.
He won the primary election, but lost the general election election to Governor Laura Kelly in November 2022.
Schmidt got 47.3%, Kelly got 49.5%, Pyle 2.2%, and Cordell got 1.1% of the vote.
She became national champion in 1907, 1908 and 1922.
Ada Ameh was a from Idoma in Benue State.
he was born and raised in Ajegunle in Lagos State.
Ameh did both primary and secondary education in Lagos State but didn't further at age 14, the same age she gave birth to her first daughter.
, 2018 and 2019.
In 2016, Javed appeared in Sony TV's Bade Bhaiya Ki Dulhania as Avni Pant.
In the same year, she played the role of Chhaya on StarPlus's Chandra Nandini.
The long jump qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
The javelin throw qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
The only semi-final was played on 8 August between Poland and France.
The referee of the semi-final was from France, leading to protest of the Polish team in such an important game.
France beated Poland with 36 versus 20 points.
Poland was eventually classified in third place of the Games.
On the morning hours of 8 March 1944, at dawn, Hélène Berr was arrested with her parents at their house, at 5 Avenue Élisée-Reclus.
Following their arrest, they were detained at the Drancy internment camp.
The diary consists of 262 loose sheets.
Hélène wrote in fine handwriting using both blue or black ink and pencil in the sheets.
Padam Hang Thamsunhang also known as Sabin Limbu is a Nepali singer, musician and composer.
Archduchess Marie Valerie Mathilde Amalie of Austria (22 April 1868 – 6 September 1924) was the youngest child of Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria and Empress Elisabeth.
Pat Benatar recorded You Better Run for her second album, Crimes of Passion (1980).
The song was released as the album's lead single, with Out-A-Touch as the B-side.
It peaked at number 42 on the U.S.
Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 44 on the Cash Box Top 100.
Markus Mader (born 21 May 1968) is a former Austrian football player and manager of SC Austria Lustenau.
General Prabhu Ram Sharma (; born 5 January 1964) is the Chief of Army Staff in the Nepalese Army.
He took the oath from the president of Nepal on 9 September 2021.
He is successor to Purna Chandra Thapa.
Sharma was born on January 5, 1964 in Kathmandu.
He entered into Nepal army in 1984 as a Second Lieutenant in Purano Gorakh Battalion.
He has a master’s degree in history from Tribhuwan University and master of philosophy in Defense and Strategic Study from University of Madras.
Sharma is married to Sunita Sharma and has two daughters.
One of her earliest matches are from December 1928.
The Penobscot did hunting.
They moved for different seasons.
They traveled in birch bark canoes.
They hunted and fished at different times of the year.
They joined the fur trade.
They traded furs and got goods like alcohol.
Many Natives died from European diseases.
They were not immune to these diseases.
Penobscot encountered French in Canada and English in New England.
They supported the Americans in the American Revolution.
However, Americans began to push Penobscot off their lands.
They were forced onto reservations.
At the turn of the 19th century, the Penobscot gave up most of their land to Massachusetts.
They could only stay on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation.
The tribe has sued the state of Maine several times.
These have included issues like the right to hunt and land claims.
For the Penobscot, the lands have spiritual importance.
Religion was closely connected to land.
The landscape was part of a larger cosmology.
Thus, land was very important for the Penobscot.
A key figure in legends is Klose-kur-beh (Gluskbe).
He gives the Natives practical and spiritual knowledge.
He is as old as creation.
According to Penobscot cosmology, Gluskbe warned about the greed and lust of white men.
Animals and plants also had spiritual elements.
Natives converted to Christianity when Europeans arrived.
Referred to as Section 400 this secret operation exposed surrounding Indigenous communities to radiation by contaminating the soil and water sources.
Walter MacDougal, who threatened to go to the press, was tasked with searching 100, 000km by car to alert local Aboriginals, of the dangers, in some cases forcing them to leave their home.
Despite this over one thousand Indigenous people were exposed to radiation, alternatively known as black mist by the locals.
Josef Walter (27 October 1925 – 16 March 1992) was an Austrian footballer.
He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Grant-Suttie was from East Lothian where she started playing golf.
Her trainer was Ben Sayers.
She played against the main amateurs and professional golfers at North Berwick, Kilspindic, Muirfield and in the South.
She won the Stroke competition at St.
Andrews in 1908.
At the same venue she also won the Ladies' Open Championship.
The mission of the project is to build a high-performance and highly available server for Linux using clustering technology, that provides good scalability, reliability and serviceability.
The adult frog is 35 mm long from nose to rear end.
They can be light gray, light brown, or olive gray in color.
They have lighter color on their bellies.
Each frog has two stripes on its face from the mouth to the ear.
They have dark stripes on their backs and legs.
There is some yellow color on the back legs.
José Luis Espejo Pérez ( Barcelona, 1965 ), is a Spanish- language writer.
He is specialized in historical essays.
He has a degree in Geography and History from the University of Barcelona.
Between 1998 and 2002 he lived in the city of Bath (United Kingdom), a period in which he worked as a screenwriter in several audiovisual companies.
Previously (in 1994) he spent eight months in the United States.
His knowledge of the cultural reality in these two Anglo-Saxon countries brought him into contact with the two subjects he deals with most in his books: Social Reality and Critical History.
He returned to Spain in 2002, to dedicate himself to writing historical essay books, among them, El Conocimiento secreto: Los entresijos de las sociedades secretas and Los hijos del Edén: toda la verdad sobre la Atlántida.
He made trips to Italy and France (until 2007 and 2008), compiling for 10 years a large amount of documentation on the life and work of Leonardo da Vinci .
As a result of this research, he published the book: Leonardo: los años perdidos, and later El viaje secreto de Leonardo da Vinci and Los mensajes ocultos de Leonardo da Vinci .
The Lliga Nacional de Fútbol, also known as Primera Divisió (First Division) or Campionat de Lliga, is the top football league of Andorra.
FC Santa Coloma dressed in all white all the seasons since the creation of the Andorran Premier League, alternating the home kit with red or blue.
Traditionally the away kit has been all blue and third kit all red.
However the original first kit at the beginning of the foundation of the club was blue and gives the nickname of Blues.
In the club crest feature the colours of Andorra and the Holy Dove that gives the name of the Santa Coloma d'Andorra town and therefore the name of the club.
After the war, Maček moved into a mansion that had been confiscated from the pharmacist Leo Bahovec Maček was minister of the interior and vice-president of the Slovene government (1945–1953), vice-president of the Executive council of PR Slovenia and a member of the Federal Executive Council (1953–1963) and also the President of the People's Assembly of SR Slovenia (1963–1967).
He was also a deputy in the National and Federal Assembly.
Maček died in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 10 July 1993 due to heart failure.
The Copa Constitució is the cup competition in Andorran football.
It started in 1991.
The winner of the Copa is playing in the qualification for UEFA Europa League.
The cup is played in five rounds.
In the first round the eight best teams of the Segona Divisió play four matches.
The winner must play against the under half of the table of the Primera Divisió .
In the third round the best teams of the Primera Divisió start in the competition.
Then a half- and a final is played.
The club's nickname is Esquirols (Squirrels) due to the number of the animals that live around the town of Santa Coloma.
The academy was partly decorated with Dutch flags.
The competitions were preceded by an orchestra playing the Dutch national anthem (Wilhelmus) and the English national anthem (God save the Queen).
These are small frogs.
They live in trees.
These frogs lay eggs in water in the leaves of bromeliad plants.
These plants are epiphytes: they grow on trees instead of putting their roots in the ground.
For example, a bromeliad might grow on a branch high in the forest canopy.
Water falls into the bromeliad leaves and forms a little pool near the plant's axil.
Many female frogs lay their eggs on the leaves so that the tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch.
The tadpoles swim and grow inside the bromeliad plant without ever going to a river, stream, pond, or the ground.
Gian Carlo Malchiodi was born on 1917 in Piacenza, in Lombardy in northern Italy.
Malchiodi graduated from the Milan Polytechnic in Architecture in 1943,in Rome and enrolled in the Order of Architects of Milan in 1944.
Serce and Rozum were created by Publicis Poland advertising agency.
First commercial with them was broadcast on TV in 2010, however in 2017 Orange officially anounced that the characters will no longer appear in their adverts.
They are retiring to Florida.
The downy woodpecker (Dryobates pubescens) is a species of woodpecker.
It is the smallest in North America.
According to an PAL standard, SDTV broadcasts in three ways.
First, at ratio of length and width 16:3 and resolution 1080x500.
Lastly, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 480x500.
The first one has best quality, second one is next, and the last one is the worst.
Canada and Mexico also have skyscrapers, especially in Toronto, Calgary, Mexico City and Monterrey.
In addition, Panama City has skyscraper building activities.
They list a total of 49 buildings over 150 meters in height.
Emperor Hirohito stayed on the imperial throne and was given full immunity from prosecution for war crimes after he agreed to replace the wartime cabinet with a ministry approved by the Allies.
Thomas Simons (born 9 April 2004), better known as TommyInnit ( ), is an English YouTuber and Twitch streamer.
Before creating his YouTube channel on October 12, 2006, Johnson worked in other places.
He worked as a student assistant, and then a teaching assistant at the Georgia Institute of Technology, a software developer intern at Radiant Systems, an engineering practicum intern at Google, a software engineer intern, and then a software engineer at Yelp, and a senior software engineer, and then an engineering manager at Patreon.
Johnson's channel has many different commentaries and running jokes, such as Zeffo Overlord of 1-2-3 Go, and how comically large his computer science degree is.
His channel also serves content farms and their ability to game the YouTube algorithms, giving attention to their media content, that can be seen to encourage behavior, whether regarding animated story channels based on untrue accounts or unproductive, or even dangerous, life hacks, popularized by the 5-Minute Crafts and Bright Side channels, which are managed by TheSoul Publishing.
In May 2021, Johnson posted a video on Twitter captioned what a normal and ultimate spaghetti hack!
The video had a woman pouring Prego sauce onto a kitchen counter.
The tweet gained international recognition and Prego ended up on the trending page on Twitter.
The video in the tweet was then taken down by the creator of the video a mere 2 days later.
The Attack on the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires was a suicide bombing attack happened on Tuesday, March 17, 1992, causing 22 deaths and 242 injuries.
The attack completely destroyed the headquarters of the embassy and the consulate, located at numbers 910 and 916 Arroyo Street in the city of Buenos Aires.
The attack was investigated by the Supreme Court of Justice, without identifying any suspect and without the case being brought to trial until 2022.
This definition can be used for three and higher dimensions too.
She has worked in Spanish audiovisual content in Spanish called Ahí les va, on the YouTube video platform.
Landau's problems are four basic problems about prime numbers.
They were listed at the 1912 International Congress of Mathematicians and presented by Edmund Landau.
Fowowe is the Principal consultant of Praise Fowowe International as well as the founder of The Institute of Family Engineering & Development Africa.
Moussa Kounfolo Yeo (born 1 June 2004) is a Malian football player.
He plays for FC Liefering in Austria's second league as midfielder on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In 1968, Lugano won the Swiss Cup and participated in the Cup Winners' Cup.
Two years later the team took part in the UEFA Cup.
Raúl Leoni Otero (26 April 1905 – 5 July 1972) was the President of Venezuela from 1964 until 1969.
He was a member of the Generation of 1928 and a charter member of the Acción Democrática party, and the first Labor minister of Venezuela (during El Trienio Adeco, 1945–48).
Dan Futterman (born June 8, 1967) is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer.
Arnold also scored the BBC / Amazon Prime series Good Omens (2019) adapted by Neil Gaiman from his book Good Omens, written with Terry Pratchett.
Noah Wyle (born June 4, 1971) is an American actor.
Minetest is set in a world full of blocks shaped like cubes.
Gameplay is in the first-person camera for normal, but players also have the option for third-person camera.
The game world is composed of in-game 3D objects, many of them are just simple cubes, commonly called nodes.
Different in-game nodes (blocks) represent different materials, such as dirt, stone, ores, tree trunks, water, and lava.
The core gameplay revolves around picking up and placing these objects, one node at a time.
Nodes are arranged in a 3D grid, while players can move smoothly around the world.
Players can mine blocks and then place them somewhere else, granting the permission to them to change (modify) the game world.
Players can also craft a wide variety of hand-held tools to help them with the world change.
Pickaxes allow players to dig rocky nodes, shovels speed up the digging of dirt and sand, water buckets allow to pick up water nodes, etc.
A player controls a 3D character known as Sam, which is first-letter acronym for Sam ain't Minecraft.
The official draw took place on 24 June 2022, 12:00 local time CEST () at the FIFA headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland.
The teams were allocated based on their performances in the 5 previous U-17 Women's World Cups, five bonus points are added to each of the confederation's current champions that won the respective qualifying tournament (for this cycle).
The high speed by the Learjet, piloted by Captain Álvaro Sánchez Jiménez, caused it to come dangerously close to a Mexicana Boeing 767-300 heavy passenger plane, coming from Buenos Aires, and enter the wake of turbulence, destabilizing and shooting down the small aircraft.
Carlos Román Delgado Chalbaud Gómez (20 January 1909 – 13 November 1950) was a Venezuelan career military officer.
He was the President of Venezuela from 1948 to 1950 as leader of a military junta.
In 1945, he was one of the high-ranking officers who brought to power the Democratic Action party by a coup d'état.
Banco Credicoop has its origin in the Credit Unions.
In 1976 the Argentinean military government tried to eliminate credit unions, an area of ​​the cooperative sector.
This prompted a defensive action that led to the merger of credit cooperatives in order to survive, giving rise to Banco Credicoop in 1979, from the merger of the 44 credit unions that existed in the Capital and in Greater Buenos Aires.
Aires, some of which had been created in the early 20th century.
Ruffo was born in Balcatta, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.
In 2017, he was diagnosed with brain cancer.
Madden married actress Cameron Diaz in 2015.
Britell was raised in a Jewish family in New York City.
Britell stated composers like George Gershwin, Quincy Jones and Philip Glass as influences.
Fernando Andrés Sabag Montiel is the person who tried to fire at Cristina Fernández.
He has a record for carrying a knife.
He lives in the La Paternal neighborhood.
In photographs of the attacker released by the media, a tattoo of the black sun, a neo-fascist symbol, can be seen on his elbow.
Vajiravudh (Thai: วชิราวุธ, RTGS: Wachirawut, 1 January 1881 – 26 November 1925) was the sixth monarch of Siam under the Chakri dynasty as Rama VI.
During the administration of the President Mauricio Macri, its use decreased.
Another similar situation was the opposition, on the part of the Honduran press, to broadcasting national channels during the government of President Manuel Zelaya, considering that in the past the cadena nacional system was used constantly, mainly by the de facto governments, without satisfactory results.
They provide public transportation with about 2240 buses and 399 trams.
De Lijn was founded in 1991.
They were made after the public transportation companies of Antwerp and Ghent fused with the Flemish part of the NMVB (Nationale Maatschappij van Buurtspoorwegen, or the National Company of Neighborhood Railways).
Prior to 2018, three models were launched.
They debuted in India in 2017 with the model 10.or E in two variants.
It became a hit among the young.
It was viewed as a low budget phone with some good features.
In August 2018, the 10.or D2 phone was launched.
After almost a year, the company launched its latest phone, the 10.or G2, in July 2019.
Two variants with 4GB and 6GB RAM were also released.
Doyle was born on 6 April 1953 in Uddingston, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Doyle lives with his wife Lesley, with whom he has four children.
Alberto Iglesias Fernández-Berridi was born in San Sebastián.
He received a Bachelor of Systems from the CAECE University, and has a Master in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University (USA).
He ventured into politics under the guidance of Ricardo López Murphy.
At the age of 34, he led the party's youth, then held the first Vice Presidency of Recreate Capital.
On April 28, 2021, Esteban Bullrich declared to the media that he was diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a neurodegenerative disease that currently has no cure and whose treatments are palliative.
It was ranked 27th in the world and second in the Top 50 Under 50 by QS 2021.
It was ranked first in the Times Higher Education Young University Rankings in 2019.
Sharp was born in Bradford.
He was the son of a well-to-do merchant, and was educated at Bradford Grammar School.
The archipelago is part of the State of Pernambuco, Brazil.
He was a true freshman at Ohio State University in 2013.
Elliott rushed for 262 yards on 30 carries with two touchdowns as a backup to starter Carlos Hyde.
Butler was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi.
He has four siblings.
He graduated from Vicksburg High School in 2009.
Butler received a scholarship to Hinds Community College in Raymond, Mississippi.
Butler also participated in track and field at Vicksburg, where he took part in sprints and jumps.
He had personal record of 12.07 seconds in the 100-meter dash, 1.83 meters (6'0) in the high jump, and 6.92 meters (22'8.5) in the long jump.
Tyler Bates (born June 5, 1965) is an American musician, producer and composer for film, television and video game scores.
Bates was born in Los Angeles, California.
The building is made of bricks and bush-hammered concrete, left exposed strongly influenced by the Rationalist Movement.
It is in fact the parapets of the balconies that characterize the facades, through a skilful use of sandblasted bricks that draw geometries that are certainly functional, simple and precise, but not entirely alien to a certain taste for the reinterpretation of traditional elements such as ventilation grids, typical of Lombard farmhouses, to which many of Luigi Caccia Dominioni's contemporary linguistic choices for many Milanese condominiums also refer.
Prince William of Gloucester (William Henry Andrew Frederick; 18 December 1941 – 28 August 1972) was a grandson of King George V and a cousin of Queen Elizabeth II.
At the time of his birth he was fourth in line to the throne, and ninth in line at the time of his death.
The AGS-17 has a removable barrel to reduce heat and barrel stress, while it also has a tripod that is able to go up to 75° Angle and down to a -5° Angle.
It is able to fire up to 400 rounds a minute.
It also has two sights, an iron sight and a mortar-styled sight, but it also has a rail to use a scope and a sight.
The Plamya also has a Snail drum that can carry up to 29 rounds of 30x29mm.
Sing Pao Daily News kept writing for months that the group had been causing trouble in Hong Kong for their own gain.
Leung sounded like he looked down on the above-said writing when he once answered reporters' questions.
Ta Kung Pao and Wen Wei Po, whose boss is Jiang, kept writing for months that the above-said writing was telling lies.
Ernst Dokupil (born 24 April 1947) is a retired Austrian footballer and coach.
Friedrich Fritz Gschweidl (13 December 1901 in Vienna– 5 April 1970) was an Austrian footballer and coach.
He played as forward.
It consists of a body with two exteriors and two interiors.
General Francis Richard Dannatt, Baron Dannatt, (born 23 December 1950) is a retired senior British Army officer.
He is member of the House of Lords.
He was Chief of the General Staff (head of the Army) from 2006 to 2009.
Enno Penno (22 April 1930 – 16 November 2016) was an Estonian politician.
He was the Acting Prime Minister of Estonia in exile from 1 March 1990 to 20 June 1992.
The competition was held as follows.
The dialects of the Siberians were created mainly on the basis of Northern Russian dialects.
Siberian regionalism (Siberian nationalism) considered the Siberians to be a separate people from the Russians.
Among ethnologists there are both opponents and supporters of this point of view.
In 1918, under the control of the Siberian regionalists, there was a short-lived state formation Siberian Republic.
An oblast () is a type of federal subject of the Russian Federation.
Oblasts are divided into raions (districts), cities of oblast significance (district-equivalent independent cities), and autonomous okrugs.
These are legally federal subjects equal to an oblast but are different from others.
Two oblasts have autonomous okrugs: Arkhangelsk Oblast (Nenets Autonomous Okrug) and Tyumen Oblast (Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug and Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug).
Innosilicon is a Chinese microprocessor company that develops GPUs.
In November 2021, the company introduced the Fenghua 1 (Fantasy 1) discrete graphics processing unit (GPU).
In the week before the competition it was reported that a total of fourteen women entered the competition.
Five from the United Kingdom, two from Salle Verbrugge in Belgium, and seven Dutch fencers from Salle Giandomenici, in the Netherlands.
A later article stated two other Dutch women who entered, but didn't compete.
Luddy was born in Great Falls, Montana to Will and Molly Luddy.
(ru Пётр Си́мон Палла́с, Pjótr) Símon Pallás - * September 22, 1741 in Berlin; † September 8, 1811 ibid) was a German Prussian naturalist, geographer and explorer.
He was appointed a full member of the Academy of Sciences in Saint Petersburg in 1767 and undertook expeditions through Siberia and the southern Russian Empire in 1768-1774 and 1793/1794, sponsored by Tsarina Catherine II.
The tetragonal crystalline structure neodymium magnets make.
The final was held in the evening.
Alice Walker was not in her best, and lost her firts match against Jean Colmer with 5-3.
However, she won against all the other opponents and so the final classification.
The index is a bit like the Human Development Index but more concerned with politics and freedoms.
The index shows the state of democracy in 167 countries and territories, of which 166 are sovereign states and 164 are UN member states.
The capital and largest city of Chuvashia is Cheboksary (population 464,000 in 2010).
Cheboksary is located on the southern bank of the Volga.
Just east of Cheboksary is the second largest city (a satellite city of Cheboksary), Novocheboksarsk (population 124,000 in 2010).
According to the 2010 Census, ethnic Chuvash make up 67.7% of the republic's population.
Other groups include Russians (26.9%), Tatars (2.8%), Mordvins (1.1%), and a host of smaller groups, each accounting for less than 0.5% of the total population.
Mithun Chakraborty (;born Gaurang Chakraborty June 16, 1950) is an Indian film actor, social worker, entrepreneur and politician.
He was a member of Rajya Sabha from 2014 until his resignation on 2016.
Coleen Patricia Nolan (born 12 March 1965) is an English singer, television presenter, and author.
She was a member of the sister group The Nolans from 1980 to 1994.
Since 2000, Nolan has been a regular panelist on the ITV lunchtime talk show Loose Women.
Gaisford also anchored coverage of the 2008 Summer Olympics from Beijing.
He also reported from South Africa during the 2010 FIFA World Cup for GMTV.
Results of the census have been published by Rosstat with more results announced for June–December 2022.
Collatz studied at universities in Germany, including the University of Berlin under Alfred Klose.
He received his doctorate in 1935 for writing a paper about linear differential equations.
He worked as an assistant for the university.
Then, he worked at the Technical University of Karlsruhe in 1935.
He habilitated (achieved the highest university degree in European countries) in 1937.
He worked as a Privatdozent (sign of position given to special students in Europe) from 1938 to 1943.
He worked with Alwin Walther at the Institute for Practical Mathematics.
Collatz worked at the University of Hamburg from 1952 until 1978.
There, he created the Institute of Applied Mathematics.
After leaving his job, he continued to be active.
Franz Feldinger (22 August 1928 – 16 March 2009) was an Austrian footballer.
He played for SV Austria Salzburg and in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Oprah with Meghan and Harry was a 2021 television special interview hosted by American media personality Oprah Winfrey.
It features an interview between Winfrey, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex.
The special premiered on March 7, 2021 on CBS in the US and the following day in the UK on ITV.
In the morning of 21 May 1913 the preliminairy matches were held at Salle Verbruggen.
In the afternoon the finalists competed at Stedelijke Feestzaal, the main the exposition area.
In the final all fencers competed once against each others.
Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was able to win from all her opponents.
With 35 touchés she won the first prize.
A silver cup.
Net 25 (capitalized and stylized as NET25) is a Philippine television network.
It is owned and operated by Eagle Broadcasting Corporation.
The network is named for its flagship station in Metro Manila, DZEC-TV, which is carried on UHF Channel 25 on analog terrestrial TV and UHF Channel 28 on digital terrestrial TV.
It has carried by major cable operators in the country.
At the end of the First World War he became an Austrian international for the first time.
He played for the Austria national football team between 1919 and 1926 and scored eight goals in eight games.
After the Second World War, he returned to coaching Schwarz-Weiß Essen from 1949 to 1951.
He went on to train his former club, Rapid Vienna, for one season from 1953 to 1954.
In this year they beat the London club Arsenal 6-1 on 25 May 1953.
Richard Rigo Kuthan (3 July 1891 – 10 February 1958) was an Austrian international footballer.
He played for SK Rapid Wien as forward.
Pfarrwiese was a stadium in Vienna, Austria.
It was the home ground of SK Rapid Wien from 1912 till 1978.
The ground was built between August 1911 and April 1912.
Architect was Eduard Schönecker, who also planed the Hohe Warte Stadium.
From July 2007 to December 2008 he was the manager of the Dutch first division club FC Utrecht.
The years 1999, 2002, 2004, 2008, 2010, and 2011 saw very damaging floods totaling in costs to $70 million.
The first storm prompted the city to research an engineering project on the 100-year floods.
It was found that the sewers were not big enough for large storms.
Detention basins, ponds that collect water, were added in the area.
Also, the sewer became a river to hold more water.
Bashar al-Assad said that the Free Syrian Army's making was made of only defecting soldiers without a sense of Nationalism and Loyalty, and their goal was to start a revolution, make protests and the need for action of the Government and Syrian Army to help protestors and protect them, and take down the Assad Regime that made a Military Machine.
During October 2011, an American Government Official announced that the Syrian Army has lost atleast 10,000 men from defections alone.
Later that month, Turkey started aiding the Free Syrian army with weapons and gear.
And allowed the Free Syrian Army to operate a Head Quarters in Souther Turkey, which was close to the Syrian Border.
It allowed them to launch attacks in northern Syrian towns.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that on November 24th, Shabiha (Pro-Assad Thugs) and Soldiers went to western Rastan to track down defectors.
They were accamponied with Armoured Vehicles with Heavy Machine guns and Anti-Aircraft weapons, 24 people were killed, 11 defectors were killed and four wounded during clashes.
There were also reports of them in Daraa and Homs.
On November 16th, the Free Syrian Army planned an Attack at an Air Force Intillegence Complex in Damascus was attacked.
According to the Free Syrian Army, they did it with Machine Guns and Rockets, which killed six soldiers and wounded twenty others.
A western Diplomat said that the attack was hugely symbolic and tactically new.
The attack was a part of the 2011 Damascus Clashes, the year later, Al-Qeada group Al-Nusra Front attacked the complex using a car bomb.
But according to an AFP reporter, he went to the site of the attack, but saw no damage and asked the Syrian Locals, and they said that they saw nothing and heard no explosions.
According to Reuters, two missiles hit the building again in December 20th, if it were fully confirmed that the FSA had done it, it would have shown that the FSA had greater reach over the place.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces officially announced that the ambush did happen, and a spokesman for the Armed Forces said an armed terrorist group undertook an evil assassination plot that martyred six pilots, a technical officer and three other personnel on an air force base between Homs and Palmyra.
But the Free Syrian Army claimed that they killed seven pilots, instead of six.
Syrian Human Rights groups stated that the Free Syrian Army killed three men and captured two others on the 29th of November.
And according to another Syrian Human Rights group stated that seven soldiers were killed on the 30th of November during fighting in the town of Deal after Syrian Army troops moved in the town with force and started fighting from early in the morning to the afternoon, Rami Abdel Rahman, the Head of The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights Two security force vehicles were blown up.
Seven (troops) were killed,.
According to SANA, Forty-eight Syrian Army soldiers were killed during the clashes in Idlib, and SANA calling the dead soldiers Martyrs or Shaheeds and announcing Martydom.
On 11th of December, troops from the 12th Armored Brigade in the towns of Busra al-Harir, which was 40 Kilometers away from the border of Jordan, and allegedly was the largest battle during the early phase of the war.
At least five soldiers and a military Officer were allegedly killed the same day, in clashes during a Sunday, in the town of Kfar Takharim, two Vehicles were blown up, and three other vehicles were burned in Busra al-Harir.
Multiple Free Syrian Army defectors in Homs said a senior army officer was killed on December 11th after not firing at civilians, and according to Free Syrian Army's Brigadier General Salman al-Awaja, the officer was given orders to fire on residents in Homs.
When he refused, he was killed.
It caused multiple defections from the killing, while clashes from the Free Syrian Army and Assad loyalists broke out.
And according to the Syrian Human Rights Obsevatory said that two people were killed and two armoured vehicles were destroyed.
A former Syrian Army General named Mustafa al-Sheikh said to Reuters that 20,000 soldiers defected since beginning of the war.
And that the Free Syrian Army had taken control of a lot of land and later said in an interview If we get 25,000 to 30,000 deserters mounting guerrilla warfare in small groups of six or seven it is enough to exhaust the army in a year to a year-and-a-half, even if they are armed only with rocket-propelled grenades and light weapons.
Multiple defections happened in 2012.
In 2015, Russia joined the Syrian Civil War to help out the Syrian Armed Forces and Bashar Al-Assad.
The Russian Intervention has stopped the advance of the opposition, according to Al-Jazeera.
While a new side joins in the war, the Syrian Democratic Forces, a group of Kurdish and Arab militias in northern Syria.
The Russians double tap air strikes that killed civilians and humanitarian aid workers.
The Syrian Defense Forces didn't exactly fight the Free Syrian Army, but relations are complicated, there were recorded fights between the two, but they mainly fought ISIS along eachother.
The airstrikes have also targeted Free Syrian Army, killing at least 6,000 men.
In 2017,the Syrian National Army was formed, the group was named the Turkish-Backed Syrian Free Army.
A lot of the Free Syrian Army fighters joined the Syrian National Army, since they have better gear, and more ammunitions.
And they were funded by Turkey, and use Turkish weapons and operated Turkish vehicles such as the FNSS ACV-15.
And also funded by the with weapons U.S made such as the BGM-71 TOW and Mk-19s.
The Free Syrian Army has received aid from nations such as the United States and Qatar, each nation has a different purpose of supporting the Free Army, some nations have cut their funding to the Free Syrian Army, and stopped contact with the Free Army.
As soon as the Syrian Civil War started, the Gulf States (Saudia Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, and Kuwait) funded the Free Syrian Army and other opposition groups, so they can overthrow the Assad regime and stop Iran from influencing Saudia Arabia, and other Gulf States.
The United States told the Gulf States to stop funding as the funded Islamist Jihad groups like Al-Nusra Front and such.
The group was named Division 30, and was apart of the Free Syrian Army.
It later joined the Al-Nusra Front after being stopped attempting to cross the border to Turkey.
And they handed all of their weapons and some of their men to be able to pass the border.
All of the communications of the Free Syrian Army was or is done by using a Walkie-Talkie, and Intelligence would be gathered by talking to locals and soldiers that are about to defect.
And they would work also with Civilian councils and Human Rights groups that are observing a certain location or place.
It would usually happen next to large population places such as Homs, Aleppo and Damascus.
The Free Syrian Army has or had multiple units in it's history.
Since 29th July, 2011, multiple units were a part of the Free Syrian Army such as Jaish al-Izzah and other groups.
In October 1968 he was first included in the selection of the Netherlands national team by national coach Georg Keẞler.
He had previously played for the Dutch military team of coach Jan Zwartkruis.
On April 16, 1969, he made his debut for the Orange squad, in a friendly against Czechoslovakia.
Rijnders was a fixture in the Netherlands national team in 1969 and 1970 and appeared in eight international matches.
After November 1970 he disappeared from the base under the new national coach František Fadrhonc.
Rijnders also opened a sports shop in Bruges.
The business soon went bankrupt.
Rijnders' wife left him and is said to have had a drinking problem.
As of June 2011, the catalog includes objects up to 25 Jupiter masses, an increase on the previous inclusion criteria of 20 Jupiter masses.
On October 6, 1885 Roxana was sentenced to be hanged on November 25, 1885, but later she was sentenced to be hanged on February 28, 1887.
Here are the 133 standard Crayola crayon colors.
According to its chronology page, Crayola considers each core color to have been introduced in a specific year.
These dates are reflected in the table below.
The hex triplets below are representative of the colors produced by the named crayons.
He attended the Preparatory School of Cadets for the Army in 2002 in Campinas, Brazil.
He graduated from the Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras in 2006 in Resende.
Graduated from the Escola de Aperfeiçoamento de Oficiais - EsAO, in 2017.
The draw for the semifinals took place on 9 April.
The Wound Badge (German: Verwundetenabzeichen) was a German military decoration.
Herbert Ninaus started with FC St.
Veit.
Then he went to first division side GAK.
His last international match was a September 1962 match against Czechoslovakia.
He earned 93 caps, scoring 12 goals.
It was the record until Anton Polster earned his 94th cap in June 1998.
Russian is the only official language of the oblast.
It was hosted by Jeremy Kyle and produced by ITV Studios.
It premiered on ITV on July 4, 2005 and lasted 17 series until its cancellation on May 10, 2019.
It was the most popular show on ITV.
It aired in sessions, weekday morning and attracted 1 million viewers.
It replaced the chat show Trisha.
The show is based on the confrontation of the guests trying to solve personal problems.
It is often related to family and romantic relationships, sex and addiction.
It features psychotherapist Graham Steiner, who assists guests during and after the show, and uses a polygraph, despite a lack of scientific evidence to support its use.
The 1919-20 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football.
SC Germania Schwechat was an Austrian football club from Lower Austria.
Today the club is playing under the name SV Schwechat in the Wiener Stadtliga (4th level).
Karl Jiszda (21 July 1899 – 30 November 1963) was an Austrian football player and coach.
On 31 July 1921 Karl Jiszda debuted for the Austria national football team against Finland (2-3).
He scored his first goal 1922 versus Hungary.
His move abroad ended his career in the national team.
He earned eleven caps and scored seven goals.
He coached Garbarnia Kraków, Floridsdorfer AC, FC Zürich and FC Oerlikon.
In 1937 he worked as head coach of the Lithuania national football team.
Andover is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States.
Many of the participants were known fencer of that era like: Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo, Ina Santhagens-Waller and Julia Beelaerts van Blokland.
A newcomer was a very young fencer, the 16 years old A.
C.
Fruin from Rotterdam.
All songs composed by the Cure (Perry Bamonte, Simon Gallup, Robert Smith, Porl Thompson, Boris Williams).
Four instrumental tracks taken from the Wish sessions at the Manor Winter 1991.
Gansl was one of five brothers who played for Hakoah Vienna.
Together with his brother Max he founded Sportclub Unitas.
In June 1914 he went to Wiener AF.
During the First World War he served in the Hungarian Army.
After end of the war he stayed in Hungary and played for Ferencvárosi .
1919 he came back to Hakoah Wien.
In the 1920–21 season Hakoah was promoted to the first league.
Hakoah scored 107 goals, 52 of them were scored by Isidor Gansl.
In 1923 he left Hakoah and went to Makkabi Czernowitz.
Gansl's performances led to a call-up to the Romania national football team.
When he came back to Austria he played for Hakoah Graz.
A broken leg ended his career.
After the end of his playing career, Gansl also worked as a coach in Tunisia.
From 1929 to 1934 he managed US Tunisienne.
Mannix is an American detective television series.
It ran from 1967 to 1975 on CBS.
House's unorthodox diagnostic methods, alternative therapies, and unconditional rationality result in various conflicts with his fellow professionals.
House is often portrayed as lacking in sympathy and compassion towards his patients, a practice that allows you to solve pathological enigmas.
The participants from all nations gathered in Paris.
From there they made together the journey to Monte Carlo.
In Monte Carlo the participants were welcomed by Drigny, the secretary of the French Swimming Federation and board members of the International Sporting Club Monaco.
Captain Marvel is the name of many fictional superheroes.
They appear in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Most of these versions exist in the Marvel Universe.
The most well-known incarnation of the character is Carol Danvers.
S.H.I.E.L.D.
is a fictional espionage, law enforcement, and counterterrorism agency of the federal government of the United States.
They appeared in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
It was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in Strange Tales #135 (Aug.
1965).
It often deals with superhuman threats to international security.
The acronym was for Supreme Headquarters, International Espionage and Law-Enforcement Division.
It was changed in 1991 to Strategic Hazard Intervention Espionage Logistics Directorate.
Within the various movies set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as well as many animated and live-action television series, the backronym stands for Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.
Young Justice is a fictional DC Comics superhero team of teenaged heroes.
The team was formed in 1998.
This was when DC's usual teen hero group, the Teen Titans, had become adults and changed their name to the Titans.
Like the original Teen Titans, Young Justice was centered on three teen heroes: Superboy, Robin, and Impulse, but grew to encompass most teenaged heroes in the DC Universe.
In the 2003 mini-series Titans/Young Justice: Graduation Day, both groups disbanded.
Members of each formed two new teams of Teen Titans and Outsiders.
The 1974 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match of the 1973–74 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 14th European Cup Winners' Cup final.
It was contested between Magdeburg of East Germany and the defending champions, Milan of Italy.
It was held at Feijenoord Stadion in Rotterdam, Netherlands.
It was the final match of the 1976–77 European Cup Winners' Cup tournament and the 17th European Cup Winners' Cup final.
Conversations with Sorde caused Dr.
Sobel to understand politics in a new and different way.
This complex includes five buildings that have 3D Cinema, Amusement Park, Hotel 4 star, Reception Hall, Children's farm and a Many shopping.
Joseph Ayo Babalola (25 April 1904 – 26 July 1959) was the first General Evangelist of the Christ Apostolic Church, Nigeria.
Since the late 1990s, physicists knew that neutrinos show a quantum mechanical behavior called oscillations.
But this behavior is not predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics.
NOvA is working to better understand these particles by precision measurements of their oscillation properties.
Tambov was founded on 17 April 1636.
It was originally a border fortress against attacks by the Crimean Tatars.
Later, it was demoted to a military outpost.
In November 1830 the citizens of Tambov attacked their governor.
This was during the Cholera Riots.
They were quickly stopped by the army.
Tambov became a large cultural centre by the late 19th century.
It had a growing number of schools, libraries, and other similar buildings.
By 1897, its population was over 50,000 people.
From 1920-1921, the city's people started the Tambov Rebellion.
This was during the Russian Civil War.
It was a struggle between the citizens of Tambov and the Bolshevik Red Army.
The people of Tambov created the Tambov Republic in 1921.
It was quickly destroyed by the Red Army under the command of Mikhail Tukhachevsky.
Taganrog was used as an important port city from near the end of the 19th century until the beginning of the 20th century.
It was used for the import and export of grain.
The city was heavily industrialized in the early 20th century with the making of a boiler factory, an iron and steel foundry, a leather factory, and an oil press factory.
Fifteen foreign consulates had opened in the city by 1911.
On 12 September 2014, a guesthouse collapsed in the SCOAN's area in Lagos, killing at least 115 people, 84 of them were South Africans.
Nigerian emergency services refused to release the nationalities of the victims.
However, other countries have given some details about those who died.
Most of the casualties were from South Africa.
The then governor of Lagos State; Babatunde Fashola, ordered all church workers away from the scene in order to properly rescue trapped bodies.
The government also claimed the church did not get government approval before construction.
Journalist Nicholas Ibekwe released an audio recording that allegedly captures T.
B.
Joshua offering bribes to journalists in return for reporting the incident in a way that favourably portrayed the church.
The senior pastor of the church, T.
B.
Joshua has linked the tragedy to a strange aircraft hovering above the building shortly before it fell.
A video was released on YouTube that allegedly showed the plane hovering around the building before its collapse.
However, the coroner's report discovered the cause to be due to structural failure.
Local radio host Freeze made unfavorable comparisons to a similar incident in Lekki, in which Lekki Gardens managing director Richard Nyong was jailed for illegally unsealing a building that he was having constructed and that which later collapsed.
The future site of Komsomolsk-on-Amur was conquered by the Mongols in the 13th century.
It became part of the Mongol Empire under the Mongol Yuan Dynasty.
It was later held by the Manchus until the area was ceded (given) to the Russian Empire in the treaty of Aigun in 1858.
The village of Permskoye () was created on the later site of Komsomolsk in 1860 by migrant peasants from what is now the Perm Krai.
Corydoras in the wild feed on small aquatic invertebrates, like worms, crustaceans, and insect larvae.
As of 1922 she was already ten times Dutch national champion.
After 1922, she became again national champion in 1923, 1926, 1927, 1933 and 1934.
She was named the best Dutch center forward.
She had an “unstoppable shot at goal.
Leningrad Oblast is around the Gulf of Finland and south of two great freshwater lakes.
These are Lake Ladoga and Lake Onega.
The oblast includes the Karelian Isthmus and some islands, including Gogland in the Gulf of Finland and Konevets in Lake Ladoga.
Most of the present-day territory of Leningrad Oblast was taken by Sweden with the Treaty of Stolbovo in 1617.
During the Great Northern War (1700-1721) the territory of what is now Leningrad Oblast was conquered by Russia under Peter the Great.
He founded Saint Petersburg in 1703, which later became the capital of the Russian Empire.
Novgorod Oblast borders Leningrad Oblast in the north and in the northwest, Vologda Oblast in the east, Tver Oblast in the southeast and in the south, and Pskov Oblast in the southwest.
In the center of the oblast is Lake Ilmen.
Lake Ilmen is one of the largest lakes in Central Russia.
The major tributaries of Lake Ilmen are the Msta, the Lovat, the Pola, the Polist, and the Shelon.
The only outflow of the lake is the Volkhov, a major tributary of Lake Ladoga.
Towards the end of the 15th century, Novgorod was defeated by the army of Ivan III, the prince of Moscow.
It was included into the Grand Duchy of Moscow.
In 1560, Ivan the Terrible, fearing treason, sent his army to sack the city.
This event was known as the Massacre of Novgorod.
It had terrible consequences for the city, which lost the majority of its population and never recovered.
Additionally, Novgorod was looted by the Swedish army in the beginning of the 17th century, during the Time of Troubles.
Before the 19th century, the areas around Novgorod were much better developed than the areas which are currently in the center and the east of the oblast.
In 1851, Moscow – Saint Petersburg Railway opened.
It was the first long-distance railway in Russia.
It went around Novgorod as it was built on a straight line between Moscow and Saint Petersburg.
The railway construction lead to the development of the nearby areas and eventually to creation of new towns such as Malaya Vishera, Okulovka, and Chudovo.
The character was created by writer Gerry Conway and artists John Romita Sr.
and Ross Andru.
The Punisher made his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man #129 (cover-dated February 1974).
He was first depicted as an assassin and adversary of the superhero Spider-Man.
On 19 January 2010, the new North Caucasian Federal District split from the Southern Federal District.
In March 2014, after the annexation of Crimea, the Crimean Federal District was created.
However, most countries say that this annexation was illegal.
On 28 July 2016 the Crimean Federal District was removed and put into the Southern Federal District to improve the governing of the region.
Kefee Obareki Don Momoh (5 February 1980 - 12 June 2014), commonly referred to as Kefee was a female gospel musician in Nigeria.
Kefee graduated from University of Benin with a degree in Business Administration.
Growing up as teen, she actively engaged herself with church activities especially singing in the choir.
The Branama album brought her into the spot light as a fulfilled Gospel artist with sales both national and international.
Branama sold nine thousand cassettes in three weeks and over two million CD/VCDs in a month.
It served as a starting part to her successful career as Nigerian Gospel artist.
The late singer's best known hits are Branama and Kokoroko.
Also on July 11, 2014, a Nigerian religious figure Isaiah Ogedegbe wrote one poem about Kefee to praise her life.
Amiot translated Chinese literature to French.
He translated The Art of War in 1772, which made the work known in the Western world.
Dara Huang (born 1982/1983) is a Taiwanese-American architect.
In 2013, she founded the architectural design firm Design Haus Liberty.
She is the co-founder of Vivahouse, a company that converts abandoned commercial properties into shared living.
Dennis Walaker (January 10, 1941 – December 2, 2014) was an American politician.
Omololu-Olunloyo has been a guest talking about terrorism and health topics on CBC News, Ruptly, CTV News, BBC and Nigerian Television Authority.
She also worked as a music journalist with the Nigerian Tribune.
Sensei John Kreese is a karate teacher at a dojo called Cobra Kai and was trained in martial arts when he was a soldier in the Vietnam War.
Kreese tells his students to hate mercy.
He also tells them to start cheating in the karate tournament at the end of the movie.
In The Karate Kid Part III, Kreese goes to his friend Terry Silver to come up with a plan to get revenge against Daniel LaRusso and Mister Miyagi.
The Chilean recluse spider, Loxosceles laeta, is a highly venomous spider of the family Sicariidae.
It usually hides in cracks and corners that are difficult to access, hence its name.
It is considered the most dangerous of the spiders of the genus Loxosceles, since its bite frequently produces severe systemic reactions and even death.
The Sicarius spider is related to this spider and is therefore also considered dangerous.
The Dutch Loes Brandt lost her heat from the French Harflinger and B.
Petit.
The British Doris Hart was the fastest during the heats with a time of 3:39.
Other swimmers who continued to the final included Belgian Elisa van den Bogaert the Swedish Hjördis Töpel and at least one French woman of heat 3.
The nearby countries Germany, Sweden and Denmark have each investigated the sabotage.
they have not publicly accused anyone of doing it.
Stoker tried to do what she could to help Ireland overthrow its feudal past.
She remembered the poor of Sligo, and the famines in Ireland where people did not have enough to eat and had to go to another country.
In May 1863 she said at the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society in Ireland that there should be special schools for those who could not hear and speak.
He started playing football with SC St.
Margarethen-Raab (Burgenland).
He started his professional career with Grazer AK.
In Austria he played also for SV Austria Salzburg, FC Tirol Innsbruck und FC Pasching.
2003-04 he played for FC Schalke 04 in the German Bundesliga.
2004 he came back to Austria and played for SV Pasching.
2009 he ended his career.
A week before the departure to Monte Carlo, midfielder Job van Laar had to withdrew due to family circumstances.
Annie Treffers switched from attacker to midfielder and Beisenherz became attacker.
It was stated that her speed will be an improvement for the team.
B.
Duykers became the new reserve player, but would't play.
About the complete team was stated that it was a good team cohesion, but that it was not the best team that could have been sent to Monaco.
A team of four swimmers of the London Ladies Club competed against four women of ADZ.
The British team won in a time of 2:24.8, ten seconds ahead of the Dutch team.
Ahead of the water polo match, an “extra event was held: the 20 metre freestyle.
Four women from different cities competed against each other: London, The Hague, Rotterdam and Amsterdam.
The British D.
Anderson competed against the Dutch Van Laar, Schnwiert and Van Kappen.
Anderson won in a time of 17.3, ahead of Van Laar.
John Derbyshire also known as Derb is an American libertarian paleoconservative or paleolibertarian.
In his speech, Secretary-General Guterres said that we are fast-approaching the mid-point of the time to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals, but the progress is in peril.
We must and can do better.
Discussions through the GDI can help move the needle on development progress across all countries.
For people, for planet, and for our common future, it’s time to rescue the SDGs.
The following Conservative MP explored a possible candidacy but declined to stand.
The water polo competition was an halbspiel water polo competition, a variant with five players in stead of seven players.
Odd Olai Aalen (born 6 May 1947 in Oslo) is a Norwegian statistician.
He is internationally known for his research on progression and survival analysis.
Speea is a genus of plants in the family Amaryllidaceae.
It is closely related to Miersia.
Cynthia Morris Sherman (born January 19, 1954) is an American artist and photographer.
Her work is mainly about photographic self-portraits.
Her first famous work is often said to be the collected Untitled Film Stills.
The Untitled Film Stills is a series of 70 black-and-white photographs of herself doing typical women roles in performance media.
In the 1980s, she used color film and large prints.
She focused more on costume, lighting and facial expression.
According to Recording Industry Association of America, they have sold 74.5 million digital singles and 12 million albums in the US.
Imagine Dragons has sold 46 million albums and 55 million singles worldwide.
This includes 74 billion global career streams, making them among the best-selling rock bands in history.
Billboard named them as the 29th Greatest Adult Alternative artist of all time, as well as the 13th Top Artist of 2010s in the United States.
A music video for the song was released on August 24, 2018.
It shows frontman Dan Reynolds as the owner of a spooky house including shots of a woman in a bathtub, the same woman being chased by other inhabitants of the house and a very tall man that looks like Slenderman, a supposed funeral for the woman, Wayne Sermon, Ben McKee and Daniel Platzman fading into dust, Reynolds digging a grave and burying the woman alive, and other shots of the house and its inhabitants, along with a clip of a lion mauling a zebra.
The first Faculties were Law and Industrial and Agricultural Chemistry.
Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend is a 1973 Hong Kong documentary, produced by Raymond Chow (Golden Harvest) and Linda Lee Cadwell (Concorn Productions Ltd).
starring Bruce Lee (archive footage).
A follow-up/reworking of this documentary was released in 1984 under the title Bruce Lee - The Legend.
Cyprus is divided into six districts (; ).
Their capitals share the same name.
The districts are subdivided into municipalities and communities.
The districts of Cyprus are listed in the table below.
Its proposed 4 km height, 6 km wide sea-base, and 800 floors capacity that could fit 500,000 to 1,000,000 people.
This structure would have been made using 3 billion kilograms of steel.
Marina Silva, a Senator from the northwestern state of Acre and former Minister of the Environment under Lula, left the PT to run for president as a member of the Green Party.
Silva, became popular with younger voters and won almost 20% of the vote in the first round.
Fluoroantimonic acid is a mixture of hydrogen fluoride and Antimony pentafluoride.
She met Ramiro Tagliaferro, a classmate at the university, and they married in 1998; the couple has a son and two daughters.
He completed his university studies at the National University de Jujuy (UNJu).
This is where he graduated as a public accountant in the early 1980s.
He also worked as a teacher at there.
During this period, which saw the recovery and start of democracy in Argentina in 1983, he began his political militancy within the Purple Strip, a university group linked to the Radical Civic Union (UCR), a ruling party at the national level with Raúl Alfonsín.
as president.
Ekrejegbe is a village in Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria, having boundaries with Ekakpamre.
The people are mostly Christian and traditional worshippers.
She is part of FOPEA (Argentine Journalism Forum), a media group.
NOTE: Actors highlighted in pink were original cast members.
Note: Actors highlighted in yellow were kept in the series when switching from Seven Network to Network Ten.
Boreoeutheria are mammals that are the third superorder of placental mammals.
Six divers from four nations entered for the 3 metre springboard event.
The Margburg virus disease (MVD) is a highly contagious disease were located in Ashanti region on July 2022, It has 24-90% tally disease, The first case was found in year 1967 and it was detected in Germany and Yugoslavia and also were have been cases reported in Sub-Sahara in Africa.
Ayodele Joseph Oritsegbubemi Oritsejafor, known as Papa Ayo Oritsejafor, is the founding and Senior pastor of Word of Life Bible Church, located in Warri, Nigeria.
He became the national president of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) on 7 February 2005, a position he held for five years.
In July 2010, Oritsejafor was elected president of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), the umbrella body of all Christians in the country.
In doing so he became the first Pentecostal leader to hold the position.
Oritsejafor was the first to launch a Miracle crusade from Africa to a world audience through satellite in 1987 with evangelist Joe Martins.
His mother is a committed member of the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC).
Oritsejafor is a promoter of leadership by example.
This is evident in the role he played in bringing the crisis in Niger Delta area of Nigeria to an end.
Oritsejafor sees himself as a servant of God and an instrument through which God ministers to the spiritual and physical needs of people.
He places emphasis on salvation, repentance, holiness, deliverance and empowerment of the less privileged, through social responsibility programmes.
Over the years, he has condemned wastefulness and encouraged giving back to the society, regardless of religion or race.
Aldein () is a comune in South Tyrol in north Italy.
It is about south of the city of Bolzano.
The Public Security Intelligence Agency (公安調査庁, kōanchōsa-chō) is the national intelligence agency of Japan.
It is administered by the Ministry of Justice in the government of Japan.
Duellmanohyla are small frogs.
Their eyes are bright red, bronze, or yellow.
Their stomachs are pale green, olive, red-brown, or patterned like lichen: green spots on black.
Some of these frogs have stripes on their mouths and the sides of the bodies.
Some of them have webbed feet and some do not.
Lucca Comics & Games is an annual comic book and gaming convention in Lucca, Italy.
It usually happens at the end of October.
Chain Reaction is a 1985 song by Diana Ross and is the second single from her 16th studio album Eaten Alive.
It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Australia and Ireland and also went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in New Zealand, number 4 in South Africa, number 11 in Germany, number 15 in Finland and number 20 in France and Switzerland.
It charted poorly in the United States and Canada.
It would be much easier if the formula gives a number instead of checking if the number is an integer, and we can do this with the formula_9 part.
By flooring this, the only results are formula_6 when formula_2 is an integer and formula_21 when it isn't, leavingformula_9.
The formula_28 in short will give formula_6 if formula_30 and formula_21 when formula_32.
formula_45 gives the number formula_15, and the formula_15 is because when formula_48 formula_39 reaches formula_50 formula_39, the function doesn't add 1.
The formula adds up to formula_52 is because Bertrand's postulate says formula_52 is bigger than the nth prime number.
In 2006, a far infrared bow shock was detected near the AGB star, R Hydrae.
Six divers from four nations entered for the 5 metre platform.
This were the same six entrants as for the 3 metre springboard event.
The Wiener Bewegungsspieler was a association football club from Austrias capital Vienna.
In his most successful time between 1911 and 1928 they played 12 seasons in the second division.
Robert Cimera (17 September 1887 in Vienna; † unknown) was an Austrian football player.
He played as midfielder, later as defender.
With the Austrian national football team he took part in the Olympic Games in Stockholm in 1912.
High levels of evaporation have left behind natron (sodium carbonate decahydrate) and trona (sodium sesquicarbonate dihydrate).
The alkalinity of the lake can reach a pH of greater than 12.
The surrounding bedrock is made of alkaline, sodium-dominated trachyte lavas that were laid down during the Pleistocene period.
The lavas have significant amounts of carbonate but very low calcium and magnesium levels.
This has allowed the lake to concentrate into a caustic alkaline brine.
It threw more than 7 km of volcanic rock into the atmosphere.
This would have caused a volcanic winter, cooling temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere for many years afterwards.
In the later books of the Tanakh, a man named Zerubabel, who is a descendant of Judah is important in rebuilding the Temple of Jerusalem.
Cole was born at a United States Army base in Frankfurt, West Germany.
His father is an African American who served in the United States Army.
Cole's mother is white.
Eight months later, Cole moved to Fayetteville, North Carolina, where he was raised by his mother, aunt and cousin.
His father left the family when Cole was still young.
Cole began gaining popularity after his first mixtape, The Come Up, was released in 2007.
In 2009, he was signed to Jay-Z's record label Roc Nation.
Cole released two additional mixtapes, The Warm Up in 2009 and Friday Night Lights in 2010.
His fourth album, 4 Your Eyez Only (2016), peaked at number one on the Billboard 200.
Cole's other albums, KOD (2018) and The Off-Season (2021), also topped the Billboard 200.
Altogether, Cole has earned six number-one album on the Billboard 200.
As a producer, he has worked with famous musicians such as Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson.
Megadeth is an American thrash metal band.
It was made by Dave Mustaine and David Ellefson in 1983.
In 1985, Megadeth made its first album, named Killing is My Business...
and Business is Good!.
The Combat Records record label released the album.
After the album came out, larger record labels noticed Megadeth, and the band joined Capitol Records.
Their first album with Capitol Records, Peace Sells...
but Who's Buying?, was released in 1986.
Some Megadeth band members were addicted to drugs, so they got a lot of bad publicity during the 1980s.
Still, the band released many popular albums, such as So Far, So Good...
So What!
in 1988, Rust in Peace in 1990, and Countdown to Extinction in 1992.
The band took a break in 2002, but came back together later.
They have released six albums since then.
The cephalosporins (sg.
are a group of antibiotics similar to penicillin that was originally made from the fungus Acremonium, which was previously known as Cephalosporium.
The Soviet Navy made up a large part of the Soviet Union's strategic planning if a war were to every start with the opposing superpower, the United States, during the Cold War period between the two countries.
The Soviet Navy played a large role during the Cold War (1945-1991).
It confronted the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation in Western Europe and helped to keep the Soviet sphere of influence in eastern Europe.
The Soviet Navy was divided into four major fleets: the Northern, Pacific, Black Sea, and Baltic Fleets.
It also had a smaller force, the Caspian Flotilla, which worked in the Caspian Sea and was followed by a larger fleet, the 5th Squadron, in the Middle East.
The Soviet Navy included Naval Aviation, Naval Infantry, and the Coastal Artillery.
Karl Kanhäuser (18 July 1900 – 31 December 1945) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as forward for Wiener Sport-Club and in the national teams of Austria and Czechoslovakia.
If at least one of the conditions is not met, the problem is called ill-posed.
Jacques Hadamard (1865-1963), a French mathematician, first studied these problems.
He believed that mathematical models of physical phenomena should have the properties listed above.
Theodor Brinek (8 August 1898 – 25 July 1974) was an Austrian footballer and football manager.
He played for SC Wacker Wien and in 1927 in one match for the Austria national football team.
Dominic Hassler (born March 30, 1981 in Lienz) is a former Austrian football player at the position of a striker.
Evelein was the national record holder in the 200 metres freestyle.
Her record was beaten by Maria Vierdag in June 1922.
Triebels-Koen was not only interested in the competitive side of swimming, but also in safety.
In that era, many Dutch people could not swim and women could not swim at all.
In 1889, the Hollandsche Dames Zwemclub started promoting swimming by offering free lessons to (underprivileged) women and girls.
In the 1930s her swimming lessons became known undr the slogan Elke Nederlander Zwemmer (translated: Every Dutch swimmer).
In July 1914 Anna Helweg saved a 21-year old maid from drowning in the in Gorredijk, while male bystanders who couldn't swim did't dare to jump into the water.
Vermaat was born in Maasland as the eighth and last child of a tailor.
His father started working at the Defense clothing depot, which is located in Woerden Castle.
When he is three months old, the family starting living at the Kruittorenweg in Woerden.
Initially he went to the Wilhelmina School, and later to the Emma School.
Especially at the Emma school he started to express his sense of art.
After primary school, Vermaat followed an evening study at the Academy of Fine Arts in Utrecht, a training institute that was called at the time.
During his studies he worked for the Utrecht University, where he made technical drawings of archaeological history.
In 1983 a base was added to the sculpture.
On the base there is text.
This written text includes the name of Seyrani, the birth and death date of Seyrani, and some words from the poems of Seyrani.
Woody encroachment can have negative effects on the variety of plants and animals in that area (biodiversity).
In Africa, the number of different plants and animals usually decreases when woody encroachment happens.
In North America, the number of different plants and animals may increase or decrease depending on the area.
In Brazil, one third of the different plant species are lost because of woody encroachment.
At the beginning of the race Truus Klapwijk (backstroke) was leading the race.
The second swimmer of the Netherlands Loes Brandt (breaststroke) was not as fast as the French swimmer and so the France was leading the race.
With a lot of effort the later Dutch women Annie Treffers (sidestroke) and Rie Beisenherz (freestyle) were not able to close the gap.
The French team won in a time of 2:56, 3 seconds ahead of the Netherlands.
Belgium finished third and Sweden and Great Britain finished fourth and fifth.
In September 1922 she went to international swimming competitions in Mönchengladbach, where she won the diving event.
Marcelo Alberto Bonelli (Born, October 8, 1955) is an Argentine political and economics journalist.
Lauda Air Luftfahrt GmbH, branded as Lauda Air was an Austrian airline headquartered in Vienna, Austria.
It operated scheduled leisure flights and charter flights to vacation destinations in Europe, North America, the Caribbean and Southeast Asia.
István Bubik [ˈiʃtvaːn ˈbubik] (* 19 May 1958 in Budapest; † 28 November 2004 in Ceglédbercel) was a Hungarian actor.
Then in 1999 he directed the film Ein Hauch von Sonnenschein (Director: István Szabó).
Sein letzter Film war 2003 der Film St.
Ivan's Day.
All of these challenges have to be solved, made to work in a singular vehicle with little to no expenditure of hardware, and with some breathing room left over for the weight of the craft's payload.
Doing so is a hard challenge.
Scientists have been finding solutions for decades.
Alphard (designated Alpha Hydrae), is the brightest star in the constellation of Hydra.
It is a single giant star, but is cooler than the Sun and larger and more luminous.
The star is about 177 light years away from us.
All the words that consisted of the presented consonants were affected by Grimm's law.
Some words may have only undergone one or two of the changes, while others may have undergone all of them.
FK Austria Wien:Szabolcs Sáfár – Rabiu Afolabi, Fernando Troyansky, Saša Papac, Ernst Dospel, Libor Sionko, Jocelyn Blanchard, Didier Dheedene, Sebastian Mila (56.
Richard Kitzbichler), Ivica Vastić (83.
Radosław Gilewicz), Sigurd Rushfeldt (89.
Radosław Gilewicz).
SK Rapid Wien:Helge Payer – Ferdinand Feldhofer, György Garics (70.
Axel Lawarée), Thomas Burgstaller (62.
Andreas Dober), Markus Hiden (46.
Jiři Lenko), György Korsos, Andreas Ivanschitz, Steffen Hofmann, Sebastián Martínez, Florian Sturm, Marek Kincl.
Jocelyn Blanchard (born 28 May 1972 in Béthune/Pas-de-Calais) is a former French footballer who played as midfielder.
Blanchard then moved to SK Austria Kärnten for the 2009/10 season.
In the championship game on February 20, 2010 against his ex-club Austria Wien, he fractured his ankle.
At the end of the season, Blanchard left the club, which filed for bankruptcy on June 14, 2010.
Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria (19 March 1751 – 15 October 1767) was an Archduchess of Austria as the daughter of Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor and Maria Theresa of Austria.
She died due to smallpox at the age of 16.
23 games were available.
13 games were available.
The work of Boccioni's Portrait of the Mother is linked to the painting Materia (1912) and Horizontal Volumes (1911-1912).
Lambda Velorum designated, λ Velorum, officially named Suhail, is a star in the southern constellation of Vela.
With a mean apparent visual magnitude of 2.21, this is the third-brightest star in the constellation of Vela and one of the brighter stars in the sky.
The distance to this star can be measured directly using the parallax technique, yielding an estimated 545 light years from the Sun.
In the First Naktong Bulge, the 1st PMB had to help stop a stalemate between the 24th Infantry Division and the North Korean 4th Infantry Division because the Americans kept shooting.
They started on midnight of August 6th.
The North Korean 4th Division had started to move across the Naktong River at the Ohang ferry site.
They used their heads and rafts to carry their weapons.
At 2 AM on August 6th, the 4th Division started fighting the 3rd Battalion of the 34th Infantry Regiment.
The 3rd Battalion had to retreat, and the North Koreans moved forward and tried to take down Yongsan.
The first Ruzhany Palace was built by Lew Sapieha in 1602.
The palace was destroyed during the civil war in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1700.
The Sapieha estates were nationalized after the November Uprising by the Polish against the Russian Empire in 1831.
In 1834, the palace was sold to be used as a textile mill and weaving factory.
1 season consists of 39 episodes.
The Voith-Platz was a football venue in St.
Pölten, the capital city of Lower Austria.
It was approved for 8,000 spectators.
It was the homeground of different clubs from St.
Pölten.
The name was derived from the Voith company that owned the property.
The Christian Saint Timothy (ancient Greek Τῑμόθεος, Tīmotheos, Latin Tīmotheus) was a student of the Paul the Apostle of Tarsus.
He was born as the son of a Greek Father and a Jewess Mother in Lystra near Konya in Asia Minor (modern day Turkey) and died around AD.
97 in Ephesus.
Paul circumcised Timothy as an young Adult, because of his Jewish maternal Background, so he got a Brit milah.
HAC-Nordstern was an Austrian football club from the Vienna district of Hietzing, which played at its most successful time from 1935 to 1937 in the second division.
The city is dominated by the Niagara Falls.
It brings hundreds of thousands of tourists to the city along with other attractions like Casino Niagara.
It enables its users to upload, promote, and share audio, as well as a DSP enabling listeners to stream audio.
Started in 2007 by Alexander Ljung and Eric Wahlforss, SoundCloud has grown to be one of the largest music streaming services.
SoundCloud offers both free and paid membership on the platform.
It is available for desktop and mobile devices.
Johann Hans Klima (11 February 1900 – 31 December 1945) was an Austrian international footballer.
He played for Admira Wien, Olympique Antibes and FC Antibes and the Austria national football team.
Sometimes he played together with his younger brother Karl.
For distinction he was also called Klima I.
Jenö Konrad (13 August 1894 – 15 July 1978) was a Hungarian footballer and manager.
In the 1910s he played on the Hungarian National team with his brother, Kalman Konrad.
He is best known for his career as a football manager.
He managed SC Wacker Wien, Chinezul Timişoara, Wiener AC, Hakoah Vienna, 1.
FC Nürnberg, Ripensia Timişoara, 1.
FC Brno, FK Austria Wien, US Triestina, and Olympique Lillois.
Ministry of Sound is a British record label.
It started out as a nightclub in London, but has since diversified into a multimedia entertainment business.
In addition to the nightclub, it is an independent record label and worldwide events brand with a radio station and other media outlets.
Moombahton (, ) is a fusion genre.
It mixes house music, african music and reggaeton.
Viktor Hierländer (7 June 1900 – 20 January 1982) was an Austrian football player and manager.
James Jimmy Hogan (16 October 1882 – 30 January 1974) was an English football player and coach.
He was a notable footballer but his legacy is that he was a pioneer of the game and an innovative coach for teams and national teams across Europe.
Hogan retired, aged 77, in November 1959, but continued to scout for both Villa and Burnley.
Hogan died in 1974 whilst living with his sister's daughter Margaret Melia on Brunshaw Avenue, Burnley.
On October 13, 2013, it is produced by Nerd Corps Entertainment, but it is released on August 4, 2014 in the North America.
Golden Harvest (嘉禾娛樂公司) is a film producer and distributor based in Hong Kong.
It was the first Chinese film company to be fully successful in the Western market as well.
Golden Harvest ceased film production in 2003.
Among the more famous names of the company are that of the old producer Raymond Chow and that of Leonard Ho Koon Cheung.
Chow and Ho were executives in partnership with another major firm, Shaw Brothers, which ended in 1970.
Golden Harvest was successful due to a different organizational approach than Shaw Brothers' centralized model.
Golden Harvest contracted with independent producers and bought various talents and creative freedom for their money.
In 1971, he struck a deal with martial arts superstar Bruce Lee , turning down Shaws' offer for low pay.
In 1972, he entered into a deal with Concord Production Inc.
and in 1973 entered into a pioneering co-distribuction with Hollywood for the English-language film Enter the Dragon, a worldwide hit co-produced by Warner Bros.
with Concord Production Inc.
Golden Harvest replaced Shaw Brothers as the top production house in Hong Kong from the late 1970s to the 1990s .
Since 1980, he has produced almost all of Jackie Chan 's films , box office stars in Asia.
Golden Harvest has also produced a number of films for Jet Li and Donnie Yen.
The company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1994.
Li Ka-shing and EMI became shareholders of the company in 2004 .
Lars Søndergaard (* April 5 1959 in Aalborg) is a Danish football coach and former football player.
This is a complete list of the surviving species.
Partula crassilabris is an extinct species of Partula.
I'm coming, coming very soon, o beautious isle, to thee.
My heart enshrines thee yet.
In 1928 she became champion of Paris in the 400 metre freestyle event (in a time of 7:56.2) on and won the silver medal in the 200 metre breaststroke event (in a time of 3:53).
She finished later in July third in a national competition in the 200 metre breaststroke* event in a time of 3:51.
In August she competed in the , an open water race in Paris.
Gregory Allen Kurstin (born May 14, 1969) is an American songwriter, producer, performer, keyboardist and multi-instrumentalist.
MetroLyrics is a lyrics-dedicated website.
It was founded in 2002.
The database has over a million songs.
These were created by more than 16,000 artists.
Danny O'Donoghue (born 3 October 1980) is an Irish singer/songwriter.
He is best known for being the frontman of the Irish alternative rock band The Script.
He was also a coach on the TV singing talent show The Voice UK.
The company's head office is in Berlin.
It has regional offices for North America, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Benelux, France, Italy, and Spain.
In the reign of Ordoño I of Asturias (850–866), the kingdom began to be known as that of León.
In 910, an independent Kingdom of León was founded when the king of Asturias divided his territory amongst his three sons.
The follow dynasts are descendants, in the male line, of Urraca's husband, Raymond of Burgundy.
Henry II was the illegitimate son of Alfonso XI.
He was made duke of Trastámara.
She started swimming in 1927 after her mother found out about the collective lessons of Mouettes de Paris.
In July 1929 she obtained her school swimming certificate.
When she was thirteen years old she swam every day in the summer and three times per week in the winter in the Lutetia swimming pool.
In addition to swimming she also did stretching exercises, cycling and skiing.
She had classical opera dance classes by professor Paul Raymond.
In 1939 she won the 4 x 100 metres relay with her team.
She finished third in the 400 metre freestyle.
In early 1941, she had measles.
On 1 June at Pentecost, she fell off her bicycle and seriously injured her knee.
At the 1941 national swimming championships in September she became for the first time national champion.
She won the 100 metre freestyle in a time of 1:14 and also the 400 metre freestyle in a time of 5:55.4.
On 6 October she broke the French 200m freestyle record with a time of 2:39.5 she swam in Marseille.
Today the carol is represented almost by the Christmas carol, the Advent carol, and to a much lesser extent by the Easter carol, however despite their present association with religion, this has not always been the case.
Experimental rock (or avant-rock) is a subgenre of rock music.
It pushes the boundaries of common composition and performance technique or which experiments with the basic elements of the genre.
Artists aim to liberate and innovate, with some of the genre's distinguishing characteristics being improvisational performances, avant-garde influences, odd instrumentation, opaque lyrics (or instrumentals), unorthodox structures and rhythms, and an underlying rejection of commercial aspirations.
Moroder is often credited with pioneering synth/disco and electronic dance music.
Woo Baby featuring Chris Brown was also sent to the American rhythmic contemporary radio as the album's third single on July 22, 2021.
The song peaked at number 64 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number four on the Billboard airplay Rhythmic chart.
Cheiron Studios was a recording studio.
It was located at Kungsholmen, Stockholm, Sweden.
It was founded in 1992 by Denniz PoP and Tom Talomaa.
During 8 years in the business they reinvented the sound of late-'90s pop and teen-pop.
They also introduced the modern Swedish role as producer.
Cheiron was the new name of SweMix Records & Publishing.
That was after the centaur Chiron (Hand) of the Greek Mythology.
The company was divided, apart from being a recording studio, into the label Cheiron Records, in affiliation with BMG, and the music publishing service Cheiron Songs.
The Cheiron Productions worked as the now legendary music production company signed by various labels to write and produce materials for other artists.
Famous artists like 5ive, Ace of Base, Backstreet Boys, Bon Jovi, Boyzone, Britney Spears, Bryan Adams, Celine Dion, Dede, Dr.
Alban, E-Type, Gary Barlow, Jessica Folcker, Leila K, LFO, M2M, Meja, Michael Learns to Rock, 'N Sync, Rednex, Robyn, Solid Harmonie, Tina Turner and Westlife has recorded hits at the studio or had their songs written, composed and produced by the stab at Cheiron.
Me Against The Music is a 2003 single.
It is by pop music singer Britney Spears.
It is also the first one from the album In the Zone in October 2003.
It features American singer and entertainer Madonna.
Me Against The Music is different from any previous singles released by Spears in a number of ways.
For one, this became her first to have co-writing and co-producing credits from herself (along with many others, inlcuding Madonna whom is also featured on vocals for the song).
Secondly, this is truly her first single away from the bubble-gum pop and security of producer Max Martin; It is even more independent than her previous tracks produced by The Neptunes in that this song takes in multiple talents and collaborations, and not just those of a single team.
It is also distributed by Warner Bros.
Records.
Largely divorced from the traditional blues and rock and roll influences of British and American rock music until that time, the period contributed to the evolution of electronic music and ambient music as well as the birth of post-punk, alternative rock and New Age music.
Key artists associated with the tag include Can, Amon Düül II, Ash Ra Tempel, Faust, Popol Vuh, Cluster, Tangerine Dream, Klaus Schulze, Neu!, and Kraftwerk.
24K Magic (written as XXIVK Magic) is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars.
It was released by Atlantic Records on November 18, 2016.
Black barbers started the word fade for this hairstyle in the 1980s.
Sammie Okposo (30 May 1971 - 25 November 2022) was a Nigerian gospel singer who was known all over the world and won many awards.
Jose Garcia Villa (5 August 1908 – 7 February 1997) was a Filipino poet and writer.
He is known for his pen name Doveglion (a combination of the words dove, eagle, and lion).
Wim F.
Cornelis (1 March 1938—27 November 2022) was a Dutch field hockey director and of the Dutch Olympic Team at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
He is the producer of the The Super Mario Bros.
Movie.
Etawah is a city in Uttar Pradesh, India.
It is believed that the area near Etawah existed right from the Bronze Age in the medieval era.
On November 8, 2022, he defeated former Florida governor and Democratic candidate Charlie Crist to a second term.
DeSantis also won the election in a landslide by a wide margin.
Cash Money Records is an American record label.
It was founded by brothers Bryan Birdman Williams and Ronald Slim Williams.
They currently act as CEOs.
Today, it operates as a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
It is also distributed by Republic Records, formerly Universal Republic.
The label currently includes artists like Lil Wayne, Drake, Tyga, Nicki Minaj, Ace Hood, DJ Khaled, Kevin Rudolf and Limp Bizkit, and more.
At present it holds three colleges, three Boys' high schools, two girls' schools, an Alia Madrasa and a number of government and non government primary schools.
Upon release Anaconda was met with generally good reviews from music critics, who praised the song's production and Minaj's return to her hip hop roots.
Commercially, the song was an international success.
It peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100.
It became Minaj's highest charting single in the United States to date.
It went on to spend eight weeks in the top ten of the Hot 100 chart.
The song also fared good in other countries, peaking within the top ten in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
As of November 2014, the company has 88 employees in the areas of music publishing, management, merchandising and four office buildings.
The business also oversees numerous imprints, like Valory Music, that are under Big Machine Label Group.
The album features guest appearances by Fitz and The Tantrums, Eddie Van Halen, Snoop Dogg, Fatman Scoop, Seal, Charlie Wilson, Melody Thornton, Earth, Wind & Fire, Bootsy Collins, Travis Barker, Chuck D, Tom Morello, Z-Trip, Mickey Shiloh, Monica and Brad Paisley.
Blame It on the Boogie is a disco song.
It was originally released in 1978 both by English singer-songwriter Mick Jackson and (in its most famous version) by The Jacksons (no relation).
It was later also covered by many other artists.
Philips Records is a record label.
It was founded by the Dutch electronics company Philips.
It was started by Philips Phonographische Industrie (PPI) in 1950.
Recordings were made with popular artists of various nationalities and also with classical artists from Germany, France and the Netherlands.
Philips also distributed recordings made by the American Columbia Records on the European continent.
After the split of English Columbia and American Columbia in late 1954, Philips also began distributing original Columbia recordings on the Philips label in the UK.
A Single Man is an album.
It is by British singer-songwriter Elton John.
It was released in 1978.
Unlike previous compositions where the lyrics came first, John began writing melodies at a piano and it unintentionally became an album.
The songs Return To Paradise and Song For Guy are used in the 1980 film Oh!Heavenly Dog.
He is also known for the role of Radames in Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida and for playing the Emcee from the 1998 Cabaret revival.
He most recently appeared as Huey Calhoun in the Broadway Company of Memphis.
Mimosa is the second brightest object in the southern constellation of Crux after Acrux, and the 21st brightest star in the night sky.
It has the Bayer designation β Crucis, which is Beta Crucis in Latin.
Its name when shortened is Beta Cru or β Cru.
Mimosa is part of the prominent asterism called the Southern Cross.
It is a binary star or a possible triple star system.
It is also one of the closest stars with a infrared bow shock.
Erich Habitzl (9 October 1923 in Vienna – 26 September 2007 in Vienna) was an Austrian footballer.
He played mainly for SK Admira Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He took part in the 1948 Olympic Games in London.
Create Music Group is an American record label and distribution company.
It was founded in 2015 by Jonathan Strauss and Alexandre Williams.
It is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.
Create Music Group was founded in 2015 by CEO Jonathan Strauss and COO Alexandre Williams.
Strauss invested $1 million in the company, and later raised a seed round of $2.25 million in exchange for a minority stake.
The company began by collecting unclaimed revenue for EDM artists on YouTube.
As of January 2019, Create Music Group monetizes approximately 9 billion streams per month.
In 2018, Create Music Group announced the launch of its music publishing division signed by 6ix9ine.
Child Rebel Soldier, abbreviated CRS, was a hip hop supergroup consisting of hip hop artists and record producers Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, and Pharrell Williams.
GOOD (Getting Out Our Dreams) Music is an American record label founded by hip hop artist and record producer Kanye West in 2004.
The label includes West, Big Sean, Pusha T, Teyana Taylor, Mos Def, D'banj and John Legend.
The label is also home to a roster of producers, including Hudson Mohawke, Q-Tip, Travi$ Scott, No I.D., Jeff Bhasker and S1.
The label has released seven albums certified gold or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
In 2009, the award ceremony was held in Glasgow for the first time.
Before that, it had been held in London.
In 2011, the ceremony returned to Scotland for a second time.
A Woman's Worth is a single from R&B/soul musician Alicia Keys's debut album, Songs in A Minor.
Released in late 2001, the track peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, also reaching number 18 in the UK and number 16 in Australia.
At the 2002 Grammy Awards ceremony, Keys performed both Fallin' and a tango-influenced version of A Woman's Worth.
Keys took five Grammy Awards that night.
The music video for the single, directed by Chris Robinson, was a BET and MTV2 staple in 2002.
Unlike many other contemporary R&B videos, the video for A Woman's Worth's video was a low-key clip with no dance.
It was nominated for Best R&B Video and Best Cinematography at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards.
The Diary of Alicia Keys is the second studio album from American R&B/soul pianist and singer Alicia Keys.
It was released in late 2003, and went on to win the 2004 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album.
It includes the hit singles You Don't Know My Name (produced by Kanye West, If I Ain't Got You, and Diary (featuring Tony!Toni!Tone)!.
Due to the extreme popularity of her debut album, Songs in A Minor, there was a lot of pressure on the album to match or exceed that success.
Irving Lorenzo (born 26 June 1970), better known by his stage name Irv Gotti, is a prominent hip hop producer and is the head of the successful record label, Murda Inc..
Various popular hip hoppers, such as Ja Rule, Ashanti, Vita, Caddillac Tah, Charli Baltimore, and Bobby Brown are currently part of his label.
He has made cameo appearances in Ashanti's Foolish and Ja Rule's Down 4 U music videos.
On November 16, 2005, US Attorney Sean Haran said in his opening statement in U.S.
District Court that Irving Lorenzo and his brother Christopher used their corporate bank accounts to clean drug money.
According to Haran, convicted drug dealer Kenneth Supreme McGriff, sent shopping bags filled with cash and boxes of shoes to the brand's Manhattan office in 2000.
The company then handled McGriff $280,000 in checks.
Authorities alleged that McGriff was allowed to funnel more than $1 million in drug money through Murder Inc.
in exchange for serving as the label's protector and enforcer.
Prosecutors also claim the Lorenzos knew about an assassination plot against platinum-selling rapper 50 Cent.
Guest appearances on the album include Magoo, Missy Elliott, Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Playa, Skillz, Nas, Jay-Z, Twista, Ludacris and others.
Chopper is a style of hip hop music.
It originated in the Midwest.
It is considered the main contribution to rap music by Midwestern hip hop artists.
The style of rap first gained popularity in the mid-1990s with the emergence of hip hop in the Midwest and the rise of award-winning rap artists such as Cleveland rappers Bone Thugs-n-Harmony and Chicago rapper Twista.
The rap style eventually spread to other regions as well.
In the late 1990s, Tech N9ne, a former underground rap artist, popularized the Chopper style among his strong fan base and in 2011 released a series of collaborative songs with other Chopper artists exclusively in this fast-paced style of rap.
Sabitzer started his career in 2000 with ESV Admira Villach, 2001 he went on to the youth of Grazer AK.
In June 2008 he went to the Austria Wien Academy and for the 2009/10 season to the Academy of FC Admira Wacker.
This is a list of the heads of govt of Turkmenistan since it's establishment in 1937 until the abolition in 1990.
The South American Championship 1957 was a football tournament.
It was held in Peru and won by Argentina with Brazil as runners-up.
Bolivia, and Paraguay withdrew from the tournament.
The music video for Hometown Glory was a live performance video, recorded for the re-release of the single.
The initial limited edition vinyl release of Hometown Glory does not have a promotional video.
In April 2021, former Florida governor Charlie Crist announced his candidacy for governor to a non-consecutive term after he only served one term from 2007 to 2011.
Asylum Records is an American record label, owned by Warner Music Group.
After several incarnations, today it is primarily oriented towards hip-hop, alternative metal and rock.
Asylum was founded in 1971 by David Geffen and his partner Elliot Roberts, who had previously worked an agent at the William Morris Agency and operated a folk/rock label.
They founded their own management company, and when Geffen was unable to secure a recording contract for Jackson Browne, one of his clients at the time, Geffen and Roberts founded Asylum specifically to sign Browne.
Asylum's first releases were distributed by Atlantic Records.
The same year, Asylum signed John David Souther, Judee Sill, Linda Ronstadt, Joni Mitchell and Glenn Frey (who Geffen encouraged to form The Eagles, with Don Henley, Bernie Leadon, and Randy Meisner).
In 1972, then-folk singer-songwriter Tom Waits signed with the label and released his debut, Closing Time, in 1973.
His fifth and final album for the label, Heartattack and Vine, was released in 1980.
Asylum's crowning achievement was to sign Bob Dylan, who had been with Columbia Records since the early 1960s but, after a falling out with the company, was looking for a new label.
Dylan recorded two albums, Planet Waves and the live Before the Flood for Asylum before returning to Columbia.
Columbia reissued Dylan's two Asylum albums in 1981.
In the early 1980s, while still technically billing itself as Elektra/Asylum Records or Elektra/Asylum/Nonesuch Records, Elektra and Asylum began to break up, with the former becoming more dominant and the latter acting more as an extension.
By the middle of the decade, the company was unofficially calling itself Elektra Records, and in 1989 it was renamed Elektra Entertainment.
Meanwhile, Asylum splintered into a subsidiary label and subsequently became less active in its own right.
In 2003, Mike Curb, head of Curb Records, revived Asylum's Nashville division, forming a new label known as Asylum-Curb.
LeAnn Rimes, Clay Walker, Lee Brice, Rio Grand, Hank Williams, Jr.
and Wynonna are among the artists in the Asylum-Curb division.
After being dormant for several years, Asylum Records was revived as an urban music-based label in 2004, independently managed through Warner Music Group.
Some of its releases are distributed in conjunction with Warner Bros.
Records and others through Atlantic Records.
In 2006, WMG switched to Asylum to operate under its newly created Independent Label Group, which also comprises Cordless Recordings and East West Records.
Syama Prasad Mukherjee (6 July 1901 – 23 June 1953) was India's first Minister for Supply and Industry.
His father was a judge and an academic, and Mukherjee followed in his footsteps.
He earned a B.A.
(Hons) in English, an M.A.
in Bengali, and a B.L., all from Calcutta University.
In 1926, he was called to the English Bar, and became a qualified barrister.
Mukherjee resigned from his post in the Bengal coalition government in 1942, after writing to the Governor of the province demanding self-rule for Indians.
Subsequently, he took on an important role in the humanitarian efforts surrounding the Bengal famine.
Post-independence, Mukherjee became a prominent member of the Opposition.
In 1951, he founded the Bharatiya Jana Sangh, which won three seats in the following year’s parliamentary election—the first of its kind in Independent India.
The party’s goals included economic liberalism and decentralisation, equality of all, Hindi as the national language, and the reunification of India.
During his time in Parliament, Mukherjee was a strong opponent of Article 370.
He launched a hunger strike in protest against the Union Government’s policies in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.In 1953, he attempted to illegally visit the state, resulting in his arrest at the border.
Mukherjee died of a heart attack on 23rd June 1953, while in custody of the Jammu & Kashmir police in Srinagar.
Unlike Record of the Year, which goes to the performer and production team of a single song, Song of the Year goes to the song composer(s).
Lillestrøm for the 2011 season, and on 3 July 2011 scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 victory over Viking FK.
On 15 July 2013 Gulbrandsen signed a contract with Molde.
His breakthrough season was in 2014 when he played 29 matches and scored 14 goals in all competitions.
This season Molde reached their first double in club history.
On 23 November 2014, Gulbrandsen opened the scoring for Molde in a 2–0 victory over Odd in the 2014 Norwegian Football Cup Final.
After an injury plagued 2015 season, Gulbrandsen regained his form scoring 4 goals in 9 matches to start the 2016 season, drawing the attention of top European sides.
On 10 March 2017, Gulbrandsen joined Major League Soccer side New York Red Bulls on a one-year loan.
He was released on 6 June 2017.
On 25 June 2019, he has signed three-year contract with Turkish Süper Lig club İstanbul Başakşehir.
He is the son of footballer Tom Gulbrandsen who played for Lillestrøm and SV Ried.
The Interior Plains is a vast physiographic region of central North America spanning the Laurentian craton.
It extends across the east flank of the Rocky Mountains to the gulf coast region to the Arctic Beaufort sea.
The interior plains stretch through the United States to Canada.
Verve Records is an American jazz record label.
It is now owned by Universal Music Group.
It was founded by Norman Granz in 1956, absorbing the catalogues of his previous labels: Norgran Records and Clef Records (founded 1953) and material that had previously been licensed to Mercury previously.
King Animal is the sixth and final studio album by American rock band Soundgarden, released on November 12, 2012 by Seven Four Entertainment and Republic Records.
Produced by both the band and Adam Kasper, the album is the band's first in sixteen years, and the first not to be released on A&M Records since 1988's Ultramega OK.
In the United Kingdom of the Netherlands he was a member of the 1914 Assemblee of notables and served for Limburg as a member of the House of Representatives from 1815 to 1819.
He was a member of the Council of Finance of the Dutch East Indies from 1821 to 1832.
Lodoicea is a genus in the palm family.
The only species, Lodoicea maldivica, lives in the islands of Praslin and Curieuse in the Seychelles.
Coco de mer is another name for the tree.
It has the biggest seed of any plant.
In the past, it was also found on the small islets of St Pierre, Chauve-Souris, and Ile Ronde (Round Island).
These islands are all near Praslin.
Lodoicea became extinct there, and was then brought back.
Autobahn is a German loanword for controlled-access highways.
In English, autobahn means a highway especially in a German-speaking country.
This means Germany and Austria, and usually also Switzerland.
David Ruffin (Davis Eli Ruffin, January 18, 1941 – June 1, 1991) was an American soul singer.
He is famous for his work as the lead singer of The Temptations from 1964 to 1968.
Eddie Kendricks (born Edward James Kendrick, December 17, 1939 – October 5, 1992) was an American singer-songwriter.
Known for his falsetto singing style, Kendricks co-founded the Motown singing group The Temptations.
He was its lead singers from 1960 to 1971.
As a solo artist, Kendricks recorded several hits of his own during the 1970s, including the number-one single Keep On Truckin'.
During The 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey the majority went to Greece along with Greeks from Anatolia, but some Families have handled it to stay in Turkey.
They are two Theory's of there Origin, one Theory said they are ethnic Turks who became Christian other Theory said, they are ethnic Greeks who adopted the Turkish language.
Ocwirk played 62 caps matches and scored six goals for Austria.
He made his debut in 1945 and played at the 1948 Olympic Games in London.
Leopold Barschandt (12 August 1925 – 5 October 2000) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as defender mainly for Wiener Sport-Club.
He also played in the Austrian national football team.
With the team he played at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland and also in the 1958 World Cup in Sweden.
Leopold Barschandt began his career as a soccer player at SPC Helfort before coming via SC Gaswerk to the Wiener Sport-Club.
He was captain there when the team reached its first title.
From 1960 till the end of his career 1963 he played in Linz for SV Stickstoff.
Karl Zischek (28 August 1910 – 6 October 1985) was an Austrian footballer who played as a forward for Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
He also played for SC Wacker Wien.
Karl Zischek started his career at Wacker in 1929.
During the Second World War, Karl Zischek played quite successfully with his club Wacker and narrowly missed winning the Gauliga Ostmark several times.
In 1947 they won the championship ahead of Rapid and the cup final 4:3 against Austria.
This were the only titles in the history of the small club.
Younger players like Gerhard Hanappi were the driving forces behind the Meidlingers.
So Zischek ended his professional career after this season.
After that he was active as a player at Meidlinger FC and SC Preßbaum.
In 1950 he took over as coach at VfB Mödling.
Josef Hassmann (21 May 1910 – 1 November 1969) was an Austrian football forward .
He played for Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
He also played for SK Admira Wien, FC Wien, SV Straßenbahn, and SK Rapid Wien.
FC Wien was a football club from the 10th district of Vienna.
It was founded in 1914 as SC Nicholson, as a tribute to the great pioneer of Austrian football, Mark Nicholson.
The clubcolours were blue and yellow.In 1933 it was renamed FC Wien also the colours turned to red and white.
Dahiya is a clan of Yaduvanshi Ahirs and Jats found in Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India.
He made his debut for Austria in March 1950 friendly match against Switzerland .
He played at the 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup.
He played 42 matches and scored one goal.
His final international was a September 1962 friendly match against Czechoslovakia.
De Haan was born in 1938 in Amsterdam.
His father was AFC Ajax footballer Frans de Haan (voetballer) (1897-1974).
Camel fighting was started by ancient Turkic tribes over 1000 years ago.
Camels also wrestle in the wild.
This has been happening since before nomads began doing it.
In the 1920s, the Turkish National Aviation league had held camel fights to get money to buy airplanes for the Turkish government.
The government tried to stop them from doing this in the 1920s.
They said that it as too backwards of a practice.
In the 1980s, the new government of Turkey began supporting it as part of the historic culture of Turkey.
Diego Gutiérrez was born in Ciego de Ávila, where he spent his childhood.
There he learned in a self-taught way to play the guitar and sing the classics of the Traditional Trova and Nueva Trova.
From a very young age he received the influences of the old country and popular music vinyls that were heard in his home.
He has been invited to share the stage in concerts by singer-songwriters such as David Torrens, Frank Delgado, Santiago Feliú and Carlos Varela, among others.
Notable instrumentalists have participated in his records, each contributing their different genres and knowledge to the work of this singer and composer.
He has participated as a guest artist in the World Festival of Youth and Students in Algiers 2001 and in Caracas 2005.
He was present in 2009 at the international festival of singer-songwriters Barnasants in Barcelona where he offered his art on various stages in that city and later performed a series of concerts in Valencia, Seville and Madrid .
In 2019 he officially released his third studio installment entitled Piloto automático, which has the collaboration of David Torrens on one of his songs, along with other guests.
He has taken his work to the United States, Spain, the United Kingdom, Argentina, Switzerland, Mexico, Venezuela, Uruguay, Cyprus, and Bolivia on concert tours, festivals, and various stages.
All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe.
former Florida governor Charlie Crist announced his candidacy for the 2022 election to a non-consecutive term as governor after failing to unseat then-governor Rick Scott in 2014.
Crist announced his candidacy for governor twice after he only served a one term from 2007 to 2011.
It has been influenced by Russian and Turkish literatures and it is predominantly written in Uzbek language with its roots in Chagatai language.
In Uzbek literature, Chagatai plays an important role as a reference to Central Asian literature.
A zip bomb is an archive file containing an extreme compression ratio.
When opened, it will overload your computer due to memory & storage limitations.
This in turn causes instability on the user's computer.
Magnus Douglas Mark Nicholson (6 March 1871 - 3 July 1941 in Oswestry, Shropshire, England) was an English football player and coach of the late 19th century and one of the most important pioneers of football in Austria at the beginning of the 20th century.
He played as defender.
Mark Nicholson began his career in April 1889 at the age of 18 as a player for Oswestry Town.
In May 1891 he signed a professional contract with West Bromwich Albion.
He played his first league game against Everton in September 1891 .
He made 67 appearances for the club.
The highpoint as player was the win of the FA Cup on 19 March 1892 with a 3-0 win over Aston Villa.
He left to take a job as deputy headmaster at a school in Bedford and continued his career at nearby Luton Town.
In 1914 a Viennese football club was founded in the club colors blue and yellow with the name SC Nicholson which became FC Wien in 1933.
Portuguese literature is the literature written in the Portuguese language, particularly by citizens of Portugal; it may also refer to literature written by people living in Portugal, Brazil, Angola and Mozambique, and other Portuguese speaking countries.
Paul Bartel (August 6, 1943 – May 13, 2000) was an American actor, writer and director.
He was perhaps most known for his 1982 hit black comedy Eating Raoul, which he wrote, starred in and directed.
Bartel appeared in over 90 movies and TV episodes.
These include such titles as Eat My Dust (1976), Hollywood Boulevard (1976), Rock 'n' Roll High School (1979), Get Crazy (1983) and Amazon Women on the Moon (1987).
He often co-starred with friend and former Warhol girl Mary Woronov; the pair appeared in 17 movies together, often as husband and wife.
His January 2018 single Outside Today went to number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
His first studio album Until Death Call My Name (2018) went to number 7 on the US Billboard 200.
His 2019 mixtape AI YoungBoy 2 entered the Billboard 200 at number one.
Elazar Menachem Man Shach (Hebrew: אלעזר מנחם מן שך, Elazar Shach; January 1, 1899 O.S.
– November 2, 2001) was a Lithuania-born Israeli rabbi and posek.
He was born in Vabalninkas (Vaboilnik in Yiddish), Lithuania, but he fled to Palestine for fear of the Holocaust.
All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe except where noted.
Andrew was born on 28 February 1737 in Steubenville.
He was the son of Hugh Jackson & Elizabeth Creath.
Not much was known in his childhood.
The term Abhira means cow-herd or a Gopa.
Anthropologists came up with the view that Haryana was known by this name because in the post- Mahabharata period here lived the Abhiras, who developed special skills in the art of Agriculture.
According to Pran Nath Chopra Haryana got it's name from Abhirayana=Ahirayana=Hirayana=Haryana.
Enthoven, an administrator of the British Raj and gentleman-scholar, believed that Abhiras might have entered India from Afghanistan.
The pastoral setting of the stories about Krishna's childhood may have originated in legends of a god worshipped by the Abhira tribe.
However Hugh Nevill says that it is probable the Abhiras on being removed from Mesopotamia, across the river, may have called themselves Abhira, as we know they did so in Scinde; while the branch in Afghanistan are spoked of in the Assyrian inscription as of the land of Abhiruz.
Ramaprasad Chanda author of The Indo-Aryan races says that the Abhiras from whom the Gujaratis of our day have evidently sprung, were Aryan in speech and belonged to the Indo-Afghan stock.
The Puranic Abhiras, have occupied the territories of Herat, which is probably a survival of their name, as they are invariably juxtaposed with the Kalatoyakas and Haritas — the peoples of Afghanistan.
Bhagwan Singh Suryavanshi says archaeological research in Deccan has revealed the presence of pastoral people of the Neolithic era who shares many attributes of the Abhira.
Hence, they might have been present much earlier than has been previously postulated so.
He concludes that they spread from Indus to Mathura, and migrated southward and eastward.
He also says that similarity of culture and a common belief that they are descendants of Krishna is proof that they sprang from a common source.
According to a theory advanced by A.
P.
Karmakar, Abhiras were a Proto-Dravidian tribe, derived from Dravidian Ayir, which means cowherd.
He concludes from the Padma Purana, where Vishnu informed Abhiras, I shall be born among you, O Abhiras, at Mathura in my eighth birth.
D.
R.
Bhandarkar supports the non-Aryan origin theory, directly relating Krishna to Rig Veda's Krishna Drapsah, where he fights the Aryan god Indra.
Abhiras were the people of Yadava community.
Yadu was the eldest son of Yayati and Devyani, who was the daughter of Shukracharya.
All the territory of Mathura belonged to Abhiras.
Further, Mahabharata describes Abhira as forming one of the seven republics, Samsaptak Gunas, and as a friend of Matsyas, a pre-vedic tribe.
Gayatri is the personified form of popular Gayatri Mantra, a hymn from Vedic texts.
She is also known as Savitri and Vedamata (mother of vedas).
According to Padma Purana, lord Indra brought Gayatri, an Abhira girl, to help Brahma in a Yajna in Pushkar.
She was married to Brahma during Yajna.
However, in Padma Purana, after Savitri was appeased by Brahma, Vishnu and Lakshmi, she accepts Gayatri Abhira as her sister happily.
In some puranas, Gayatri is said to be the other names of Sarasvati, the wife of Brahma.
According to Matsya Purana, Brahma's left half emerged as a female, who is celebrated under the names of Sarasvati, Savitri and Gayatri.
In Kurma Purana, Gautama rishi was blessed by Goddess Gayatri and able to eliminate the obstacles he faced in his life.
Skanda Purana tells that Gayatri is the wife of Brahma making her a form of Saraswati.
The Chudasama dynasty, originally of Abhira clan from Sind wielded great influence around Junagadh from the 875 A.D.
onwards when they consolidated themselves at Vanthali (ancient Vamanasthali) close to Girnar under their - King Ra Chuda.
Angel Recording Studios closed in December 2019.
The studios opened as the Islington Chapel in 1887-1888, replacing an earlier chapel built in 1815.
It is Grade II listed and features a wealth of original features.
The chapel organ made by H.Speechly and Sons remains in situ and working.
All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe except as noted.
Here's to Never Growing Up is a song by Canadian recording artist Avril Lavigne.
It was released as the lead single from her eponymous fifth studio album on 9 April 2013, by Epic Records.
The song was written by Lavigne, David Hodges, Chad Kroeger, Jacob Kasher, and Martin Johnson, who also produced the song.
Karl Adamek (23 July 1910 in Vienna – 8 January 2000) was an Austrian footballer and manager.
He played as defender for different teams in Vienna and from 1933 till 1935 for Le Havre AC in France.
The German version of the CD single featured two more live songs recorded December 6, 1994, in St.
Denis Theatre, Montreal, Canada.
The Charango is an instrument somewhat resembling a guitar, or a lute.
It came from the Altiplano in South America, in the 16th century.
It may have come from the city of Potosi, in Bolivia.
FC Stahl Linz is a football club from the Upper Austrian capital of Linz, Austria.
FamilyAlbum also known as in Japan was released in 2015 by Kenji Kasahara with a goal to share photos and videos with family and close friends.
Dikmans was from the 1940s until the late 1980s a clown under the name Handy Fool, at Dutch and Belgian circusses, including at Circus Renz.
He was also a comedian in theaters.
The Hungarian algorithm produces the best distribution, with for example: lowest price or shortest time.
The Hungarian Matrix plays with values until the best distribution has only zeroes.
Cover all zeroes with the lowest possible number of lines.
Find the lowest unmarked value: 6.
Increase all values in marked lines with the value from step 3.
Decrease all values with the value from step 3.
The 1924-25 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football.
It was a all-year competition and began in spring 1925, the final was played in November 1925.
Clubs from the highest league entered the competition in the 7th round (Round of 16).
He made his debut for Austria in a January 1924 friendly match against Germany in which he also scored his first international goal and was a player at the 1934 FIFA World Cup In the tournament he scored 2 goals and the team claimed 4th place.
He played 46 matches and scored 29 goals for the team.
His last international was an October 1934 friendly match against Hungary.
Otto Schloime Fischer (1 January 1901 – 1 July 1941) was an Austrian football player.
He played as forward for different teams in Vienna and in the Austrian national football team.
He made his international debut in September 1923 in a 2-0 loss to Hungary in Budapest.
He made his seventh and last game in national dress in October 1928 against Switzerland.
The name is also used in the Swiss canton Ticino, which is Italian-speaking.
The Allgemeine Sport-Verein (ASV) Hertha Wien was a football club from the district of Favoriten in Vienna.
He was founded in 1904 and dissolved in 1940.
The club played 17 seasons in the top league of Austria.
His club colors were blue and white.
There have been many local uses and memorials of honor of Middleton; a pub in Hale, named The Childe of Hale, has a copy of the Brasenose College portrait as its sign.
In 1996 a large tree trunk opposite the church was carved with representations of John Middleton, Hale Lighthouse and other local symbols.
In 2011, because of disease and in the interests of public safety the tree trunk was removed by Halton Borough Council.
In April 2013, the wooden sculpture was replaced by a bronze statue tall by sculptor Diane Gorvin.
Brasenose College in Oxford possesses a life-sized portrait, two smaller paintings and two life-sized representations of his hands.
Another life-sized portrait can be seen at Speke Hall in Liverpool, a National Trust property.
Although he was said to be tall, some experts suggested that he was only tall, believing his hands were not measured accurately according to records.
However, his remains were supposed to be removed from his grave during the Victorian era but were worked out to about 9'3.
Being terminal ill she published in October 2022 her first novel Niet mijn lichaam.
She can be recognized in the book, while it is not an autobiography.
Skosirev made his debut for the national team in 1971 at the Tour of Algeria where he finished second behind Polish Zbigniew Krzeszowiec.
After finishing second in 1972 he won the national team time trial championship in 1973 together with Gennady Komnatov, Rinat Sharafulin and Viktor Skosyrev.
In the fall of 1973, Skosyrev won the Tour of Bulgaria including a stage win.
Alexander and Arius had a disagreement that occurred during the Arian Controversy, which started in the year 318 or 319.
At the beginning, no one knew the exact answer.
Arius (c.
250–336), a priest of Alexandria, Egypt, had an argument with Alexander, who was the bishop of the church in that city, about his obvious carelessness in blurring the difference of nature between the Father and the Son, as he believed in the eternal Sonship of the Son (that the Son was always the Son since the beginning).
According to the sociologist Lyla Mehta, the Jadeja were Hindu descendents of a Muslim tribe that had migrated from Sindh to Kutch.
They originated from pastoral communities and laid a claim on the Rajput identity after marriages with Sodha Rajput women.
The 1925-26 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football.
Arab states and Israel began to normalize their relationship with the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty (1979) and the Jordan-Israel Peace Treaty (1994).
In March 2002, the Arab League also agreed on the Arab Peace Initiative (API).
The API is in favor of normalized relations with Israel in exchange for its withdrawal from the occupied territories of Palestine.
On June 12, 2020 Youseif Al-Otaiba, ambassador of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in the United States, wrote a piece disagreeing with the Israeli annexation of the West Bank.
Following the API, he thought of normalizing relations with Israel to put an end to the annexation.
The United States agreed that it was a good solution and decided to supervise negotiations.
On August 13, 2020 Donald Trump announced publicly that discussions were ongoing between Israel and the UAE.
Following the announcement, Bahrain asked to participate in the exchanges with Israel.
The negotiations ended on September 15, 2020 with the official signature of the Abraham Accords at the White House between the United States, Israel, the UAE and Bahrain.
Elliot Easton (born Elliot Steinberg, 18 December 1953 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American lead guitarist and singer.
He sang background vocals for The Cars.
He studied music at the Berklee College of Music.
Roy Thomas Baker (born 10 November 1946) is an English record producer, songwriter and arranger.
He helped create a series of extremely popular pop and rock records from the 1970s to the present day.
Although he was born in London, England, he now divides his time between his homes in Los Angeles, Europe, and his recording studio in Arizona.
Baker started at Decca Records in England at the age of 14.
He later moved to Trident Studios, where he worked with the likes of Gus Dudgeon and Tony Visconti.
According to Jimmy Chamberlin, the only times Baker complained during the making of Zeitgeist were when he was denied permission to build a helipad on his California mansion and when he had to sell a castle he owned in England.
He has co-written and co-produced singles including: Mariah Carey's Shake It Off; Tamia's Still; Fantasia's Only One U; Danity Kane's Ride For You; LeToya's Obvious; Mary J.
Blige's Be Without You; Toni Braxton's Trippin' (That's the Way Love Works); and Usher's Confessions, Pt.
2.
Cox has been producing professionally since 1998, receiving his first formal credit on 1999's Get Gone by the Houston R&B group Ideal.
OMG Tour was a concert tour.
It was the third one by American recording artist Usher.
The tour, which visited North America, Asia, Europe and Australia, accompanies his sixth studio album, Raymond v.
Raymond (2010), as well as his first extended play, Versus (2010).
In late 2011, the tour was ranked seventh on Billboard's annual, Top 25 Tours, earning nearly $75 million from 73 shows.
Miguel Jontel Pimentel (born 23 October 1985), who performs under the mononym Miguel, is an American alternative R&B artist and producer.
Signed to Jive Records in 2007, his debut album All I Want Is You was released in February 2011.
The album was preceded by the release of the single All I Want Is You, featuring rapper J.
Cole.
The name sex comedy is used for a genre of comedy which mostly describes sexual situations and love affairs.
Other names are erotic comedy, and sexual comedy.
The name is mostly used for movies and theatre plays, but some books have also been titled sex comedy, for example works of Ovid and Chaucer.
Lorne Alistair Tennant, better known as Ali Tennant, is a British singer-songwriter and producer/vocal mentor from London, England.
He is signed to BMG Chrysalis.
Shake It Up is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Cars, released in 1981.
It was the last The Cars album to be produced by Roy Thomas Baker.
A much more pop-oriented album than its predecessor, its title track became their first Billboard top ten hit.
Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology is a greatest hits compilation by 1980s new wave rock group The Cars.
It features most of the band's singles, as well as many album tracks, B-sides and previously unreleased tunes.
The next 4 tracks were recorded as demos in 1977.
Leave or Stay and Ta Ta Wayo Wayo were eventually re-recorded for the band's 1987 Door to Door album; the other 2 tracks were never re-recorded.
All 4 tracks were previously unreleased recordings.
The next unreleased track is an unfinished outtake from the band's first album, featuring only Ocasek & Hawkes.
It was eventually re-recorded for 1979's Candy-O.
AllMusic's Greg Prato gave the album a positive review, with the editorial staff giving it four out of five stars.
Prato praises the diversity of the video options while criticizing part of the quality of the recordings, summarizing that it is a most welcome addition to the Cars' discography.
It's All I Can Do is a song by the American rock band The Cars.
It is the third track from their 1979 album Candy-O.
It was written by the band's lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist, Ric Ocasek, and features bassist, Benjamin Orr, on vocals.
It was released as a single on September 25, 1979, and peaked at number 41 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The demo version featured a different pitch of vocals with a echo-related tone, and the guitar solo is missing.
The song's verses feature the use of polymeter.
The bass and drums are playing in a time signature of 5/4, while the vocals, keyboards, and guitar are playing in 4/4.
For the lengthy pre-chorus and chorus, all instruments (and vocals) conform to the 4/4 signature.
As with the guitar solo, only some sections are stretched out to give Elliot Easton more measures on Eminor, F, and G, to build his flashy, yet melodic, solo.
Popping boba, also known as Popping pearls, is a topping used in bubble tea.
Unlike traditional tapioca pearls (which are made of tapioca), Popping boba consists of a gel-like skin with juice of any flavor on the inside.
This requires a spherification process.
James Wilkinson (March 24, 1757 – December 28, 1825) was an American soldier, politician, and double agent who was connected with several scandals and controversies.
In 1854, following long archival research in the Spanish archives in Madrid, Louisiana historian Charles Gayarré exposed Wilkinson as having been a highly paid spy in the service of the Spanish Empire.
In the years since Gayarré's research became public, Wilkinson has been terribly strongly criticized by American historians and politicians.
According to President Theodore Roosevelt, In all our history, there is no more despicable character.
However, he has been defended, especially in breaking up the Burr conspiracy.
Robert Juranic (29 May 1904 – 8 December 1973) was an Austrian footballer.
The 1926-27 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football.
Johann Luef (21 December 1905 – 3 April 1945) was an Austrian footballer.He played as forward for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Ferdinand Wesely (30 May 1897 – 19 March 1949) was an Austrian footballer and coach.
The left winger began his career at Rennweger SV and in 1920 he went to Rapid, Austria's leading football club at the time.
With Rapid he won four times the Championship and in 1927 the Austrian Cup.
From 1928 till 1931 he was captain of Rapid Vienna.
1930 he won the Mitropa Cup, the most important club competition between the wars.
After this triumph, Wesely moved to Switzerland, first to FC St.
Gallen and then to FC Basel.
In 1933, he and Basel won the Swiss Cup .
He played 40 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 17 goals.
His debut was on 23 April 1922 in a loss versus Germany.
His last match was on 16 November 1930 in a 4-1 win versus Sweden.
Don't Tell Me No is a song by the American new wave band The Cars.
The song, written by Ric Ocasek, appeared on the band's third studio album, Panorama.
Gimme Some Slack is a song by the American rock band The Cars from the album Panorama.
It became a single in 1981.
The song was written by a band member Ric Ocasek.
The song was covered by the Chipmunks and the Chipettes in an episode of Alvin and The Chipmunks.
Awards and prizes are given for very good writing of fiction, poetry, drama, criticism, and history.
Anderl Heckmair, Heinrich Harrer, Ludwig Vörg and Fritz Kasparek were the first who were successful.
At the time, they were criticized, because their style was new.
Also the Nazi parti did not like some of their opinions.
Baukje Wytsma (1 April 1946 – 29 December 2022) was a Dutch journalist, writer and poet.
Rybinsk has a four-season humid continental climate.
Dakimakura is a large type of pillow from Japan.
In English, it often translates to body pillow or waifu pillows.
They are usually called comfort objects by Japanese youth.
Historical Mazovia existed from the Middle Ages until the partitions of Poland.
It was made up of three voivodeships with the capitals in Warsaw, Płock and Rawa.
The main city of the region was Płock.
At the time, Płock was the capital of Poland.
Later, however, Płock lost its importance to Warsaw.
Warsaw then became the capital of Poland.
From 1138, Mazovia was led by a branch of the Piast dynasty.
When the last ruler of the independent Duchy of Mazovia died, it became fully part of the Polish Crown in 1526.
The Mazovian Governorate was made in 1816.
It had land in the south part of the region along with Łęczyca Land and south-eastern Kuyavia.
The Mazovian Governorate lasted until 1844.
The old ethnic group of Mazovia are the Masurians.
They settled in Masuria in southern Prussia in the Late Middle Ages.
There they converted to Protestantism in the Reformation era.
Ophlin Russell (born on January 2, 1962), better known as Sister Nancy (or Muma Nancy), is a Jamaican dancehall DJ and singer.
She is best known to the world as the first female dancehall DJ and described as being a dominating female voice for over two decades on the dancehall scene.
Horst Nemec (25 January 1939 – 23 June 1984) was an Austrian football forward.
He played for Austria Wien and Vienna and the Austrian national football team.
He debuted in the national team on 23 September 1959 in a 5:2 win over Norway.
In this match he scored his first two international goals.
His last match was on 5 September 1965 versus Hungary.
He played 29 matches for Austria and scored 16 goals.
Robert Dienst (1 March 1928 – 13 June 2000) was an Austrian football forward.
He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien.
He played also in the Austrian national football team.
For Austria he played in the 1954 - and 1958 FIFA World Cup .
He made his debut for Austria in an October 1949 match against Hungary and earned a total of 27 caps, scoring 12 goals.
He was a participant at the 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup.
In 1958 he was in the squad but did not play.
The Christian Bible says that the Holy Spirit comes to live in each Christian.
He produces the fruits of the Spirit, which are love, joy, peace, long-suffering (patience), kindness, goodness, faithfulness, meekness, self-control.
The Holy Spirit also gives gifts to Christians.
These include the ability to preach the gospel, having strong faith, praying for people to be healed, speaking in other languages and understanding them.
Bob Jongen (14 May 1927 – 1 January 2023) was a German-born Dutch footballer, who played as a striker.
He made his debut for Austria in an October 1955 match against Yugoslavia and earned a total of 42 caps, scoring 9 goals.
At his debut he was 17 years und 161 days old and was the youngest team player till then.
He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Paul Halla (10 April 1931 in Graz – 6 December 2005 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player.
He played as midfielder for Sturm Graz, Grazer AK and Rapid Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
With the team he was participant of the 1954- and 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Her first swimming competitions were in 1907.
The next year she won several swimming competitions, including at the second day of the world championships the 100 metres event in a time of 1:48.6.
In the 100 metres event at the national championships she finished second behind her daughter Eugénie Decorne.
Over the next years she also won several swimming competitions, including the women's category at the 1912 and 1913 open water swimming race.
Kinsariya was the Thikana of Keshavdasot Ramsinghot Mertiya's under Double tazimi Sirayat in Marwar State of BADU JAGIR (13 villages).
Th.
Naar Singh ji and Th.
Chain Singh ji has the share of Kinsariya by Bhaibant .
They are the sons of Thakur sahab Ram Singh Mertiya of Badu .
Karl Sesta (18 March 1906 – 12 July 1974) was a footballer .
He represented as defender both the Austrian and German national sides.
Anton Janda (1 May 1904 – 26 September 1985) was an Austrian football defender.
He played for the Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
He also played for SK Admira Wien.
He began his career as a striker at Donaustadt .
Then he went to the second division team SV Strassenbahn in 1923.
1925 he went to WAC and played 10 years for this team.
With the club he reached the 1931 Mitropa Cup Final.
They lost the match versus First Vienna.
He won one league title with WAC and was thre times (1928, 1932, 1935) in the Cup final.
From 1935 till 1939 he played for Stades Rennais in France.
After coming back he was playing manager of LASK.
He debuted on 6 May 1928 in a away match versus Hungary.
Braun was part of Austria national football team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
He earned 13 caps, scoring one goal.
Overall he played 13 international matches for Austria from 1928 to 1935.
He was also called up 25 times for the Vienna and Lower Austrian teams.
Friedrich Franzl (6 March 1905 – 18 August 1989) was an Austrian football player.
He played as goalkeeper for SK Admira Wien and Wiener Sport-Club.
He was also a player for the Austrian national football team.
Think It Over is a song by American new wave band The Cars, featured on their fourth studio album, Shake It Up.
It was written by Ric Ocasek.
Think It Over was first released on the 1984 album Shake It Up, but following the album's release the song was released as a single in Britain and Australia.
Backed with I'm Not the One (which later became a hit in its own right) the single made no dent on the charts.
The single was not released in America, as the song Victim of Love (also from Shake It Up) received the single release instead.
Magic is a song by The Cars from their fifth studio album, Heartbeat City, which came out in 1984.
The song was written by Ric Ocasek and produced by Mutt Lange and The Cars.
Ocasek sang lead vocals.
In 1862, Ulrichs told his family and friends that he was gay.
He started writing under the pseudonym of Numa Numantius.
His first five essays, named Forschungen über das Rätsel der mannmännlichen Liebe (Studies on the Riddle of Male-Male Love), said that gay love was natural and biological.
He used the Latin phrase anima muliebris virili corpore inclusa (a female psyche trapped in a male body).
Ulrichs made many words for different sexual orientations in his essays.
These words include Urning for a man who is attracted to men (English Uranian), and Dioning for a man who is attracted women.
Ulrichs also made words for the female versions (Urningin and Dioningin), and for bisexuals and intersex people.
Johann Walzhofer (23 March 1906 - 1 March 1970 ) was an Austrian football forward.
He played for different clubs in Vienna and the Austrian national football team.
After his retirement he was also football coach.
During his career, Walzhofer was denied a title at club level.
With a total of 178 championship goals he is still one of the 20 most successful goalscorers in the history of Austrian football.
Hello Again is a song performed by the rock band The Cars.
It was released on the 1984 album Heartbeat City.
It was the album's fourth Top 20 hit, reaching number 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart; it also reached number 8 on the Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart and number 22 on the Mainstream Rock chart.
The music video explored the controversial issues of sex and violence (mostly the former) being featured in music and at the time.
Why Can't I Have You is a song by the American new wave band The Cars.
The song, written by Ric Ocasek, appeared on the band's fifth studio album Heartbeat City.
The song is a lush ballad.
Tonight She Comes is a 1985 song by The Cars, from their Greatest Hits album.
It was released as a single in October 1985, reaching number 7 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It also reached number 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, where it stayed for three weeks.
It was The Cars' fourth and (as of 2010) last Top 40 hit.
I'm Not the One is a song by the American rock band The Cars, from their fourth album, Shake It Up.
It features Ric Ocasek on lead vocals, Benjamin Orr singing the phrase you know why, with the entire group repeating going round and round as backing vocals throughout the song.
In 2005, the album was released on Not Lame Recordings, which featured a cover of Gigolo Aunts single I'm Not The One.
You Are the Girl is a 1987 song by The Cars, from their album Door to Door.
It was released as a single in August 1987, reaching number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It also reached number 2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 12 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
It was the thirteenth and (as of 2010) last Top 40 hit for The Cars.
The song was recorded during sessions for the band's last studio album, 1987's Door to Door, during a time of personal conflict between the band members.
Strap Me In is a 1987 song by The Cars, appearing on their sixth studio album Door to Door.
Like its predecessor, You Are the Girl, a music video was produced for Strap Me In.
The video showed the band playing in a barren wasteland while a couple fought.
It was also the final video the Cars made before they broke up, with the next video being made for Sad Song in 2011.
Coming Up You is a 1987 song by The Cars, appearing on their sixth studio album Door to Door.
It was written by Ric Ocasek and sung by Benjamin Orr.
Sad Song is the lead single by the American rock band The Cars from their 2011 studio album Move Like This.
A short clip of the song was released in December 2010; the full song was released to radio on March 1, 2011.
The Wiener Sport-Club Platz is the home of the Viennese football club Wiener Sport-Club.
The stadium was built in 1904.
It is located in the Dornbach district.
It is the oldest soccer field in Austria that is still used.
The stadium has a capacity of 7,828 spectators.
The opening match took place on 16 October 1904, the Wiener Sportvereinigung defeated Ödenburg 7:3.
Priority Records is a United States-based record label, owned and operated by EMI, and has made a name for itself primarily in hip hop music.
Priority has also provided distribution for other labels such as Ruthless Records, Death Row Records, No Limit Records, and Roc-A-Fella Records.
To support early operations, Priority licensed others' repertoire and released compilation albums, but soon began developing its own roster of major artists.
Priority was able to achieve unparalleled success as an independent label by developing an underground street-based marketing formula that set precedents and bypassed mainstream radio.
His unique approach allowed Priority to sell millions of records without getting into the fiercely competitive battles of the major record labels for airplay.
Priority's strategic marketing team was developed by Vice President Alyssa Pisano, who led Priority's Marketing and Creative Services Department from 1987 to 1996.
Priority's roster featured numerous gold, platinum, and multi-platinum artists, including N.W.A, Dr.
Dre, Ice Cube, Master P, Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, Mack 10, Westside Connection, Eazy-E and Ice T.
In the early 1990s, the label entered into a distribution deal with EMI, while continuing to operate independently.
EMI bought a 50% stake in Priority in 1996 and the remainder in 1998.
Despite EMI's full ownership, Priority remained an independently managed company until 2001, when its operations were merged with EMI's main US subsidiary, Capitol Records.
Priority was absorbed into Capitol Records in 2004 and ceased operations.
Although commercially successful, the album received mixed reviews upon release.
The album as a whole has been compared to a progressive rock album, and compared to Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon and Radiohead's Kid A.
Living Things is the fifth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released through Warner Bros.
Records on 26 June 2012.
The album was produced by Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin, and presented a new direction in Linkin Park's music, combining the hard rock sounds of their debut album, Hybrid Theory and the electronic mixes of their very successful previous studio album, A Thousand Suns, whilst keeping a brand new, original sound.
Live in Texas is Linkin Park's first live album and third DVD (after Frat Party at the Pankake Festival and The Making of Meteora), released on November 18, 2003.
Vanguard Records is a record label founded in 1950 by brothers Maynard and Seymour Solomon in New York.
It started as a classical music label, but is perhaps best known for its catalogue of recordings by several seminal folk and blues artists from the 1960s; Bach Guild was a subsidiary label.
Break It Off was performed in many different venues and settings all over the world.
She performed it on New Year's Eve 2007 and at many concerts such as BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend and Live Earth.
It is performed for a minute and a half at concerts as a medley because Sean Paul performs more words than Rihanna.
Dangal is a Hindi language general entertainment channel.
It is a 24 Hours free to air channel.
Karl Koller began his football career with ASK Blumau.
1949 he went to First Vienna FC where he made his championship debut in 1949.
Througout his professional career he played for this club.
He played 414 league matches for Vienna and scored 39 goals.
Overall he played 836 matches and scored 101 goals.
In 1955 he became Austrian Champion and 1961 they played in the Cup final which they lost 3-1 versus SK Rapid.
Karl Koller's career in the team ended when they failed to qualify for the 1966 World Cup.
His last international match was on 5 September 1965 versus Hungary.
Josef Bertalan (born 29 September 1934) is an Austrian former footballer.
Wang was most known in China as a film director of the movies Never Look Back and Lawless.
Areopagus is the name of a rock formation close to the Acropolis, in Athens, Greece.
In Greek, the hill is called Areios Pagos, the hill of Ares.
The name was also used for the Athenian council that was held there.
It was the oldest known institution of Athens.
After the Battle of Marathon (which the Greek won against the Persians) a runner ran from Marathon to Athens.
Legend has it, that the runner died, after telling about the Greek victory, on Areopagus.
Roman Schramseis (29 March 1906 – 10 December 1988) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as defender mainly for SK Rapid Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team..
He was part of the Wunderteam.
He played 18 matches for the Austrian national team.
He debuted on 6 May 1928 versus Hungary.
His last match was on 24 April 1932 also versus Hungary.
He did not play again because he played abroad.
Licensing for Fox Movietone newsreels owned by the University of South Carolina is handled by the Moving Image Research Collections.
Licensing for Fox Movietone News is still owned by Fox Corporation and handled by Fox News Channel.
British Movietone is owned by British Movietonews Ltd.
Madeline Mads St Clair is an ocean expert.
She is a tropical marine biologist.
She studies how micro-plastics affect sharks.
She is also a marine conservationist.
She started the nonprofit organization, Women in Ocean Science.
The sweeper, also known as the libero, is a crucial position in association football.
Unlike other defenders who have a specific opponent to mark, the sweeper is a more versatile centre-back who has the freedom to move around the defensive line and sweep up loose balls if an opponent manages to breach the defense.
The sweeper's role is to act as the last line of defense and provide cover for the other defenders.
They are responsible for quickly identifying and reacting to any threats posed by the opposition and making crucial tackles or interceptions.
The sweeper's ability to read the game and anticipate the opposition's moves is vital to the team's success.
The position of the sweeper is more fluid than that of other defenders, which allows them to play a more proactive role in building attacks from the back.
This added flexibility means that the sweeper can also provide additional support to the midfield, making them a valuable asset to any team.
The sweeper position is often associated with the Italian style of play, and the term libero is derived from Italian, meaning free.
However, the position has been used by successful teams from all over the world, including the Brazilian national team of the 1970s.
The Tagblatt-Pokal (Tagblatt-Cup) was an annual Viennese league football championship.
It was the first of its kind in Austria.
It was held three times between 1900 and 1903 and won by Wiener AC each time.
It is considered the forerunner of today's Bundesliga in Austria.
The Tagblatt Cup was started in 1900 by the well-known Viennese daily newspaper Neues Wiener Tagblatt and was only open to Viennese clubs.
The Tagblatt Cup consisted of two league classes.
In the top division, the 1st class, five teams played.
In the first year they were only four .
The rest was divided into the 2nd classes A and B.
The winners of these classes played for the Tagblatt Cup the next year.
The last two of the 1st class had to be relegated to the 2nd class.This rule has not been applied regularly for various reasons.
For example in the last season a relegation was played.
The end of the Tagblatt Cup finally came in the fourth season as several teams left the association.
There were only competitions in the years shown.
Franz Weselik (20 April 1903 – 15 March 1962) was a former Austrian football player and coach.
He played as forward mainly for SK Rapid Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Karl Rainer (1 July 1901 – 9 June 1987) was an Austrian footballer and coach.He played as defender for First Vienna FC.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Karl Rainer began his football career at FC Sturm 07.
Then he went to the first division club First Vienna FC 1894.
Karl Rainer was a regular player for Vienna between 1921 and 1938.
He played 882 matches for Vienna .
He played 39 matches for the Austrian national football team between 1924 and 1935.
In the early 1940s, Rainer was the coach of SC Wacker Vienna.
In 1942 he played again for Vienna due to a lack of players.
After the end of the war he worked as a coach at Wiener AC, Vienna and SC Justiz.
Karl Gall (5 October 1905 – 27 February 1943) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien.
In eleven matches he also played for the Austria national football team from 1931 to 1936.
Karl Gall came to Wiener Austria from HAC-Nordstern, where he played from 1925 to 1928.
In terms of stature, he was inferior to his competitors and teammates, but made up for this with his strong and mature technique.
Gall left Austria in 1936 and played professionally in France for FC Mulhouse until the outbreak of the Second World War.
After his return he played again for Austria.
He played his last game in a derby against SK Rapid in 1942.
Walter Mortimer Mirisch (November 8, 1921 – February 24, 2023) is an American movie producer.
He is president and executive head of production of The Mirisch Corporation.
His brother Marvin and half-brother Harold were also producers.
He won the Academy Award for Best Picture as producer of In the Heat of the Night (1967).
Women in Red is a WikiProject.
It works against the gender bias in Wikipedia.
Almora is a district in the Kumaon Division of Uttarakhand state, India.
The headquarters is at Almora.
It is 1,638 meters above sea level.
The neighbouring regions are Pithoragarh district to the east, Chamoli district to the west, Bageshwar district to the north and Nainital district to the south.
In 2002, Agoyo opened a boutique in Santa Fe with Virgil Ortiz and Cody Sanderson.
Sanderson was her husband.
Modest fashion is a style of fashion with less-revealing and private clothing.
Some Muslim, Jewish, and Christian women wear modest fashion.
In 2022, the modest fashion industry earned US $295 billion.
It will earn US $402 billion industry by 2024.
This style is worn by many people in the Middle East and Northern Africa.
The countries with the highest spendings are Turkey, Iran, and Saudi Arabia.
Muslims from other areas such as Indonesia also wear modest fashion.
Roughly 87% of Indonesia’s population is Muslim.
Jocelyn Larocque (born May 19, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defencewoman.
She plays for PWHL Toronto of the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL).
She also plays for Canada in Olympic hockey.
She was the first female indigenous woman to play on Team Canada at the Olympics.
She is a part of the Métis Nation.
She has won two Olympic gold medals, and one silver medal.
In 2018, she won the Manitoba Female Indigenous Athlete of the Decade award.
Larocque has won a total of 9 world championships.
Panis was born in Berkel-Enschot in 1932.
His father (1900–1975) was twice mayor of Berkel-Enschot and in between mayor of Haaren.
His uncle was architect (1891-1972).
Willibald Kirbes (29 June 1902 – 3 February 1990) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as a forward for different teams from Vienna, mainly for SK Rapid, and the Austrian national football team.
Wilhelm Morokutti also Wilhelm Morocutti (9 May 1900 in Wien, Austria-Hungary; 2 February 1962 in Oberneukirchen, Austria) was an Austrian footballer.
Morocutti grew up in Ober-St.
Veit and came in 1914 at the age of 14 to the local Amateur SV.
He was always called Cutti by the supporters of the club.
As a result of the First World War, many of the regulars were not available.
So he made his debut in the first team at the age of 16 in the position of left winger.
In 1920 the amateurs reached the final of the ÖFB Cup for the first time.
In 1921 a title was won for the first time with the cup victory against the Wiener Sport-Club, but Morocutti was not used in the final game.
Finally he played as right winger where he became an important assistant giver for Kálmán Konrád and later for Gustav Wieser, Viktor Hierländer and Matthias Sindelar.
After differences with the club's management he went to WAC in 1930.
1.
Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 Wien was a Austrian football club from the Favoriten district of Vienna.
Kappa Persei is a triple star system in the constellation Perseus.
A quiet room may be most effective if it contains things that are of comfort or liking to the user of the said 'quiet room'.
They can spend certain time in the said room doing things that the person considers calming activities.
Willibald Schmaus (16 June 1912 – 27 April 1979) was an Austrian football defender.
He played for First Vienna FC.
He represented both Austria and Germany and played for both teams in the FIFA World Cup.
He played for Vienna from 1929 till 1949.
The first major success was winning the cup in May 1930 with a 1-0 final win over FK Austria Wien.
He also took part in the finals of this competition in 1936 and 1937 which Vienna won in 1937.
In 1931 Vienna won the first championship in the club's history.
1933 they managed to win another title.
With vice championships in 1932 and 1936 other successes could be recorded.
Internationally the won the Mitropa Cup in 1931 and 1932.
From 1933 to 1936 he played 18 matches for the Austrian national team.
He was part of the squad for the 1934 World Cup in Italy, where he played four matches.
After the annexation of Austria in 1938 he played three matches for Germany.
He was part of the squad for the 1938 Fifa World Cup in France.
He did not play there.
In 2012, DreamWorks Animation acquired Classic Media for $155 million; the company became a unit of DreamWorks Animation and was renamed to DreamWorks Classics.
However, he could not continue chasing his academic dream due to economic instability and lack of capital.
Therefore he sought employment as a librarian in order to gain money for his studies.
He worked as a university librarian in Halle, Germany.
Eventually, his hard work and determination led him to become a docent of Slavic philology at the University of Copenhagen ending with a professor title in 1888.
Sage Kashyapa is said to have incarnated as Vasudeva, the father of Krishna due to a curse of the god Brahma.
Once, the sage performed a yajna (a Vedic sacrifice) in his hermitage for the welfare of the world.
Kashyapa sought the help of the god Varuna for the offerings of milk, ghee etc.
Varuna granted the sage a holy cow which will provide the offerings on the condition that the sage returns the same to Varuna after the sacrifice.
After completing the sacrifice after several days, Kashyapa was overcome with greed, realizing the miraculous power of the cow, and refused to return the cow arguing that whatever is offered to a Brahmin like Kashyapa should never be sought back, and whoever does that would turn out to be a sinner.
FilmFreeway is a Canadian website for people who make movies.
They use it to submit their movies to hundreds of movies festivals around the world.
It was the official sponsor of the 2020 Orlando cinema festival.
Due to mass shootings increasingly surging in the United States, the Democratic Party has advocated for an assault weapons ban.
This is most likely a major campaign topic to play out in both parties.
The Mecabricks render farm was custom built by Scrubs and allows rendering models in the browser by sending the model to the renderfarm.
After rendering is complete, the image is sent to Mecabricks where it can be downloaded.
The render farm can be used for free, but users are only allowed 10 free renders a day under 0.7 million pixels.
With rendering comes a few objects that can be of help, such as lamps, cameras and the volumetric box.
Multiple frames can be rendered for rendering animations and other features such as scratches, fingerprints and dents can make the render(s) look even more realistic.
Animation can be done in nodes, which is a separate area from the workshop view that can be toggled on or off.
Different node trees are executed when the animation plays.
The node trees themselves contain nodes which can determine a piece's position, material (color) and visibility over a timespan.
It is also possible to instance large amounts of pieces.<br>Other settings such as frame rate and animation length can also be determined in nodes.
The oldest person verified by modern standards, and the only person with evidence to have lived to be at least 120 years of age, is French woman Jeanne Calment (21 February 1875 – 4 August 1997), aged 122 years and 164 days.
The oldest verified living person is Spanish-American born woman Maria Branyas, born 4 March 1907, aged 115 years, 329 days.
Lucy Hannah, previously regarded as having reached age 117, had her verification removed in 2020 following the discovery of additional documents.
Maggie Barnes (1882/1880/1881-1998) claimed to be 117 at her death on January 19 1998.
Inconsistent records claim that she was a year younger, 6 March 1882 is the latest, but possibly a year earlier.
Hanna Barysevich: Barysevich claimed to have been 118.
This can be neither verified nor disproven from Belarus records.
The claim is demographically possible but incompletely verified.
Pasikhat Dzhukalaeva: In 2004, The Moscow Times reported that Dzhukalayeva, of Chechnya, claimed to have been born in 1881 (age 122).
The claim is possible but incompletely verified.
Her death has not been reported since that time, so no age above 122 has been verifiably claimed.
He played his first match on 11 February 1934 in a 4-2 win versus Italy.
As a player Kaburek was part of Austria national football team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
He also played one match for Germany after the occupation of Austria by Nazi Germany in 1939.
Leopold Facco (10 November 1907 – 9 October 1993) was an Austrian footballer.
He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1930 to 1931.
Facco made his top-league debut as a player for Brigittenauer AC in the spring of 1927.
After relegation he went to SK Admira Wien in 1930.
In his first year at the club, he narrowly missed the championship title finishing second.
In the 1930- 31 Austrian Cup, played in a point system ,Admira finished 3rd but Facco was top scorer with 14 goals.
In 1932 and 1934 they won the title.
1935 he went to France and played for he FC Rouen in the 2nd division.
After he came back to Austria in 1935 he played for Wiener Sport-Club, GAK, Badener AC and the company team of the Saurer Werke.
During the war years Facco was active for the second division club SV Eis Wien before he joined the 2nd league club SCR Hochstädt Wien after the end of the war.
With Hochstädt he was promoted and played his last first league season in 1947.
Sphenacodontoidea is Superfamily of the Pelycosaurs.
Which Includes Sphenacodontids and Edaphosaurids.
Adolf Vogl (4 May 1910 – 9 April 1993) was an Austrian football forward.
He played for 20 caps for Austria and scored six goals.
Vogl also played for FC Admira Wacker Mödling, Excelsior AC Roubaix and Wiener AC.
Vogl started his career with the second league team SC Neubau.
In 1927 he went to Admira Wien.
Together with Anton Schall he formed a successful striker duo there.
Adi Vogl spent the 1937/38 season in France with Excelsior AC Roubaix.
After he came back to Austria he played again for Admira.
The end of his career in 1947 he spent with Wiener AC.
Josef Blum (4 February 1898 - 18 October 1956 ) was an Austrian football player and coach.
He played as defender for Nußdorfer AC and First Vienna FC.
He was player and captain of the Austrian Wunderteam in the early 1930s.
Josef Blum began his career in 1913 at Nußdorfer AC.
In 1918 he moved to the then second division club First Vienna FC.
The same season they were promoted to the First division.
Blum celebrated great successes as a player with the Vienna.
In 1929 and 1930 he won the Austrian Cup with his club, in 1931 he was Austrian champion and winner of the Mitropapokal and in 1933 again champion.
Blum made his debut for the Austrian national team on 7 November 1920 in a 2-1 win over Hungary in Budapest.
From 1920 to 1932 he made a total of 51 appearances in the national team.
He was its undisputed captain for twelve years.
At the first game of the miracle team on16 May 1931 against Scotland, Josef Blum was already 33 years old.
Josef Blum played his last game in the national team on 24 April 1932 in Vienna in an 8-2 triumph over Hungary.
Overall he played 51 matches and scored three goals.
The song describes four different men: Particle Man, who is not important; Triangle Man, who fights Particle Man and wins; Universe Man, the size of the universe, and has a watch with hands for different times (He’s got a watch with a minute hand, a millennium hand, and an eon hand); and Person Man, who lives in a garbage can, and who is also defeated by Triangle Man.
NHS Scotland is of the four systems that make up the National Health Service in the United Kingdom.
It has been separate since the NHS was started in 1948.
Since 1999 it has become more different from England.
The budget was £15.3billion in 2020-21.
Cagayan de Oro (CDO), officially the City of Cagayan de Oro (; ), is a large city in the Northern Mindanao region of the Philippines.
It is the capital of the Misamis Oriental province.
In the 2020 census, 728,402 people lived in the city.
He is best known as the writer and director of movies based on his own life, including Distant Voices, Still Lives (1988), The Long Day Closes (1992) and Of Time and the City (2008).
He has made movies based on novels, such as The House of Mirth (2000) and The Neon Bible (1995).
His movies A Quiet Passion (2016) and Benediction (2021) are based on the lives of poets Emily Dickinson and Siegfried Sassoon.
Grace Chatto, one of the members of Clean Bandit, told that London Evening Standard that the song was based on an experience of a breakup of hers.
She also said that the song was recorded over FaceTime.
It is because the band was unable to schedule a session with Lovato.
The song was performed at the other European leg of Lovato's Tell Me You Love Me World Tour.
Clean Bandit also performed the song at the Capital FM Summertime Ball.
The band also had Lovato as a special guest on June 9, 2018.
The music video for the song was released on May 31, 2018.
It stars the members of Clean Bandit and Lovato herself.
The video starts with the Clean Bandit member Grace Chatto.
She is with a lover, who is the actor George Todd McLachlan, in which they argue.
As the arguments become violent.
Chatto grabs her longboard and skates into the town and ends at a laundromat.
She is then hidden behind the washing machines in an office.
She also pays an attendant (Ko Hyojoo) for an unknown medicine.
Then, Hyojoo is skating with a longboard down the street.
It is to retrieve the medicine that will be made by Jack and Luke Patterson.
Before that happens, Luke suggests to choose to the shape of a bearded dragon or a rabbit.
They decide to make the shape of a dog.
In the end, thanks to the help of the medicine, Chatto's abusive boyfriend turns into a rainbow golden Retriever.
The video is briefly cut with Chatto's face evaporating.
Lovato makes appearances with a floral top when she sings the track's vocals.
As of November 2021, the video has over 900 million views.
A black and white acoustic version of the video was released on June 15, 2018.
Martyr's shrines () are religious buildings in China that honor and remember people who died for their country.
They are built separately from other buildings and can be converted from other types of shrines such as Shinto shrines.
They also help teach people about the importance of loyalty and righteousness and Confucian values.
Earlier in February 2023, Johnson Suleman wrote on his Twitter page that the 2023 general election will be a deciding factor for generations unborn, calling on Nigerians to go to the polling unit on the day of the election to cast votes and ensure their votes are counted.
From 2006 to 2017 Jurčević was an assistant to former Croatian national coach Slaven Bilić .
(Croatia national team 2006–2012; Lokomotiv Moscow 2012–2013; Beşiktaş Istanbul 2013–2015 ; West Ham United 2015–2017).
2018 he was head coach at Dinamo Zagreb.
The 2023 season will be the Detroit Lions' 94th season in the National Football League and their third under the head coach/general manager tandem of Dan Campbell and Brad Holmes.
John Allen (born Johnathan Gordon Allen Klerk on 4 April 1947) is an English musician and producer born in Sheffield, England.
He started his career as a double bass player, performing Jazz and Blues in clubs around Yorkshire, England.
Allen toured the United Kingdom in the 1960s in his the group he formed called The Top Hats from the years 1963 to 1965.
Afterwards, he moved to Scotland to work in musical producing and has since retired.
He was known by his nickname Sonny and still regularly performs music in clubs.
The Saints' preseason schedule was announced on May 7, but was later cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Orphanage Animation Studios is a American animation studio based in Burbank, Los Angeles, California, U.S.
It is known for commercials, title sequences and music videos.
Many softwares uses this kind of compression.
For example, it's used in the ZIP file format and the gzip tool.
It is also part of some other techniques that remove information to make file sizes smaller.
The Office of the Chief Minister and Council of Ministers is a political and bureaucratic office that assists the Council of Ministers of Bagmati Province and the Chief Minister of Bagmati Province in the leadership of the Council of Ministers and Government.The incumbent Chief Minister is Shalikram Jamkattel and the current council of ministers is the Shalikram Jamkattel cabinet.
I.
II.
Joan Mitchell (February 12, 1925 – October 30, 1992) was an American artist.
Gilbert Prilasnig (born 1 April 1973) is an Austrian former football player.
He played as defender mainly for SK Sturm Graz.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He is now coach for SK Sturm Graz Academy U18 .
The club was founded on 1 February 1928 as Werkssportverein Donawitz.
The colours were green-white.
They played their first season at the top Styrian league in 1930/31.
WSV reached the title in 1939 but lost the playoffs for promotion to the Gauliga Ost after losing to FC Wien, Linzer ASK and WSV BU Neunkirchen.
That same year, Donawitz became part of Leoben but WSV kept its name.
Weber was born in Hong Kong.
Both of her parents are French natives.
She danced from an early age.
She performed ballet, jazz, contemporary, and hip hop.
Metre is the way the rhythm is replicated, usually written down as a time signature.
Music is divided into parts of time called measures (they're divided by vertical lines on written music), and the basic unit of division in the measure is a beat.
Peter Palmer Ekeh (August 8, 1937 - November 17, 2020), simply known as Peter Ekeh, was a Nigerian sociologist and university teacher.
He was a professor, the chairman of the Department of Political Science at the University of Ibadan (1978-1983) and the chairman of the Ibadan University Press (1983-1988).
He was the President and founding chairman of the Urhobo Historical Society, which he founded in 1999 and through which Urhobo culture and history have been studied and preserved.
He was also the founder of the Nigerian Scholars for Dialogue.
He was recognized globally as a seasoned writer, with many highly respected books and articles to his credit.
His 1975 article: Colonialism and the Two Publics in Africa: A Theoretical Statement is one of the most cited works in the field of African, political and sociological studies in several universities all over the world.
As the Ottoman army settled into position, the Austrian garrison launched sorties to disrupt the digging and mining of tunnels below the city's walls by Ottoman sappers, in one case almost capturing Ibrahim Pasha.
The defending forces detected and successfully detonated several mines that had been intended to breach the walls.
On 6 October, 8,000 men were dispatched to attack the Ottoman mining operations.
They succeeded in destroying many of the tunnels, but they sustained heavy losses when the confined space hindered their return to the city.
Rites, choreography, games, epic poems, religious folklore; stories, traditional culture, mythology.
- Songs of my folk / Compiler of the Musical Literary Species Collection - F.A.
Kildiyarova; scientific ed., comp.
literary part, auth.
intro.
Art., comment.
and classification - F.A.
Nadrshina; music ed.
- F.
A.
Faizova.
- Ufa: Song, 1995.
- 183 p..
- Bashkort Folk songs, songs-legends /Author-compiler F.
A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Kitap, 1997.
– 288 с.
- Bashkort Folk Legends / Author-compiler F.
A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Kitap, 2007.
– p.
468 .
- Bashkir-English-Russian dictionary of adequate proverbs and sayings / Auth.-comp.
F.
Nadrshina, E.
M.
Zubairova [Sozinova].
- Ufa: Kitap, 2002.
- 160 p.
- Ural batur.
Bashkort Folk Epic /Project, intro.
Art., preparation of texts - F.
A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Informreklama, 2003.
- 465 p.
16 p.
ill.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol.
Volume One: Legends / Project, comp., scientific.
Ed., entry.
Art.
and comment.
– F.A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 536 p.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol.
Volume Two: Epic, Songs and Baits / Project, comp., scientific.
Ed., entry.
Art.
and comment.
– F.A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 312 p.
- Bashkort Folk Epic Stories / Author-comp.
- F.A.
Nadrshina.
- Ufa: Kitap, 2010.
- 280 p..
- The Treasures of the Ancient Urals /Aut.-stat.
F.
A.
Nadrshina, E.
M.
Sozinova.
- Ufa: Kitap, 2019.
264 p.
He made his debut for Austria in 1992.
He played 6 matches and scored one goal.
His final international game was on 18 March 1997 in a friendly match against Slovenia.
Baskir folklore is the spoken folk art of the Bashkir people.
These are songs, fairy tales, legends, epic poetry, and proverbs.
The creators and of Bashkir folklore are folk singers, story tellers, and folk dancers.
Samrau — a mythological bird in Bashkir folklore.
the image of the Simurgh in Iranian mythology.
According to V.
S.
Mavletov, the country of Samrau is an ideal society to which every nation wants.
In the country of Samrau, everyone is equal, no one oppresses anyone, does not touch another, everyone works for the common good, no one wants to get rich, they live according to the laws of brothers.
If someone breaks the rules, people having agreed among themselves, exile out of the country.
Samrau rules his kingdom as if there no king in the country.
U.
Sh.
Atangulov explains the influence of the epic on the Bashkir people.
Ural-batyr (Bash.
Ural batyr) is a Bashkir folk epic poem.
It is a very important piece of Bashkir writing.
The central place in the epic is the topics of life and death, immortality, the struggle of Good and bad.
The epic poetry contains of 4,576 poetic and 19 prose lines.
The composition is divided into 3 parts.
In 1968, the epic was published in the Bashkir magazine Agidel.
In 1972, the epic was published in a multi -volume compilation of Bashkir folk art.
There are several translations of the epic into Russian - by literal translation and poetic.
The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
The Sportvereinigung Braunau was a football club from the Upper Austrian district capital of Braunau am Inn.
On 31 January 2002, the club went bankrupt was dissolved .
From the 1993/94 season until the club was dissolved, the club played eight and a half seasons in the second-rate First Division.
At the end of 2000 Braunau could not pay the players' salaries for a long time.
On 30 January 30 the club stopped playing and was finally was dissolved.
The league was then played to the end with nine clubs, and all SVB games in the second half of the season were scored 0:3 for the other team.
Right now, scientists say at least 30 living species are in this genus.
Brown, et al.
(2015) say there may be more, 50-60 species, because scientists have not written papers about all of them yet.
Brown et al.
(2015) moved many species in Platymantis into a new genus, Cornufer.
They kept all the frogs that living in the Philippines in Platymantis.
Starting from July 2023, Metro has made it easier for people to pay for their trips using a TAP card.
They have replaced their 1-Day, 7-Day, and 30-Day passes with something called fare capping.
This means that passengers will never have to pay more than $5 (for up to 3 rides) in a day or $18 (for up to 11 rides) within seven days.
To benefit from fare capping, you need to use the same TAP card every time you ride.
Once you reach the 1-day or 7-day fare cap, you can travel for free.
Fares for students, seniors, disabled, or low-income people are even cheaper.
The graph below shows the different fare types and their prices.
Most people in Zolitude speak Russian.
It was a tragedy in 2013 in Zolitude.
The roof of a Maxima shopping centre collapsed.
Fifty-four people died.
The Hessdalen Lights is an enigma.
It is a mysterious light either white, red, or yellow appearing somewhere.
Their origin is unknown, and originates from Norway.
He made his debut for Austria in an October 1991 UEFA Euro 1992 qualification match against Northern Ireland and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He played 4 matches.
His last international was a May 1996 friendly match against the Czech Republic.
He worked as goalkeeper coach for First Vienna FC , 1.
Simmeringer SC , 1.
SV Wiener Neudorf, SKN St.
Pölten and SKU Amstetten .
At present he is goalkeeper coach of the Austrian U15 national team.
Tha Tha Thabungton (; ) is an old Meitei-language bedtime song.
Uzoechi Osisioma Uzo Emenike (born 9 November 1994), better known by his stage name MNEK, is a British singer, songwriter, and record producer.
He has been nominated for a Grammy and a Brit Award.
He received the ASCAP Vanguard Award.
His writing and productions credits include Madonna, Jax Jones, Dua Lipa, KSI, Zara Larsson, Christina Aguilera, and many others.
Dionys Schönecker (29 April 1888 - 14 September 1938) was an Austrian football player, coach and official at SK Rapid Vienna.
Six's Maximum and Minimum thermometer is a thermometer that can show the maximum and minimum temperatures of a time period.
British scientist James Six invented it in 1780.
The same basic design is still in use.
It is made of a U-shaped glass tube with two separate temperature scales.
There is a scale on each arm of the U.
One is for recording the maximum temperature and the other for the minimum temperature.
The arms of the U-shaped tube end in sealed glass bulbs.
The bulb at the top of the minimum reading scale arm is full of alcohol, the other tube contains a vacuum (or low pressure alcohol vapour).
In many fairy tales, a brave and strong young man defeats Azhdakha.
He cuts off the monster's heads.
Akbuzat is a Bashkir folk epic.
The main character of the epic is the winged horse Akbuzat.
The epic Akbuzat is included in the cycle of fairy tales about the Ural Batyr.
The story is based on the real world.
The plot is based on the real world and the dream of a happy future.
This epic is a heroic genre.
The main theme is the battle for the happiness of people and for right.
The character of the epic is Khauban.
Khauban in the underwater kingdom is looking for a stolen horse with wings Akbuzat and a diamond sword.
He kills the Azhdakha and destroys the underwater kingdom.
He frees the winged horse Akbuzat from slavery.
The children of the Akbuzat horse still serve people.
Modern Hebrew is classified as an Afroasiatic language of the Semitic family, the Canaanite branch of the North-West semitic subgroup.
Private Malaga airport transfers: If you prefer, you can also pre-book with a private Malaga airport transfer company, It's always a good idea to read reviews and compare prices before booking a private transfer.
That way, you can find a company that meets your needs and fits your budget.
Overall, Malaga Airport is a contemporary, well-equipped facility that serves as a handy entry point to the Costa del Sol region.
Big Blue Bubble was began in 2004 by Damir Slogar, as well as with Renata Slogar.
They got their start by making casual, and mobile games.
After moving away from making mobile games, they returned to doing so.
They based mobile games off of a freemium strategy.
This return to mobile caused Big Blue Bubble to focus more on older mobile games they made in the past.
Taltali () is an upazila of Barguna District in Barisal division of Bangladesh.
People lived there in Roman times.
Originally, the settlement was a Roman fort (known as an oppidum).
The name of the oppidum was Julia Libica.
A dipeptide is a kind of organic compound (and therefore a kind of molecule).
A dipeptide is made up of only two amino acids: one amino acid on each side of a peptide bond.
A dipeptide can be made from two different amino acids or by two amino acids of the same kind.
A peptide bond will be in between the two amino acids.
The costs for the stadium were 65 million euros.
With other facilities (e.g.
offices, training grounds or day restaurant) it would be 85 million euros.
With the additional facilities (e.g.
offices, training grounds or day restaurant) it would be 85 million euros.
Due to the increase in the cost of building materials the exact costs will only be known after completion.
Right next to the stadium is the TipsArena Linz multi-purpose hall with a six-lane, 200 m synthetic track and a maximum of 8,755 seats.
There was a drought in 1972 and 1973 that lead to the death of about 13% of animals in the northeastern part of Nigeria and also an annual agricultural yield loss of about 50%.
The rainfall trend between 1960 and 1990 in northeast Nigeria steadily declined by about 8 mm/year.
Some promising artists died young and were called the 'Sick Generation'.
Manuel Colmeiro was another artist who traveled a lot.
After the war, he went into exile in Argentina, where he created murals in Galerías Pacífico.
In exile, he interacted with artists like Seoane, Dieste, and Alberti.
He moved to Paris in 1949 and in 1989 he returned to Galicia.
In the 60s, he had exhibitions in London and won several awards in the 80s.
He died in Salvaterra de Minho in 1999 at the age of 98.
His daughter Elena Colmeiro was also an artist, specializing in sculpture and ceramics.
The renewal of art influenced the next generation of Galician artists, called by some Segundos Renovadores.
The exiles participated in drawing, painting, murals, architecture, typography and ceramics.
Artists such as Seoane, the Granell brothers, Mallo and others found a great echo in the internal exile.
Bello Piñeiro, promoter of the Sargadelos pottery, founded upon their return to Galicia by Luis and Maruxa Seoane and Díaz Pardo among others.
The rulers of Armenia under the Sasanians (as province, known as the Persarmenia), Rashidun, Umayyad and Abbasid (as autonomous, known as the Arminiya) caliphates.
The Bagratid Armenia was an independent Armenian state established by Ashot I Bagratuni of the Bagratuni dynasty in the early 880s following nearly two centuries of foreign domination of Greater Armenia under Arab Umayyad and Abbasid rule.
The Armenian Kingdom (starting of an principality) of Cilicia was an Armenian state formed during the High Middle Ages by Armenian refugees fleeing the Turcoman invasion of the Armenia.
Located outside the Armenian Highlands and distinct from the Kingdom of Armenia of antiquity or medieval.
A supergroup is a musical group whose members are successful as solo artists or as members of other successful groups.
The term became popular in the late 1960s for when members of already successful rock groups to recorded albums together, after which they normally disband.
Charity supergroups, in which prominent musicians perform or record together in support of a particular cause, have been common since the 1980s.
The term is most common in rock and pop music, but it has occasionally been applied to other musical genres.
For example, opera superstars The Three Tenors (José Carreras, Plácido Domingo, and Luciano Pavarotti) have been called a supergroup.
All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe except as noted.
Hans Walter Frankenstein (* 1893 ; † after 1940) was an Austrian football player and referee.
Unlimited Tomorrow is an Rhinebeck-based American company that manufactures low-cost, high-quality robotic limbs.
TrueLimb is a bionic arm and it was launched in 2020.
Spelaeophryne methneri is a species of frog in the family Brevicipitidae.
It is the only species in the genus Spelaeophryne.
It lives in Tanzania.
Scientists think it might live in Malawi too but they are not sure.
The band started playing together in Garrity's garage in the Phoenix community of Ahwatukee in early 2003.
Burhan Çaçan (17 October 1960, Ağrı - 12 January 2023, Istanbul) is a Turkish singer.
He first became known with his song Neden Geldim İstanbul'a (Why I Came to Istanbul) in 1994.
Stanley's warty frog (Callulina stanleyi) is a frog.
It lives in Tanzania.
It lives in the South Pare mountains.
People have seen it between 1920 and 2100 meters above sea level.
General John W.
Raymond (born April 30,1962) is a retired United States military officer.
He was in the United States Air Force from 1984 to 2019 when the United States Space Force was created and he became its first member and the first Chief of Space Operations.
Today, people also know her for playing Meg Masters in the television series Supernatural.
That series ran from 2005 to 2020.
Miner was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010.
Daniel Bernoulli (February 8, 1700 - March 8, 1782) was a Swiss mathematician and one of many famous mathematicians in the House of Bernoulli.
He is remembered for his mathematical applications to mechanics, especially fluid mechanics, as well as for his pioneering work in probability and statistics.
Bernoulli's scientific work is also studied in many schools around the world .
Gbenga Ogedegbe is a Nigerian American doctor whose mission is to bring healthcare into the diverse neighbourhoods of New York City to meet the unique health needs.
He is a Professor of Population Health and Medicine at New York University and he holds other medical positions in the country.
Gerhard Sturmberger ( 1 May 1940 in Klagenfurt, Carinthia -13 January 1990 in Klagenfurt, Carinthia) was an Austrian football player.
He played as defender.
Most of his active career he played for LASK.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
From 1973 to 1976 he played for SK Rapid Wien.
After that he played for smaller clubs in Upper Austria and Carinthia including his first club ASK Klagenfurt.
Rudolf Sabetzer (28 July 1934 – 25 July 1983) was an Austrian football midfielder.
He played for the Austrian national football team.
Most of his active career he spent with FK Austria Wien and LASK.
He started his career with SC Schwechat.
After seven years with Austria Wien he went on to LASK in Upper Austria.
There he won the championship and the Cup.
1966 he went back to Vienna and played for SC Schwechat.
After the relegation of Wacker he went to WSG Radenthein.
He debuted on 15 April 1956 in a 2-3 homeloss versus Brazil.
His last match was a 0-0 versus Russia on 16 May 1965.
Between this matches he only played one game.
In his 3 matches for the team he scored two goals.
Paul Kozlicek (22 July 1937, in Vienna, Austria – 26 November 1999, in Sevilla, Spain) was an Austrian football player.
This shows that Wang Zhenyi really believe in equality to.
Wang Zhenyi was strong, intelligent, and extraordinary.
She studied the movements of the sun, moon, and planets.
Wang also rewrote Mei Wending's Principles of Calculation to be more accessible to students learning multiplication and division.
Wang's ancestral home is in Anhui province, but her grandfather's family moved to Jiangning or present-day Nanjing.
She was very fond of reading when she was a child and was very clever.
Some people think silent reading can cause problems with thinking, but many schools still encourage it.
On February 5, the temperature changed in one of the train cars.
This caused fears of an explosion with the potential to disperse shrapnel as the fires continued to burn.
Although five cars containing vinyl chloride remained intact after the crash, the relief valve on one of the cars had malfunctioned.
Ohio Governor Mike DeWine activated the Ohio National Guard to assist local authorities in what he called a matter of life and death.
Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro ordered an evacuation in areas of Beaver County which bordered the site.
Officials in both states went door-to-door to evacuate residents.
The fire from the accident burned until February 5.
In this example, the document contains three key-value pairs, where the keys are `name`, `age`, and `email`, and the values are `John Smith`, `35` , respectively.
They are also used by people who are traveling in rural areas.
Some populations use huts during a diaspora, such as those on farms in the Amazon jungle.
His best know painting is called Work.
It is now in Manchester Art Gallery.
Olajide Fashikun, also known as Olajide Ayodeji Fashikun, was a Nigerian journalist who was arrested in November 2011 over his stories alleging corruption in the Nigerian Football Federation.
He was the editor of the National Accord Newspaper and the publisher of Gong News until his death in January 2019.
He was Nigeria's junior 200m winner and record holder in 1979.
He was the youngest player in Nigeria handball men national team that won the African Nations Cup in 1979.
He was the director, Sports Development and Marketing with the Nigeria Sports Development Fund Incorporated.
He was buried on Wednesday, 30 January 2019 in his hometown at Obbo-Aiyegunle in Ekiti Local Government Area of Kwara State, Nigeria.
He was survived by an aged mother, wife and four children.
On 25 March 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe recognized Olajide Fashikun's contribution to sports development in Nigeria, describing him as a sports journalist who gave sports journalism a new definition.
Dheghom (Proto-Indo-European: *dʰéǵʰōm or *dʰǵʰōm; 'earth'), or Plethwih (PIE: *pleth₂wih₁, the 'Broad One'), is an Earth-goddess from Proto-Indo-European mythology.
The word for 'earth' in Proto-Indo-European is *dʰ(é)ǵʰōm.
This word is found in many different languages that come from Proto-Indo-European.
For example, it is in Albanian dhe and toka, Hittite tēkan and tagān, Sanskrit kṣám, Greek khthṓn, Latin humus, Avestan zam, Tocharian tkaṃ, Old Irish dú, Lithuanian žẽmė, and Old Slavonic zemlja.
This is why it is considered to be one of the most certain words we know from Proto-Indo-European..
However, there isn't much proof from language that the name *Dheghom was used for rituals.
In fact, she was also known by other names, such as *Pleth₂-wih₁ (the 'Broad One').
But these other names aren't found as much in the different languages that came from Proto-Indo-European.
Kalawila Vithanage Pasindu Kavinda Kumara is an Sri Lankan translator and the founder of Sri Lankan Language Research Center.
He is well known among the Sri Lankan people for the effort he done to make Sinhala language available to many platforms, including Facebook.
While conventional reportage and essay-writing often require the careful crafting of narrative flow, the building-block nature of the listicle lends itself to more rapid production.
It can also be a means of recycling information, as often it is the context, not the content, that is original.
For example, one can construct a listicle by adding captions to YouTube clips.
For these reasons, the form has come under criticism as a kind of cheap content-creation.
It's so easy you wonder why everyone doesn't do it until you realize that now it's all they do: Come up with an idea (Top 10 Worst [X]) on the L train ride to the office that morning, [and] slap together 10 (or 25, or 100) cultural artifacts ripe for the kind of snarky working over that won't actually tax you at all as a writer/thinker.
The Yadavas of the Mahabharata period were known to be the followers of Vaishnavism, of which Krishna was the leader: they were Gopas (cowherd) by profession, but at the same time they held the status of the Kshatriyas, participating in the battle of Kurukshetra.
The present Ahirs/Yadavs are also followers of Vaisnavism.
Narayani Sena (Gopayan) or Yadav(Ahir) Sena, the army of Lord Krishna of Dwarka Kingdom is called as the supreme sena of all time.
It is described in the Mahabharat as being all of the Abhira caste.
They were the basic threat to the rival kingdoms.
Fearing Narayani Sena, many kings do not tried fighting against Dwarka.
Because Dwarka sorted most of the threats through Krishna's politics and talent of Yadavas.
Using Narayani Sena, the Yadavas extended their empire to most of India.
Krishna had offered Arjuna, the choice of selection between him or his whole army of Narayani Sena against Duryodhana.
He possessed 10 million fighting Gopas who were brave fighters and were famous by the name of Narayan.
In Harivansa Purana, it has been said that Gopa or Yadav are generic of the same lineage.
Before the war started in the Kurukshetra battlefield in Mahabharat (one of the two major epics of ancient India), both sides – the Kauravas and the Pandavas started out in all directions to meet various kings to solicit support.
Incidentally, both Duryodhana (from Kauravas side) and Arjuna (from Pandavas side) reached Dwarika, the kingdom of Shree Krishna together.
Lord Krishna put forward a condition in front of both – you can have either me on your side or my entire army, the Yadav army – known as the Narayani Sena.
He also told both that he wouldn't take to any arms during the entire war.
So when Krishna first asked Arjun what he wanted, much to Duryodhana's delight, he opted for the Lord- 'Narayan' and Duryodhana got these great warriors of the strong army-the Narayani Sena.
When Narayani Sena was fighting for Kauravas, only Kritavarma and his army unit fought for the Kauravas.
Satyaki fought for the Pandavas.
The rest of the Atirathas and Maharathis were withheld from the Kurukshetra war on the advice of Balram and Krishna.
Rafael Alun Trisambodo (born in Yogyakarta 11 August 1967) is a former echelon III civil servant who most recently served as Head of the General Section of the DGT South Jakarta Regional Office.
He is known to have assets worth 56 billion rupiah which was revealed after the persecution case committed by his son.
Tolulope Arotile (December 13, 1995 - July 14, 2020), also known as Tolulope Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile, was Nigeria's first female combat helicopter pilot in the Nigerian Air Force.
She was credited with fighting against insecurity in the northern states of Nigeria.
On 29 July 2020, Isaiah Ogedegbe praised Arotile in his tribute, describing her as a young, brilliant, and brave lady with a promising future.
She attended Air Force Primary School, Kaduna from 2000 to 2005 and Air Force Secondary School, Kaduna from 2006 to 2011 before she later gained admission into the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna as a member of 64 Regular Course on 22 September 2012, where she got Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics.
a.
excluding Nenets Autonomous Okrug.
Agustín Magaldi Coviello (December 1, 1898 – September 8, 1938) was an Argentinian tango and milonga singer-songwriter.
His nickname was La voz sentimental de Buenos Aires (The sentimental voice of Buenos Aires).
Luxembourg has a continental climate.
Children's hospitals were started in the 19th century.
They were mostly quite small.
They did not usually care for babies.
They were mostly funded by donations.
In the 20th century doctors and nurses began to specialize in the care of children.
The death rate of children improved.
The Hôpital des Enfants Malades was the first in Europe, started in 1801.
On March 18, 2022, the EDE political party was formally and officially recognized by the Ministry of Justice and Public Security (MJSP).
On April 4, 2022, the Party benefited from the status of a legal person with the Haitian State represented by the General Directorate of Taxes (DGI).
Morrissey was the creator of the Living Enrichment Center in Oregon.
In 2004 she and her ex-husband made it public that they were in debt.
This made the news and Mary asked for forgiveness for leading her followers to take risks with their money.
She agreed to pay the government over 10 million dollars to settle the debt issue.
Morrissey later divorced her husband and, for the next 14 years, worked hard to pay her debt.
She paid all of it in 2018.
Relationships were important in Morrissey's teachings, speaking of male and female characters.
Over the years Morrissey wrote articles for newspapers and magazines, writing on relationships.
In her book, No Less Than Greatness: Finding Perfect Love in Imperfect Relationships, Morrissey wrote about relationship-building.(making friends) The book was taught worldwide.
Writer Gary Zukav called the book practical and inspiring, and writer Marianne Williamson wrote that the book should be every couple's friend(a guide for couples).
Robert LaCrosse wrote that No Less Than Greatness was a recommended resource in his book Learning From Divorce.
Writer Dennis Jones recommended the book in his 2008 book The Art of Being.
Morrissey used sentences from the Bible in her teaching, as well as the Talmud, the Tao Te Ching, Thoreau and others.
Wishing to show the New Thought movement in a simple nature, Morrissey wrote the book New Thought: A Practical Spirituality.
Published by Penguin in 2002, the book was made of short essays from 40 New Thought leaders.
The book was used for academic work: in the book Alternative Psychotherapies Jean Mercer referred to it as a key book for understanding the engagement with the spiritual world.
In Jones & Bartlett's 2009 book, Spirituality, Health, and Healing, authors Young and Koopsen wrote that Morrissey's New Thought was important for understanding the difference between the New Thought movement and New Age, writing that New Thought is not New Age.
Many research books, including Oxford University Press' Gurus of Modern Yoga, write that Morrissey's New Thought book was an important book in helping to understand the New Thought group.
Niederbacher played for Sturm Graz, SV Waregem, Paris Saint-Germain, Stade Reims, First Vienna, Rapid Wien, Vorwärts Steyr, LASK Linz, Pécsi Mecsek and DSV Leoben.
He managed different teams in lower Austrian classes.
He debuted for the Austrian national team on 28 March 1984 in a away loss versus France.
His last match was on 5 February 1988 versus Switzerland.
He played four matches for Austria.
Kishore Kumar (born Abhas Kumar Ganguly; ; 4 August 1929 – 13 October 1987) was an Indian playback singer and actor.
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest, most influential and dynamic singers in the history of Indian music.
Tracy Chapele, also known as Tracy Chapele-Ugo, is a Nigerian journalist who was credited with being the first Urhobo woman in Udu Kingdom to be given a chieftaincy title in 100 years.
In 2021, she attributed her achievement to God, saying, This tradition that I break is by the grace of God.
She belongs to the Urhobo people in Delta State, daughter of the late Chief Oletu Chapele, the Okugbe of Udu Kingdom.
She graduated from the University of Benin with a Bachelor's Degree in English and Literature.
On 25 March 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe recognized Tracy Chapele's contribution to sports development in Nigeria, describing her as one of Africa's best female Nigerian pidgin sports commentators.
Scream VI is a comedy of horror of 2023 the Slasher film is Ghostface with mask his teenage works so scary in Halloween was hired to direct and to write.
And the movie is was hired to direct in October 12, 2018 and was released in December 21, 2018.
Mary Ball Washington (30 November 170826 August 1789), was an English colonial American woman who was the second wife of Augustine Washington, a planter and iron ore miner.
Mary Ball Washington, and her husband were the parents of George Washington, the first president of the United States.
Mary Ball was born on November 30, 1708, as the only child of Colonel Joseph Ball (16491711) and his second wife, Mary Johnson Ball.
Joseph Ball immigrated to Virginia as a young child.
When Augustine Washington died on April 12, 1743, and when the couple's son, George Washington, inherited his father's property of 276 acres on Ferry Farm and eleven slaves, Mary managed the property for her son George until he became of legal age.
Rubble & Crew is a Canadian computer-animated children's television series and a Spin-off of Spin Master's PAW Patrol brand produced by Spin Master Entertainment with animation provided by Jam Filled Toronto.
Corus Entertainment.
also receives a production credit on the series.
American actor Paul Giamatti played a version of Aleksei Sytsevich who uses a rhinoceros-themed battle armor, similar to the character's Ultimate Marvel incarnation, in the 2014 movie The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
He will be played by Alessandro Nivola in the 2024 upcoming movie Kraven the Hunter, set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe.
Nkem Owoh (born on 7 February 1946) is a Nigerian actor, comedian and musician.
He is one of the A-list actors from Nigeria's film industry, Nollywood.
In 2008, he won the African Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his role in the Nigerian film, Stronger than Pain.
Since his debut in the comics, Blade has appeared in numerous media, such as in his own titular movies, TV series, and video games.
He was portrayed by Wesley Snipes and the Blade trilogy, Sticky Fingaz in live-action TV series, and by Mahershala Ali in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
The Hubble sequence is a morphological classification scheme for galaxies invented by Edwin Hubble in 1926.
To this day, the Hubble sequence is the most commonly used system for classifying galaxies, both in professional astronomical research and in amateur astronomy.
The use of numerical stages allows for more quantitative studies of galaxy morphology.
The period of human development – a concept derived from psychoanalysis, in which the leading role is given to the conscious actions of the individual under the influence of the environment.
Development is understood as an evolutionary process in which an individual achieves an increasingly higher level of integration through psychosocial crises.
It is accomplished by solving difficulties related to changes on the levels on which it takes place: biological, psychological and social.
Development is therefore the mutual adaptation of the individual and the environment.
Tibor Nyilasi (born 18 January 1955) is a Hungarian football player and manager.
He played for Ferencváros, FK Austria Wien and the Hungary national football team as striker.
He started his career with Ferencváros in 1972 .
He played 243 matches and scored 132 goals.
1983 he went on to Austria Wien in Austria for a fee of 500 000 €.
For Austria he played 179 matches and scored 120 goals.
Erich Obermayer (born 23 January 1953, in Wien) is a former Austrian football player.
Franz Czernicky (16 September 1902 – 16 June 1973), (also Franz Cernicky) was an Austrian football player and coach.
He played for SK Slovan Wien and Slavia Prague in the 1920s and 1930s .He also played once for the national team in 1927 .
During the 1932/33 championship season, he went to Franceto SC Fives.
The following season, the team finished as runners-up, just one point behind FC Sète.
In the next few years it was only enough for midfield places.
In the cup the team reached the semifinals twice.
In 1938 he ended his professional career.
During his time at Slavia he played in the Prague city team.
In Lille (Fives is a quarter of Lille) he was called up to the northern French regional team.
Bhatinda was changed to Bathinda to conform to the phonetical expression as locally pronounced.
According to Henry George Raverty, Bathinda was known as Tabar-i-Hind (Labb-ut-Twarikh) or Tabarhindh, which roughly translates as ‘Gateway to India’.
The earliest mention of Tabar-i-Hind occurs in the Jami-Ul-Hakayat written about 607 Hijri or 1211 AD.
In 1004, Mahmud of Ghazni besieged and captured the local fort, which was located on the route from the northwest into the rich Ganges valley.
The repertoire of the ensemble includes Bashkir dances 'Seven Girls', 'Gulnazira', 'Zarifa' and others.
The ensemble also performs dances of the peopl of Russia.
He was raised both in Lagos and Enugu.
He is the last of six children.
He got married at the age of 22.
He attended the University of Port Harcourt, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in Dramatic Arts.
He is married to May Aligwe and has 3 boys and a girl.
They are Kambilichukwu Leo Edochie, Dani Edochie, Karl Edochie and Victory Zane Chukwubuike Edochie.
It carried the 33-cm SPIRIT III infrared telescope and interferometer–spectrometer with solid hydrogen-cooled five line-scanned infrared focal plane arrays (rows).
In Sweden she stayed at first at a tourist hotel in Sälen, before travelling on to Stockholm where her parents and relatives lived.
Her presence in Sweden became problematic where some considered her presence to put Sweden's neutrality in jeopardy.
President Roosevelt then offered her a personal invitation to the United States.
Her uncle, King Gustav V of Sweden, telegraphed her father-in-law King Haakon and advised against the trip, but Märtha insisted on accepting the invitation.
Roosevelt sent the US Army transport to the then Finnish port city of Petsamo to pick her up.
In the U.S., she and her children initially stayed at the White House.
Crown Prince Olav, however, accompanied his father to the United Kingdom with the Norwegian government-in-exile.
Thus the Norwegian royal couple, like many other couples during that time, were separated for much of the war.
As King Haakon’s health declined, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess assumed a growing number of official engagements.
The Crown Princess became involved in many official tasks, and even made the annual New Year’s Eve speeches in 1946 and 1950.
Nordnorsk Kunstmuseum is a museum in Northern Norway.
The museum has many different artworks on display.
It first opened in 1985 and moved to its current location in Tromsø in 2001.
The building was first built to be a post and telegraph office in 1917.
It was then used as a police station in 1967.
At its highest, Taylor Swift was at number 14 on the Canadian Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by Music Canada (MC).
In the Australian Albums Chart, it reached number 33 in March 2010, and was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
It reached number 81 on the United Kingdom albums chart and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) because it sold more than 100,000 copies.
As of October 2022, the album had sold 198,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
It also appeared on the charts in New Zealand (number 38, at its highest point), Japan (53), Ireland (59) and Scotland (71).
Despite the importance of dialect variation within the Võro language, efforts have been made to promote a standard written form of the language, known as Võro kiil.
This standard form is based on the central dialect of Võru, and is used in written materials such as books, newspapers, and online publications.
However, many speakers of Võro continue to use their own regional dialect in everyday conversation, and there is a strong sense of pride in the diversity of dialects that make up this unique and vibrant language community.
The Countryliner company got involved in a Surrey County Council public inquiry which asked people what they thought about Countryliner.
Countryliner was in quite a lot of debt, so they paid it as much of it off to try and stop the company from closing.
Sadly, the company got closed because their buses had high M.O.T.
failures.
Countryliner's buses went to Sunray Travel when Sunray Travel started to drive service 479 Guildford-Epsom commercially.
Apache Hadoop is a collection of open-source software tools, that speeds up the processing of very large amounts of data by distributing it to multiple computers.
HDFS is also used for other projects such as the Apache NoSQL Wide Column Store, Apache HBase.
Trump became the first former U.S.
president to be indicted and to face criminal and felony charges.
He was the first president to be arrested since Ulysses S.
Grant was arrested in 1872.
The Chief of Space Operations is the highest ranking general of the United States Space Force.
John W.
Raymond was the first CSO from December 2019 to November 2022.
Princess Kako was born on 29 December 1994 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
Leopold Leo Lainer (born September 10, 1960) is a former Austria international footballer.
He played mainly for SV Austria Salzburg and SK Rapid Wien.
He made more than 500 appearances in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He started with his local club SK Maishofen.
From there he went to SV Austria Salzburg.
In 1982 he went on to SK Rapid Wien.
1988 he went to FC Wacker Innsbruck.
In 1990 he came back to Salzburg.
In 1996 he ended his professional career.
After that he played at amateur level for different clubs mainly around Salzburg (SV Gerasdorf, SV Seekirchen 1945, PSV/Schwarz-Weiß Salzburg, FC Bergheim, SV Bad Ischl ).
In 2005 his career ended.
Princess Josephine of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat (Josephine Sophia Ivalo Mathilda; born 8 January 2011) is a member of the Danish royal family.
She is the fourth and youngest child of King Frederik X and Queen Mary of Denmark, and the seventh grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and the late Prince Henrik.
She is the twin sister of Prince Vincent.
Walter Heitz was a German general served in World War Two.
He took part in Battle of Stalingrad commanding the German Army.
He was born in Berlin, German Empire on 8 Decemeber 1878.
Misskey and Mastodon are both distributed social networks based on ActivityPub.
But their programming languages and library are different.
Their APIs are not compatible.
Mastodon's ideology takes a critical attitude to centralized SNSs such as Twitter and Facebook.
Zhangixalus has frogs that seem not to be related to other frogs: Z.
achantharrhena, Z.
dulitensis, and Z.
prominanus.
They are different from other Zhangixalus frogs: they have folds in their skin by their legs and tarsal projections.
Scientists are not sure these species really should be in Zhangixalus.
Tainan Shrine () , was a Shinto shrine built by the Empire of Japan in Taiwan.
It was associated with imperialism and State Shinto rather than local belief in Shintoism.
The shrine was founded in 1920 and expanded in 1925.
Its main deity was Prince Kitashirakawa., who died of malaria during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan.
He was enshrined in many shrines across Taiwan, including the Taiwan Grand Shrine.
The Kan-sha system, which referred to official government shrines, had two subcategories - Kanpei-sha, also known as government shrines, and Kokuhei-sha, which were national shrines..
The Kanpei-taisha were the most highly ranked shrines in Japan that were officially designated by the government.
There were 67 shrines that held this status, which were closely associated with the imperial family.
These shrines were considered to be of great historical and cultural significance, and were often visited by members of the imperial family as well as the general public.
There were five shrines that had the lowest rank among the Imperial shrines, and they were known as Kanpei-shōsha (官幣小社).
After the creation of the officially ranked Imperial shrines, another group of special shrines known as Bekkaku kanpeisha (別格官幣社) was established.
These shrines were not included in the ranking system of the Imperial shrines, but they were still considered to be of imperial status.
There are 50 nationally significant shrines that are classified as Kokuhei Shōsha, which are the lowest ranked shrines in the modern system of ranked Shinto shrines.
Metropolitan shrines were known as .
Prefectural shrines were known as .
At a later date, the Prefectural shrines were classed together with the Metropolitan shrines as Metropolitan and Prefectural Shrines or .
District shrines were known as .
Village shrines were known as and ranked below their respective District shrines, in accordance with the District Shrine Law of 4 July 1871.
Small local shrines known as are ranked beneath the village shrines, in accordance with the District Shrine Law of 4 July 1871.
At a later date, shrines beneath the rank of Village shrines were classed as Ungraded shrines or .
The primary shrines of the Gion faith are Yasaka Shrine located in Kyoto and Hiromine Shrine in Hyogo Prefecture..
This Shrine is on the peak of Mount Chokai.
It was built in 564 in the reign of Emperor Kinmei.
It looks like an ordinary cabin on the outside The shrine is rebuilt once every 20 years, it was rebuilt in 1997.
Kannabi can have sacred trees called shinboku or rocks called Iwakura.
Kannabi may also have shimenawa, torii gates, and sandō which show the way to them.
The Azumi people created the shrine.
Along the Kaido, some megaliths have carvings related to Buddhism, while others have legends associated with them, such as the tale of a famous samurai who bridged horses.
The Iwakura Gakkai research group believes that the worship of rock formations and megaliths can be traced back to the Jomon period.
They argue that some rock formations were artificially arranged to represent certain figures, directions, or even the shape of a constellation.
However, the Iwakura Society disputes this view, stating that the Iwakura ritual did not begin until the Kofun period.
Additionally, there is criticism of the idea that megaliths are human-made artifacts.
In general, a tadakushi refers to a branch that has been cut down to be offered to the gods, while a sacred tree is a tree that is still rooted in the earth and worshipped by many people.
Yahata, which was originally pronounced as hachiman in ancient Shinto, is a syncretic deity in Japanese religion.
He is associated with archery and war, and is a combination of both Shinto and Buddhist beliefs.
She also has a foundation which she has sung and prepared events for in Uruguay since 2010.
The buildings in the shrine are decorated with Borromean rings.
These rings represent the three rings, which is significant because the word Miwa is written using the kanji for and .
During the Genpei War, there was fighting in and around Ikuta Shrine.
This battle, known as the Battle of Ichi-no-Tani, is commemorated by markers in the forest behind the shrine.
However, the shrine's land was much larger in the past, before the city of Kobe was built around it.
Because of this, the exact locations of battles and other events can no longer be marked on the shrine's property.
In later years, the kami's animal familiar became a common symbol of the kami itself.
For instance, the fox at Inari shrines was worshipped as a manifestation of the kami.
These creatures were thought to be extraordinary spiritual beings, and this perception, combined with their relationship with the specific kami, likely gave rise to this phenomenon.
There is a path that has 2,446 stone steps leading to its summit.
The mountain has 600-year-old trees, and along the way to the top, you will see famous landmarks like the Gojūnotō five-story pagoda, Grandpa cedar (jijisugi 爺杉), a 1000-year-old cedar tree, and many shrines.
The steps and the pagoda are important and are listed as National Treasures.
At the summit of the mountain is the Sanjingōsaiden shrine (三神合祭殿), which honors the spirits of all three mountains.
Alexia grew up in exile and was raised in between Rome and London.
Before her education at the Hellenic College of London, she attended the Miss Surtee’s School for Boys and Girls in Rome, Italy.
After Hellenic College, she went to the Froebel College of the Roehampton Institute, a division of the University of Surrey, in 1985 and took a BA in History and Education in 1988.
According to legend, a three legged crow, a sacred crow, was sent to observe the evil deeds of a being with long arms.
The raven would make a sound of Yes to signal the appearance of the being and Muya when it did not appear.
This is said to be why the Misaki Pass at the base of the mountain is called Yuyamuya no Seki.
According to the Kojiki, Kotoshironushi is the son of Ōkuninushi, who is the earthly deity of Izumo province in Japan.
When the heavenly deities sent Takemikazuchi to conquer Izumo, Ōkuninushi left the decision of whether to resist to his two sons.
Kotoshironushi, who was fishing at the time of Takemikizuchi's arrival, agreed to accept the rule of the heavenly gods, surrendered his spear, and left Izumo.
On the other hand, his brother Takeminakata fought against Takemikazuchi and was defeated.
The Kremser Sportclub is an Austrian football club from the city of Krems in Lower Austria.
They play in the Regionalliga Ost.
The club colors are black and white.
In Japanese, o- (お) is often added to the front to make the word omikoshi (お神輿).
This prefix is used to show respect or politeness, and is commonly added to words that are considered important or sacred.
However, both Congress and Muslim league rejected this proposal for different reasons.
Komainu statues strongly resemble Chinese guardian lions and were originally from the Tang dynasty in China.
Chinese guardian lions are thought to have been inspired by pelts of Asiatic lions and depictions of lions that were brought through trade from the Middle East or India.
The lion was a symbol of strength in those countries.
As the symbol traveled along the Silkroad, it changed and took on a unique appearance.
The first lion statue in India was made around the 3rd century BC and was placed on top of a column by King Ashoka.
Later, this tradition arrived in China where it developed into the guardian lion that was later exported to Korea, Japan, and Okinawa.
According to , Xunzi's ideas are more aligned with Confucius than Mencius.
Confucius believed that people are born with the potential to become good, but they still need to learn and cultivate themselves to reach their full potential.
This is different from Mencius' belief that everything necessary for self-improvement is already within oneself.
Syntheism can be described as a response to the absence of atheistic and pantheistic belief systems in Western cultures, which are more prevalent in Eastern cultures.
Many forms of Buddhism are all Eastern belief systems that embody these concepts.
Epicureanism is an example of a Western philosophy that does incorporate some of these ideas, but overall they are not as widely represented in Western culture..
There is a big international Facebook community for Syntheism, which has over 1,500 members.
The website of Syntheism has a blog, information about holy festivals, and links to media and other resources.
In Sweden, there is a community of over 700 members who have organized various local events..
Syntheism is a belief system that considers the traditional division between theism and atheism in theology as outdated and no longer relevant for fulfilling contemporary and future spiritual needs.
In order to address these needs, Syntheism acknowledges that all metaphysical beliefs ultimately revolve around a man-made focal point or divinity.
As a result, all religious beliefs - both existing and those that may emerge in the future - are created by humans.
This includes philosophical systems like Individualism, which were developed by thinkers such as René Descartes and Immanuel Kant)..
Kamuyaimimi-no-Mikoto, also known as 神八井耳命 in Japanese, is a character in Japanese mythology.
He was one of the three brothers born to Emperor Jimmu and his wife Himetataraisuzu-hime.
Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto is a Shinto group that combines Confucian and Shinto beliefs.
It is sometimes referred to as Tsuchimikado Shinto.
Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto was created by Abe no Seimei in the 900s and was influenced by Onmyodo.
It has strong connections to the Abe clan.
The , used to be a government agency in Japan.
It was part of the Ministry of the Interior's foreign bureau.
The institute's main goal was to make Shintoism more respected in the Empire of Japan.
It was responsible for managing shrines and was the center of Shintoism until the end of World War II.
Mitamaya altars are not as commonly found in Japanese households as their Buddhist counterpart, the butsudan, because Buddhist funeral rites are more commonly practiced in Japan.
Mitamaya altars are considered less valuable than kamidana altars, which are highly respected in Japanese culture.
UGC 12591 is a spiral galaxy located about 400 million light years away from the Earth in the constellation Pegasus.
Also, it is the spiral galaxy with the highest known rotational speed of about 500 km/s, almost twice the rotational speed of our galaxy, the Milky Way.
The high rotational speed means the galaxy must be very massive at the center; the galaxy has a mass estimated at 4 times that of the Milky Way, making it the third most massive known spiral galaxy after ISOHDFS 27 and J2345-0449.
The Department of Divinities, also known as Jingi-kan, was a part of the Japanese Imperial bureaucracy established in the 8th century under the ritsuryō reforms.
While Daijō-kan handled secular administrative affairs, Jingi-kan oversaw all matters related to Shintō, particularly of kami worship..
This included overseeing kami-related affairs at court and provincial shrines, coordinating the provinces' ritual practices with those in the capital, and performing rites for the celestial and terrestrial deities based on a code called jingi-ryō.
Sakatsura Isosaki Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture.
It used to be a Myojin Taisha and now it is a Beppyo Shrine.
In modern times, Watarimori Shrine is said to enshrine Sarutahiko-no-kami and Funatama-no-mikoto.
The shrine was originally located in Gojihira Village or Tomonoseki-cho and was moved to its current location during the Keicho era (1596-1615) as a precinct shrine of Gion Shrine.
In the Meireki era (1655-1658), the main shrine was rebuilt by the feudal lord Katsutada Mizuno.
Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is the deity enshrined at Kamo Wake-ikazuchi-jinja Shrine (also known as Kamigamo-jinja Shrine), and is worshipped at Kamo-jinja Shrines located in different areas.
Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is not mentioned in the Kojiki and Nihon Shoki, the oldest known historical chronicles of Japan.
However, in the Kamo no Honchi document from the Muromachi period, Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is identified with Ajisukitakahikone no kami, who is mentioned in the Kojiki and Nihonshoki.
According to a passage from the Yamashiro no Kuni Fudoki, Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is described as follows: Tamayori-hime, who is also worshipped at Shimogamo Shrine, was the daughter of Kamo Takekakumi no Mikoto, who is the enshrined deity at Kamo-mioya-jinja Shrine.
One day, Tamayori-hime was playing in the Semi no Ogawa (Kamo River) in Ishikawa when she saw a tannuri arrow floating down the river.
In the past, Tadasu no Mori was a large virgin forest spanning about 4,950,000 square meters.
However, due to wars that occurred during the Middle Ages and a decree issued in the 4th year of the Meiji era, the forest was reduced to its current size of approximately 124,000 square meters..
Humans also directly disturb the forest vegetation in shrine precincts.
Non-native plants are often planted within the area.
When a tree falls in the forest, the gap created by the fall is often filled by planting cedar or cypress, which is not necessarily the original vegetation of the area.
Historical records show that forest resources within the precincts were utilized in advanced ways as early as the early modern period..
TRAPPIST-1f, also known as 2MASS J23062928-0502285 f, is an exoplanet, likely rocky but under a massive water-steam gaseous envelope at very high pressure and temperature, orbiting within the habitable zone around the ultracool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1 40 light-years (12 parsecs) away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius.
The exoplanet was found by using the transit method, in which the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured.
Helmut Köglberger (12 January 1946 – 23 September 2018) was an Austrian professional footballer.
He played as a striker.
He represented the Austria national football team.
On 5 September 1965, Köglberger made his debut for the national team against Hungary.
His last match was on 10 November 1976 versus Greece.
He made a total of 28 appearances, scored 6 goals and also was captain of the team.
Adolf Blutsch (born 18 August 1940 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player and coach.
As a midfielder he won championships with FK Austria Wien and Linzer ASK.
He started his professional career with FK Austria Wien.
1961 to 1962 he played in Australia for Hakoah Sydney.
After a short time with Austria again he moved to LASK.
He there was part of the team which won, as first team outside of Vienna, the Championship.
This was followed by one-year engagements at the Wiener Sport-Club, Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz, FC Wacker Innsbruck and again in Bregenz.
From 1969 to 1973 he played three seasons at SV Austria Salzburg.
He then played again for a year at Bregenz before retiring after relegation in 1973/74 with FC Vorarlberg.
He appeared in 252 games in Austria's top division and scored 18 goals.
Heijō Shrine (平壌神社, Heijō jinja) was a Shinto shrine located in Pyongyang while Korea was under Japanese colonial rule.
The shrine was named after the Japanese name for Pyongyang.
It was built in 1913 and ceased to exist after 1945.
The shrine's main festival was celebrated every year on October 2nd.
Ryutosan Shrine was Shinto Shrine in Busan during the Japanese occupation of Korea.
The enshrined deities were Amaterasu Omikami and Kunitama Omikami .
Motettu de tristura (Sardinian language; sad ditty) is a traditional Sardinian folk song composed by an anonymous author and rewritten by Luciano Berio for voice (mezzo-soprano), flute, clarinet, harp, percussion, viola and cello.
In the beginning, sacred locations were likely marked with only a fence surrounding the area and a torii gate, at the entrance.
Afterwards, temporary structures resembling modern portable shrines were built to receive the deities at the holy site.
As time passed, the temporary structures used to welcome the gods evolved into permanent structures that were dedicated solely to the gods.
Ancient shrines were constructed in different styles such as dwellings (for example, Izumo Taisha) or storehouses (for example, Ise Grand Shrine).
The royal family started supporting the shrine in the Heian period.
In 965, Emperor Murakami of Japan issued an order to send Imperial messengers, known as heihaku, to report significant events to the guardian kami (deities) of the country.
Initially, these heihaku were presented to 16 shrines, and later in 991, Emperor Ichijō added three more shrines to the list, including Yoshida Shrine.
During the Hōnensai or Hounen Matsuri festival, the phallus is symbolized as 'heaven' and the female yin as 'earth'.
The festival serves as a prayer for abundant harvests of the five grains through the blessings of heaven and the moistening of the earth, as well as for blessings of children.
The festival is held in spring, which also represents the birth of new life, further emphasizing the connection between fertility, agriculture, and the cycle of life in this indigenous belief system.
In Inuyama City, there is another festival called Hounen Matsuri (or Ososo Matsuri) at Ōagata jinja.
This festival includes floats shaped like a vulva, which complement the phallic-shaped mikoshi used in the festival.
Confucian Shinto is a Japanese religious tradition.
It started in Japan during a time called the Edo period.
This was from 1603 to 1868.
It mixes parts of Confucianism and Shinto.
Confucianism is a Chinese way of thinking and acting.
Shinto is the original religion of Japan.
Some people also call Confucian Shinto Neo-Confucian Shinto.
This is because it uses parts of Confucian teachings in Shinto beliefs and ways.
Lada and Lado are slavic pseudodeities.
The described statue was supposed to be destroyed by Prince Lothair.
Bothe's information was spread all across Europe and many people drew Flins.
He played 14 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 3 goals.
His first appearance was on 19 November 1958 in a 2-2 against Germany.
His last match was on 11 October 1964 in a 1-0 against Russia.
Leopold Grausam (29 June 1943 – 8 September 2023) was an Austrian retired footballer.
He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as striker.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
In 1970 he moved to FC Wacker Innsbruck for a season and won his fourth championship title.
Internationally, he made a name for himself when he scored the winning goal in the 1-0 win over Real Madrid in the European Cup Winners' Cup.
After another season at Linzer ASK, Leopold Grausam ended his career in the Swiss National League A with FC Grenchen and in the Austrian Regional League East with SV Rechnitz.
Through its subdivisions, the ministry informs the public about economic and social activities in Nepal, while promoting democratic culture through ensuring the freedom of expression and the right to information of the People of Nepal.
When he was appointed as bishop of Utrecht in 900, the city was in ruins after a number of Norman raids.
Buddhashanti () is a rural municipality (gaunpalika) out of seven rural municipality located in Jhapa District of Koshi Province of Nepal.
There are a total of 15 municipalities in Jhapa in which 8 are urban and 7 are rural.
James Dunlop FRSE (31 October 1793 – 22 September 1848) was a Scottish astronomer, noted for his work in Australia.
He was employed by Sir Thomas Brisbane to work as astronomer's helper at his private observatory, once located at Paramatta (now named Parramatta), New South Wales, about west of Sydney during the 1820s and 1830s.
Dunlop was mostly a visual observer, doing stellar astrometry work for Brisbane, and after its completion, then independently discovered and catalogued many new telescopic southern double stars and deep-sky objects.
He later became the Top-level manager of Paramatta Observatory when it was finally sold to the New South Wales Government.
Chandel or Chandela were the tribe of Gond origin that for some centuries ruled Bundelkhand in north-central India and fought against the early Muslim invaders.
they were feudatories of the Pratiharas.
Hakuto-R Mission 1 Launched on a Falcon 9 Rocket on December 11, 2022.
Sunsari District is one of 14 districts in Koshi Province of Nepal.
The district is in the eastern part of the Outer Terai.
It covers an area of .
The 2001 Nepal census () was conducted by the Nepal Central Bureau of Statistics.
According to the census, the population of Nepal in 2001 was 23,151,423.
Gabriel Christian Gabe Brown (born February 22, 1990), is an American-Canadian YouTuber, singer-songwriter, producer, voice actor, animator, and U.S.
Navy veteran.
The village is an important centre in the municipality and region.
The Sámi Parliament of Norway is located in the village.
It acts as an institution that protects cultural autonomy for the indigenous Sámi in Norway.
The Old Karasjok Church and the newer Karasjok Church are located in the village.
The newer church is also the seat of the Indre Finnmark prosti (deanery) of the Church of Norway.
Hans-Gerd Schildt (born 12 June 1952) is a former German football player.
After the end of his career he became football manager.
He played in Germany for different clubs among them Werder Bremen and Borussia Dortmund.
In Austria he played for SV Austria Salzburg.
Schildt played for Bremerhaven 93 until 1973.
Then he moved to Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen.
On the first day of the 1973/74 season he made his debut in the Bundesliga .
Schildt scored the 1-0 lead in the 30th minute and his first Bundesliga goal.
He played in 20 games and scored 3 goals in his only Bundesliga season with Werder.
Schildt then moved to Borussia Dortmund in the new 2nd Bundesliga.
With Borussia he played in the northern season in the 2nd division.
In his second year (1975/76) he was runner-up behind Tennis Borussia Berlin.
Borussia qualified for the relegation games for promotion to the Bundesliga against the runner-up in the southern season of the 2nd Bundesliga, 1.
FC Nuremberg.
Schildt played in both relegation games over the full length and was promoted with Borussia to the Bundesliga.
He then moved to Arminia Bielefeld and played again in the 2nd Bundesliga North.
With Arminia he was champion in the 2nd league North.
Schildt stayed a year He then moved to Austria Salzburg.
With Austria he played in the Austrian Bundesliga until 1985.
In 1985 he ended his professional career.
Nama has a subject–object–verb word order, three noun classes (masculine/gu-class, feminine/di-class and neuter/n-class) and three grammatical numbers (singular, dual and plural).
Pronominal enclitics are used to mark person, gender, and number on the noun phrases.
Rudolf 'Rudi' Flögel (born 13 December 1939) is an Austrian former professional footballer.
He played most of the time as a striker for Rapid Vienna.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
The series' first book is I Will Not Ever Never Eat a Tomato, published by Orchard Books in 2000.
The U.S.
edition was published in the same year by Candlewick Press, with the title: I Will Never NOT EVER Eat a Tomato.
Josef Adelbrecht (8 January 1910 – 15 September 1941) was an Austrian football player at the position of a striker.
After a year and a half abroad, Josef Adelbrecht returned to Vienna in January 1936 .
Then he played for FK Austria Wien for a season and a half.
In 1937 he moved to SK Rapid Wien.
This season he was able to become Austrian champion for the third time with Rapid.
In the years that followed, the striker played a few more games for Austro Fiat, Red Star Vienna and Floridsdorfer AC .
The 1924 United States presidential election occurred on November 4, 1924.
It was the 35th election in the history of the United States.
The election was won by incumbent President Calvin Coolidge, who had been president since the death of Warren G.
Harding in 1923.
Geza Gallos (7 September 1948 – 3 November 2013) was an Austrian footballer He played as a forward.
Gallos played for different teams in Austria.
He played most matches for SK Rapid Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Since 2015 ASV Neufeld has organized the international Geza Gallos commemorative tournament for youth teams every year.
Jörn Bjerregaard (born 19 January 1943) is a retired Danish footballer and coach.
In the 1971/72 season he had problems with the new coach Ernst Hlozek.
So he went to SC Eisenstadt.
After 23 goals in his first season for Eisenstadt, he played as midfielder the following year .
At the age of 32 he ended his career as defender.
The reason for the end of his career was physical problems.
Between 1962 and 1966 he played five matches for the Danish U-21 national team.
Bjerregaard never played in an official game for the Danish national football team.
He became a professional player when he switched to Rapid and Denmark was an amateur team.
He started his career with Wiener AC and SK Admira Wien.
There he played with his older brother Ernst Kaltenbrunner.
Then he played for Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz, Wiener Sport-Club and SK Rapid.
From 1970 to 1972 he played in France for Nice.
At the end of his career he played again for Admira Wien and Wiener Sport-Club.
Between 1962 and 1968 he played 4 international matches for the Austrian national football team.
His first match was on 28 October 1962 in a 2-0 away loss versus Hungary.
He played his last match on 22 September 1968 in a 1-0 loss versus Switzerland.
He managed SC Eisenstadt, Wiener Sport-Club and Kremser SC.
Kordylewski clouds are clumps of dust located at 2 out of the 5 special points in space between the Earth and the Moon.
The 2 special points are called L and L Lagrange points.
They were discovered by a Polish astronomer in the 1960s, and recently confirmed by the Royal Astronomical Society in October 2018.
In 1987 in Milano, Mario Schifano aroused the enthusiasm and emotion of the public for the No title art work that represent a palm.
The work aims to be a denunciation of environmental protection and an awareness of sustainability inspired by the principles of advertising.
Messier 80 (also known as M80 or NGC 6093) is a globular cluster located 32,620 light years away in the constellation Scorpius, it was discovered by Charles Messier in 1781, it was also one of his first discoveries.
Tomar (also called Tomara, Tanwar and Tuar) is a Hindu clan, the members of which ruled parts of North India at different times.
The Tomars claim descent from the Puruvanshi lineage of Indraprashtha of Mahabharata times.
People belonging to the Tomar clan are found among the Rajputs and Jats of northern India.
The 1972-73 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.
SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions.
From the quarter-finals onwards, two legs were played.
Most national film industries grew in the 2000s, while others had a setback because of conflicts.
Egypt still dominated the Arab film scene.
However, it has also progressed a lot in the 21st century compared to the three decades beforehand.
In the 70s, 80s and 90s cinema in the country was slowed down largely due to government film institutions being made private.
Since then, more movies have been produced and have also improved in quality.
In the year 2000, three Iranian movies won awards at International Film Festivals, The Apple by Samira Makhmalbaf, Djomeh by Hassan Yektepanah, and A Time for Drunken Horses by Bahman Qobadi.
These movies became well-known and established Iranian cinema on the global stage.
From 1928, Gustave Marchegay exhibited at the Salon d'Automne .
He quickly became known for his aquatic sculptures, drawing inspiration from the long hours he dedicated to his passion.
: fishing .
He dies on June 19, 1932 in Bains-les-Bains, and is buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery .
Gustave Marchegay married in 1885 the granddaughter of Désiré Nisard, writer member of the French Academy.
Colonel Louis Majou is a French politician born in 1764 in Mouilleron-en-Pareds ( Vendée ) and died on February, 25 1832 in Sainte-Hermine .
In 1792, Louis Majou was recognized enough in La Rochelle to be elected lieutenant of the free company.
He took part as an infantryman in the siege of Toulon.
The 1975-76 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.
SWW Innsbruck were the defending champions.
This year a new rule for tied games was introduced.
If it was 0-0, there was extra time and, if necessary, a penalty shoot-out - in all other draws, the away team rose thanks to a (misinterpreted) away goal rule.
Latvian Railway was started as a company on 2 September 1991.
It is owned by the government.
Before that was the Latvian Railway Board (Latvian Railways) which started on 5 August 1919.
The 1976-77 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.
SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions.
Brian Charles Booth (19 October 1933 – 19 May 2023) was an Australian cricketer and hockey player who 29 tests and captaining in 2 of them.
He played hockey at the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne.
Pedro I sent troops to the Northeast to quell the rebellion, with all three provinces falling by September of that year.
The state of Ceará managed to survive until November, and the last stronghold of the Confederation in the Sertão was the site of the final resisting leaders of the fallen nation.
The 1977-78 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition.
Austria/WAC were the defending champions.
Gấc [IPA ɣək̚˧˦] (Momordica cochinchinensis) is a type of perennial melon that grows in Southeast Asia and Australia.
It has a bright orange or red color.
when ripe, this melon has spiny red skin, yellow flesh, and slimy red edible seeds.
this sentence is from a book called trees leaves flowers and seeds smithsonian.
Vitaminfood is a Dutch complete nutrition company encompassing a variety of meal replacement solutions and sports supplements, produced by Vitaminfood Company Limited.
Vitaminfood is a Dutch complete nutrition company encompassing a variety of meal replacement solutions and sports supplements, produced by Vitaminfood Company Limited.
Founded in November 2016 by Bakir and Funda Ikanovic, this nutritional company set out to provide nutritionally complete diets.
Meal replacements are liquid diets in form of dissolved nutrient solutions taken as an alternative to solid meals.
Vitaminfood is a sustainable food production organization trying to make a meaningful contribution toward ending world hunger.
Karl Wondrak (6 September 1895 – 27 April 1973) was an Austrian football player.
He played as a winger for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
He started his career with Rapid's local rivals WAF.
At the age of 19 he moved to SK Rapid.
He played 221 matches for Rapid and scored 68 goals.
With Rapid he was Austrian champion six times, won the first two Austrian cup competitions in 1919 and 1920, and reached the final of the Mitropapokal in 1927 in his last season.
Muhammadxon Yusupov (10 March 1995; Namangan, Uzbekistan) is a young Uzbek writer, graphic designer, screenwriter, as well as the head of the Council of Young Artists.
Currently works as a designer of the project.
Carmine Felix Mennella (August 21, 1921 - March 10, 2002) was an American Animal Trainer who was The Owner of J.
Fred Muggs.
Leopold Neubauer (15 October 1889 – 16 February 1960) was an Austrian football player.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Margaret of Denmark (23 June 1456 – 14 July 1486) was Queen of Scotland from 1469 to 1486 by marriage to King James III.
She was the daughter of Christian I, King of Denmark, Norway and Sweden, and Dorothea of Brandenburg.
Silicon Valley is proof of the power of smart storytelling, engaging characters, and current storytelling.
It engaged viewers while educating them about the fascinating world of technology and kept them smiling with its sharp humor.
Silicon Valley has cemented its position as one of the most recognizable and adored television programs of its time through its cultural effect and long legacy.
The Yadavs who migrated from Mathura (Braj) to Bihar and its surrounding areas came to be known as Mathraut or Majrauth.
Majhrauts are found all over Bihar but numerically they exceed other sub-caste in Saharsa and it's adjoining district of Bihar.
While most Yadavs were small scale peasants in North and Central India, a small number of them acquired land in newly reclaimed area of Eastern Bihar (Purnea and Saharsa) and became big land holders.
In the 13th century, the didactic text Konungs skuggsjá was written.
It had many descriptions of whales, seals, and monsters of the Icelandic seas.
The descriptions were short, and often contained errors.
The descriptions include those of a mermaid, and of a large sea monster called Hafgufa.
At first, the author did not want it, because he thought it was too big, but felt it was important enough to be included in his descriptions.
Today, we know that the Hafgufa does not exist.
Et toi le plus vaillant.
And be the bravest.
And you the bravest.
Honor to the bravest.
Yaacob II had many hard times.
But he never stopped caring for the Samaritan people.
He was smart and knew a lot about the Samaritan religion and ways.
He is a famous person in the study of Samaritans.
People will remember him and learn from him for many years to come.
Syed Nazrul Islam (;(18 February 1925 – 3 November 1975) was a Bangladeshi politician.
He was the first interim president of Bangladesh .
From 17 April to 10 January 1972, he served as the interim president of Bangladesh.
Alabama has been in the NCAA Tournament 24 times.
It has reached the Sweet Sixteen nine times.
It reached the Elite Eight in 2004.
Alabama has an overall NCAA Tournament record of 25 wins and 24 losses.
In 1992, Professor Michael Y.
Nabofa wrote a book about his life titled: Adam: The Evangelist.
In May 1998, Professor Sam U.
Erivwo wrote that Cornelius Adam Igbudu was held in very high regard by Bishop Agori Iwe, his contemporary.
In August 2022, Linus Edeigba also wrote a book about his life.
In recognition of his evangelistic achievements in the Nigerian Anglican Church, Cornelius Adam Igbudu was promoted to the status of a saint and a church was named after him (St.
Adam's Anglican Church at Oghio in the Olomu area of Delta State).
A secondary school in Araya (Adam Igbudu Memorial Secondary School) was named after him, including a bible school in Emevor (Adam Igbudu Christian Institute).
According to Professor Amos Utuama, the Isoko nation has long been evangelized, noting that as far back as 1950, they had a great Evangelist in the person of late Cornelius Adam Igbudu.
He was said to have visited church after church winning converts and strengthening believers.
Anton Brosenbauer (11 April 1909 in Vienna,- 6 January 1992 in Vienna) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as forward mainly for First Vienna FC.
He also played in the Austrian national football team.
He started his career with Brigittenauer AC.
From the 1927/28 season on he played in their first team.
Because the club had financial problems and was in danger of relegation, he was sold to Vienna in the winter of 1928.
For Vienna he played till 1935.
A torn ligament in the second round of the 1935/36 season put a premature end to his career.
In 1937 he tried a comeback with FC Wien but played only a few games.
Georg Waitz (23 January 1909 – March 1993) was an Austrian soccer player.
He played for different teams in Vienna.
He also played for the Austrian national football team during the Wunderteam era.
In 1934 Georg Waitz left his regular club and moved to Wiener AC, where he did not even play for a full season.
During the spring round he joined the second division club 1.
Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 and returned to FC Wien in early 1936.
In 1937 he finally accepted an offer from the French professional league and played for RC Lens for a season.
Pratihara, or Pratihar is a clan of Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India.
In Gujarat and Maharashtra they're also known as the Parihar Gujjars.
They are primarily found in the Indian states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, and Uttarakhand, with a few in Pakistani Punjab.
They ruled and established the Gurjar Pratihara dynasty of medieval India from 550 CE up until 1050 CE.
A train crash took place on 2 June 2023 when 10-12 coaches of the Shalimar-Chennai Coromandel Express and 3-4 coaches of another train from Yeswanthpur to Howrah derailed near Balasore in Balasore district in Odisha, India.
The OFC Champions League also known as O-League is the premier men's club football competition in Oceania.
It is organized by the OFC, the official governing body of Oceania.
It was called the Oceania Club Championship (1987-2006) and then from 2007 onward it used its current format.
Smriti Shriniwas Mandhana (18 July 1996) is an Indian cricketer.
Smriti represents the Indian women's national team and took part in Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Women's Premier League (WPL).
In 2018 Smriti received Arjuna, BCCI and Rachael Heyhoe-Flint Award awards.
In 2021, she became the Women's Cricketer of the year.
On her debut test match against England, she scored a 50, playing a crucial hand in India's historic Test win in England in 2014.
Later she scored a brilliant century scoring 127 runs in the only Test against Australia, which was also the first century of her career and was awarded the Player of the Match.
She also became the first Indian woman to hit a century in Day-night Tests.
The park has 97 species of mammals.
Endangered langurs live in the park.
The park has 300 species of birds; 36 reptiles; 17 amphibians; 11 fish; 2,000 species of plants with veinss, and thousands of species of insects.
Many of them are on Vietnam's Red Book of endangered species.
There are many apes and monkeyss in the park: macaques, gibbon, François's leaf monkey and the slow loris.
The primate center has langurs, loris, and gibbon species, include the Delacour's langur, golden-headed langur, and black crested gibbon.
These three species are critically endangered.
The Frankfurt Zoological Society helped make the center in 1993.
It has 180 animals in 50 cages, 4 houses, and two semi-wild places surrounded by fences.
Maximilian Max Gold (born 22 November 1900 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary; died 27 November 1961 in Tehran, Iran) was Austrian football (soccer) right full back He played professionally in Austria and the United States.
He also played two matches for the Austria national football team in 1922.
An ankle injury ended Maximilian Gold's active career.
In the early 1930s he was the owner and manager of the Maccabi Chicago football team.
He later worked as a coach in the Baltics for the Lithuanian national team and Bar Kochba Kaunas.
In 1922, Gold earned two caps with the Austria national football team.
The first was a 1–1 tie with Hungary on 30 April.
He played his second game on 11 June in a 7–1 victory over Switzerland.
Josef Smistik (28 November 1905 – 28 November 1985) was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien.
He was captain of the Austrian Wunderteam.
He started his career at Gersthofer SV.
1925 he went to Vienna.
There he stayed till the end of his career in 1939.
He became Champion and Cup-winner twice with the Vienna.1939 he came back to Gersthofer SV and finished his career there.
In conclusion, Gascony is a captivating region that offers a unique blend of history, culture, and natural beauty.
Its warm and welcoming people, delectable cuisine, and stunning landscapes make it an ideal destination for travellers seeking an authentic French experience.
Gascony invites visitors to immerse themselves in its rich heritage, savour its culinary delights, and embrace its laid-back way of life.
Whether exploring medieval towns, indulging in hearty meals, or simply enjoying the tranquillity of the countryside, Gascony promises an unforgettable journey through the heart of southwestern France.
Wilhelm Kaipel (born 20 November 1948) is an Austrian former footballer and coach.
He played for different clubs in Austria as goalkeeper.
He also was part of the Austrian national football team.
At the age of 10, he began his career as a football player with hometown club ASKÖ Riedlingsdorf.
In 1965 he moved to SC Pinkafeld.
On 10 October 1965, Pinkafeld had to play away versus Wiener Sport-Club.
This game was lost 2:6.
Wilhelm Kaipel, who played instead of the standard goalie, made such a good impression that he was signed by the Wiener Sport-Club a few months later.
From 1971 to 1975 he played for SV Austria Salzburg.
1975 to 1977 he played for SK VOEST Linz.
Wilhelm Kaipel's last match in the Bundesliga was on 30 October 1976 in a game between VOEST Linz and Austria Wien.
Topaz tells a Cold War espionage story set in 1962, just before the Cuban Missile Crisis.
A Russian defector informs the Americans that Soviet missiles are planned to be stationed in Cuba.
Frenchman André Devereaux (Frederick Stafford) is tasked with finding out whether there are actually Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba.
Devereaux and his wife Nicole (Dany Robin) accompany their daughter Michèle (Claude Jade) and son-in-law François Picard (Michel Subor) on their honeymoon to New York.
André can gain initial insights in New York.
These require further research in Cuba.
He can collect evidence with the help of the Cuban Juanita (Karin Dor).
In September 1939, Germany invaded and occupied the western part of Poland with the help of the Soviet Union, who attacked the eastern side of Poland, when Binder was 19 years old.
On October 12, 1941, Germans killed ten thousand Jews in Stanislawów (where Binder lived) in a massacre where Binder lost her sister Bronek in the massacre.
Taruga fastigo is a frog.
It lives in Sri Lanka.
Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Morningside Estate, near Sinharaja Forest Reserve, 1060 m above sea level.
He was a criminal working for crime boss Carl Grissom, but he was set up at the chemical plant, and Batman intervened, which caused him to fall into a vat of chemicals, turning him into the Joker, now angry at the world for his disfigurement, Batman must stop him.
Josef Pepi Stroh (5 March 1913 in vienna, Austria-Hungary – 7 January 1991 in Vienna) was an Austrian football midfielder and football manager.
He played club football mainly with FK Austria Wien.
During the National Socialist period Josef Stroh also made four appearances in the German national team .
He also took part in the 1938 World Cup in France.
In this time he played temporary work as a guest player at Arminia Hannover.
After the end of the Second World War, he made seven more appearances for Austria.
He ended his playing career by winning the championship at the end of the 1948/49 season.
For Austria Wien he played 200 matches and scored 94 goals.
He was part of Austria’s team for the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
There he didn’t play any match.
Karl Adolf Andritz (13 May 1914 – 19 December 1993) was an Austrian football defender.
Andritz played mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1936 to 1937.
Karl Andritz began his career in the youth team of Brigittenauer AC .
From 1931 to 1933 he played for the club's first team.
In 1933 at the age of 19 he moved to Austria Wien.
After the Second world war he played for Austria until 1947.
Then he was no longer used there and he went to the lower-class SC Fischamend.
1949 he played for SV Gloggnitz and ended his career after this season.
He then ran an inn in Fischamend.
Rudolf Zöhrer (28 March 1911 – 12 February 2000) was an Austrian football goalkeeper.
He played three matches for Austria.
Zöhrer also played for SK Admira Wien and FK Austria Wien, Wiener AC, SK Donaufeld Wien and Floridsdorfer AC.
Rudi Zöhrer began his career as a soccer player at SC Nord-Wien 1912.
In 1930 he moved to Admira.
His first season as a regular goalie was in 1932 .
With the club he won championship and the cup.
Rudi Zöhrer was able to repeat this success in 1934.
He had to hand over his position to Peter Platzer before the end of the season.
After that he moved to Austria Wien.
He played for the team until the end of his career.
With Austria he won the Mitropacup, the forerunner of today's European Cup and one Austrian Cup.
- N.
T.
Rama Rao Jr., also known as Jr NTR or Tarak, is an Indian actor who mainly works in Telugu cinema.
He is the grandson of the legendary actor and former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, N.
T.
Rama Rao Sr.
He has won several awards, including two Filmfare Awards, two Nandi Awards, and four CineMAA Awards.
He has also been featured in Forbes India Celebrity 100 list since 2012¹.
- Rama Rao Jr.
started his acting career as a child artist in films such as Brahmarshi Viswamitra (1991) and Ramayanam (1997), the latter winning the National Film Award for Best Children's Film.
He made his debut as a lead actor with Ninnu Choodalani (2001) and rose to fame with Student No.
1 (2001) and Aadi (2002).
He established himself as a leading actor with films such as Simhadri (2003), Yamadonga (2007), Adhurs (2010), Brindavanam (2010), Baadshah (2013), Temper (2015), Nannaku Prematho (2016), Janatha Garage (2016), Jai Lava Kusa (2017), Aravinda Sametha Veera Raghava (2018), and RRR (2022).
Ethan Mathias was born and raised in Ada Township, Michigan.
Josef Epp (1 March 1920 – 28 February 1989) was an Austrian footballer and manager.
He played at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games with the Austrian national football team.
He played in the forward position.
Epp played mainly for Wiener Sport-Club and LASK.
In 1953 he moved to the Swiss first division club Servette Geneva.
After his return, he took over the position of player-coach at SV Stickstoff Linz.
Epp accepted an offer from LASK and reached the championship title with them in his last season as an active player in 1958.
With 195 championship goals Epp is still one of the most successful goal scorers in Austria's top division.
There are many small furniture and textile businesses in and around Herning.
In 1961, she received the Tagea Brandt Rejselegat award.
Amerhauser began his career at Austria Salzburg.
His name is linked to Salzburg's memorable European Cup performance in the 1993/94 season.
He scored the goal for promotion against Sporting Lisbon in December 1993.
Only 19 years of age, he went on to play in both legs of the UEFA Cup 1993-94 which they lost to Inter Milan.
In the spring season of 1995 he went on loan to GAK in the 2nd division and immediately became champion and promoted to the Bundesliga.
In the summer of 1996 he returned to Austria and won the championship again with his home club.
From the 1999/2000 season until the summer of 2009 Amerhauser played again for GAK and was part of the most successful GAK era.
They could celebrate a championship title, three cup wins and two Supercup wins.
From the 2007/08 season , after the forced relegation of the GAK , he played in the Regionalliga.
From the summer of 2009 he worked as an assistant coach until the end of the year.
From 2010 to 2011 he played for FC Lankowitz.
Amerhauser made his debut for Austria in a March 1998 friendly match against Hungary in which he immediately scored his first international goal.
He then was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup but did not play.
His last international was a September 2005 World Cup qualifying match against Azerbaijan.
During the winter break 2011 he became head coach at the regional league club SC Weiz.
From 2012 to 2014 he looked after ASK Voitsberg in the Styrian Landesliga.
Eleaticism was based on the idea that there is only one thing that is real and true, and that is Being.
Being is something that does not change, move, or have parts.
It is always the same and always whole.
Everything else that we see or feel is not real, but only an illusion.
Eleaticism also said that we can know Being by using our reason, not by using our senses.
Reason tells us what is true and clear, while senses tell us what is false and confusing.
Eleaticism also said that Being, thought, and expression are the same thing.
This means that what we think and say must be about Being, and nothing else.
Fei's small tree frog (Romerus feii) is a frog.
It lives in China and Vietnam.
Scientists have seen it between 350 and 800 meters above sea level.
With one exception (1980), Austria's U-21 team took part in all UEFA European Championships.
In 2019 they were qualified for the final round for the first time.
They were eliminated in the preliminary round.
Sportclub Stripfing/Weiden is a football club from the Lower Austrian municipality of Weikendorf in the district of Gänserndorf.
As champion of the Regionalliga East they were promoted to the Second league in 2023.
Puranmal was an Ahir chief or leader of Malwa region during 1714-1716 (A.D)..
This was only the second ever win for a Southeast Asian country (excluding Australia which geographically is not in Southeast Asia) at a senior World Cup (male or female) and the first since Thailand beat Ivory Coast in the 2015 Women's World Cup.
The two teams met at the 2019 final, in which the United States won 2–0.
The Ahir (Abhira) Kingdom in the Mahabharata is one of two kingdoms near the Sarasvati River which existed only as a dried up river bed during the time of the Kurukshetra War.
They were dominated by the Ahirs/Abhiras sometimes referred to as Sur-abhira also, combining both Sura and Abhira kingdoms.
The modern day Ahir/Abhira territory lies within the Northern areas of Gujarat and Southern Rajasthan, India.
Ahirs are mentioned as warriors in support of Duryodhana in the Mahabharat war.
The Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavas themselves, who were also the Ahirs.
The Ahirs also have been described as Vratya Kshatriyas.
The Ahirs are said to have looted the troops of Arjuna, the Pandava, when he was returning from Dwaraka being accompanied by some of the members of Sri Krishna's family after the death of the later.
Abhiras are said to have waylaid Arjuna and deprived him of remaining wealth from Dwarka and women somewhere in Punjab.
In Mahabharat Ahir, Gopa, Gopal and Yadavas are all synonyms.
They defeated the hero of Mahabharat war, and did spare him when he disclosed the identity of the members of the family of Sri Krishna.
According to historian Ishwari Prasad, Porus might have been a Yaduvanshi Shurasena.
He argued that Porus' vanguard soldiers carried a banner of Heracles whom Megasthenes—who travelled to India after Porus had been supplanted by Chandragupta—explicitly identified with the Shurasenas of Mathura.
This Heracles of Megasthenes and Arrian (the so called Megasthenes' Herakles) has been identified by some scholars as Krishna and by others as his elder brother Baladeva, who were both the ancestors and patron deities of Shoorsainis Yaduvansh.
Zoran Barisic ( born 22 May 1970) is an Austrian football manager and a former player.
He is currently manager of SK Rapid Wien .
Before this he was sporting director of the club.
He played one match for the Austrian national football team versus Israel on 6 June 1999.
Johann Schwarz (1891–1914) was an Austrian footballer.
Schwarz played for First Vienna FC and Wiener AF as striker.
He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1911 to 1913.
Hans Schwarz was able to put his shooting power to the test in the ÖFV's first championship season in 1911/12.
With 22 goals he was the top scorer in the league.
The striker of the Vienna had quickly made a name for himself in Vienna.
In the summer of 1912 he went to the title candidate WAF .
This soon was a case for the sports courts.
The player was banned until the end of the season.
So it happened that Hans Schwarz could not play a single championship game for an entire season and was only allowed to play again in 1913/14, now for the WAF.
As the second best league scorer, he shot the WAF to the Austrian champions with 21 goals.
WAF won the decisive championship game in the last round against Vienna thanks to a brace from Schwarz and his strike partner Adi Fischera 4:2.
On 7 May 1911 he made his international debut for Austria in a 3-1 win over Hungary.
He also played in the following 2-1 away win against Germany.
His last match was also versus Hungary.
After the end of the war, the Admiran was forced to transfer to SC Wacker Wien due to his place of residence in Vienna.
As the club's top scorer in the championship and with two goals in the cup final in a 4-3 win against Austria, he played a key role in Wacker's only two national titles.
In a 1940 international match he managed the feat of a double hat-trick in a 13:0 victory over Finland.
The only player to score more goals for Germany in a single match was Gottfried Fuchs who scored 10 times against Russia at the 1912 Olympic games in Stockholm.
He also played for Austria at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Laos is a poor country.
It paid 30% of the construction costs.
China paid the remaining (70%).
This debt accounts for about 80% of Laos' Gross domestic product.
Estimates are that the interest for the Chinese loan make up about 20% of Laos' yearly expenses.
On October 2, 2020, the ECB published a report outlining the introduction of a digital euro from the perspective of the Eurosystem.
A man named Galavan kidnaps Oswald’s mother and tells Oswald he’ll kill her unless Oswald kills everyone that Galavan wants him to kill.
When Oswald does, Galavan kills Oswald’s mother and Oswald teams up with Detective Gordon to kill Galavan for revenge.
Oswald is tortured by Hugo Strange and Oswald later meets his father.
After Oswald’s stepmother kills his father, he kills her son and daughter and tricks her into eating them and then cuts off her head.
Oswald also wants revenge against Hugo Strange.
The results of each draw are announced shortly after the draw is held.
The results can be found on the website of the Directorate of Nagaland State Lotteries, or on any number of lottery websites like Lottery Sambad.
Agua Blanca () is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala.
It was founded in the mid 19th century.
Today, about 18000 people live there.
The song was improvised on March 22 1962 by Paul McCartney, who was influenced by the twist craze of the early sixties.
He would perform it later that evening.
The audience response was mediocre, but nonetheless he pawned it off on then-drummer Pete Best, who sang lead while McCartney worked the drums.
The song was drawn up on a list of 30 songs for a recording session at EMI, but got cut at the last minute.
During the various Best performances, the Beatles had changed from leather jackets into Beno Dorn suits and ties, and accompanied it with the Starlighter's hit, Peppermint Twist.
Spiegel was born in Uhryńkowce, Poland in modern-day Uhrynkivtsi, Ukraine, in 1924.
In September 1939, the Spegiels were trapped in Poland by the German occupation of Poland, with the help of the Soviet Union.
Spiegel lost her citizenship and became stateless.
As persecutions of the Jewish population increased, Spiegel and her younger sister Arianna were taken into captivity in a ghetto.
Jochebed (JOCK-oh-bed) was the mother of Moses; an Israelite prophet, according to biblical legend.
Pride Park Stadium is an football stadium in Derby, England.
It is the home ground of English Football League club Derby County.
It has a capacity of 33,597 so it is the 16th-largest football ground in England.
Tehsil barikot is located in swat , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
It is famous for Bazeera.
This Barikot is a town located in the middle course of the Swat River in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
It is about 20 km away from Mingora and the Butkara Stupa.
It is the entrance town to the central Swat Valley with a population of about 25,000 people.
Merer ( 25th century BC) was a Ancient Egyptian diarist and middle ranking official who kept the first known diaries.
In his adulthood, Merer was a middle ranking official who held the title inspector (sHD).
The entries in those two diaries are all arranged in the same line.
In addition to Merer and his crew, a few other people are mentioned in the two diaries.
The most important one is Ankhhaf, a half-brother of Khufu.
Ankhhaf is known from other Ancient Egyptian sources dating to around his time.
It is highly speculated that Ankhaf was a prince and vizier under Khufu and/or Khafre.
In the diaries, Merer mentions that Ankhhaf is a nobleman and a overseer of a ship harbor at Giza.
The archaeologists unearthed six diaries and more than six associated accounts.
All of the papyri had text written in the pages, as far as we know.
Around 1933–1934, the Yadavs joined with the Kurmis and Koeris to form the Triveni Sangh, a caste federation that by 1936 claimed to have a million supporters.
This coalition followed an alliance for the 1930 local elections which fared badly at the polls.
The new grouping had little electoral success: it won a few seats in the 1937 elections but was stymied by a two-pronged opposition which saw the rival Congress wooing some of its more wealthy leading lights to a newly formed unit called the Backward Class Federation and an effective opposition from upper castes organised to keep the lower castes in their customary place.
Added to this, the three putatively allied castes were unable to set aside their communal rivalries and the Triveni Sangh also faced competition from the All India Kisan Sabha, a peasant-oriented socio-political campaigning group run by the Communists.
The appeal of the Triveni Sangh had waned significantly by 1947 but had achieved a measure of success away from the ballot box, notably by exerting sufficient influence to bring an end to the begar system of forced unpaid labour and by providing a platform for those voices seeking reservation of jobs in government for people who were not upper castes.
Many years later, in 1965, there was an abortive attempt to revive the defunct federation.
Ladislaus Kurpiel (13 November 1883 – 24 June 1930) was an Austrian footballer.
He played as midfielder for DFC Prag in the first German football championship in 1903.
He had a brief time at Vienna Cricket and Football Club.
He also played 8 matches for the Austrian national football team between 1908 and 1912.
He also played at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Kurpiel began in 1896 at the age of thirteen with club football at DFC Germania Prague.
Soon he went to the newly formed city rivals DFC Prague.
He was known and feared for his powerful long-range shots.
His greatest success at club level was in 1903.
DFC Prague reached the the final of the German championship.
They lost 7-2 against VfB Leipzig.
Only in the 1903/04 season he played for Vienna Cricket and Football-Club, with which he reached the final of the Challenge Cup.
Cornel Țăranu (20 June 1934 – 18 June 2023) was a Romanian composer, musicologist, conductor and cultural manager.
After studies in Cluj and Paris, he began a long career as a teacher at the Cluj Conservatoire, founded a chamber orchestra dedicated to contemporary music, directed a festival, and was head of the Union of Romnian Composers for more than two decades.
His compositions focus on orchestral compositions; he wrote two operas, film scores, chamber music, and vocal music for soloists and choirs.
He also completed unfinished scores by George Enescu.
He died on 18 June 2023, two days before his 89th birthday.
Luigi Tagliaferri, known as Luigi di Pagnona, was born in Pagnona in Valsassina, but grew up in Mandello, descendant of a family of artists specialized in frescoes.
The first artist of the Tagliaferri dynasty was Giambattista Tagliaferri, author of a leather frontal for the church of Pagnona (1752), according to a then widespread taste.
Luigi Tagliaferri is the son of Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri (1809-1879) who was for a long time in Venice as an engraver in the art of iron and then in Milan where, as an engraver, he invented a particular decoration technique on marble, of which some essays remain Margno and in Vendrogno.
Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri in Milan also became a painter and created the paintings for the chapel of San Rocco in Premana, with a cycle on the plague (the frescoes in the parish church of San Dionigi have however been lost) and he painted the frescoes on the facades of churches such as San Martino of Indovero (1841), the church of Vimogno (1853) or the church of Barcone (1870).
His works can be found both in the villages of the valley (Premana, Taceno, Casargo, Indovero and Pasturo) and beyond the lake and in Lecco.
The painter was also a teacher in Pagnona and taught the art to his son Luigi Tagliaferri, who moved to Lecco and finally to Mandello.
He finished his player career with BSK Belgrade in the Yugoslav Championship and Alexandria in Egypt.
Gerald Haider (born 1 July 1955) was an Austrian footballer.
He played for SV Austria Salzburg and VOEST Linz as striker.
He played in one match for the Austria national football team.
He started playing football for Hertha Wels.
His professional career started in 1974 as a striker for Austria Salzburg.
For the 1978/1979 season Haider moved to VÖEST Linz.
He stayed there until the end of his career in 1988.
Philippe Léotard (his full name was Ange Philippe Paul André Léotard-Tomasi; 28 August 1940 – 25 August 2001) was a French actor, poet and singer.
He died in Paris of leukemia on 25 August 2001, three days before his 61st birthday.
Mukesh Singh Gahlot (born 1 May 1978) is an Indian bodybuilder and powerlifter.
All songs were written by Live.
Jai Shree Ram.
The Mercedes-Benz EQ series is a series of electric vehicles.
The series includes every Mercedes-Benz car that starts with 'EQ'.
These frogs are related to Polypedates.
Scientists used to call them the same genus.
Even today, some scientists think P.
feae and the Chinese flying frog (R.
dennysi) might be in the wrong group.
On July 14, an area of rotating storms developed east-northeast of Bermuda and was named Subtropical Storm Don.
Don weakened to a depression on July 16 but regained its strength.
Two days later, Don was upgraded to a tropical storm.
Don gained more strength and was upgraded to a hurricane on July 22.
Don remained a Category 1 hurricane for 12 hours and dissipated on July 24.
On August 13, the NHC began tracking a tropical wave off the coast of Africa.
After traveling across the Atlantic Ocean for several days, the system was given the name Tropical Depression Six on the evening of August 19.
At midnight on August 21, the system strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Gert.
Gert was soon weakened by nearby Tropical Storm Franklin and degenerated the next day.
This list of names was used for storms which form in the North Atlantic in 2023.
It is the same list used in 2017, except for Harold, Idalia, Margot, and Nigel.
These names have replaced Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate.
In 1999, Mercedes had already started working on the second generation of the M-Class, after 2 years of being in production.
In 2000, there were already design ideas for the new car.
The new ML-Class' codename is 'W164'.
It now shares a unibody structure with the Mercedes-Benz GL-Class.
The new M-Class is slightly larger than the previous generation.
Phillip Verhounig (5 January 2006) is an Austrian football player.
He plays as Striker for FC Liefering in the Austrian Second league.
Verhounig began his career at SV Griffen.
For the 2016/17 season he moved to the youth team at Wolfsberger AC.
In February 2020 he moved to the FC Red Bull Salzburg academy.He played in all age groups.
On 19 May 2023 he made his debut for FC Liefering.
He came in for Oumar Diakité at half-time against SV Lafnitz.
The election of the President of the National Assembly happened on 19 June 2023.
Mohamed Bemba Meguett was picked in the first round.
Thomas Davidson (born November 10, 1963) is an American comedian and actor.
He was an original cast member on the sketch comedy TV show In Living Color (1990-1994), Mitchell on Between Brothers (1997–1999), Dexter on Malcolm & Eddie (1999–2000), Oscar Proud on The Proud Family (2001–2005) & its 2022 , Rushon in Booty Call (1997), Womack in Bamboozled (2000), Black Dynamite (2009) and its subsequent television series.
In 2022, Davidson appeared on Storybound reading from his book, Living in Color: What's Funny about Me.
Nouadhibou (; , Berber: Nwadibu, formerly in French: ) is the second-biggest city in Mauritania.
It is the capital of the Dahklet Nouadhibou Region.
Rosso is a major city in southwestern Mauritania.
It is the capital of the Trarza region.
It is at the top of the Senegal River.
The town is 204 km south of the capital Nouakchott.
Brakna () is a region in southwest Mauritania.
Its capital is Aleg.
Boghé is another major town in the region.
The region has borders near the Mauritanian regions of Tagant to the northeast and Assaba and Gorgol to the southeast.
It also has a border with Trarza to the northwest.
Lukic started his career at FK Austria Wien.
He also played in the academy from the 2020/21 season.
2022 he moved to the academy of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
On 13 May 2023 he was in the FC Liefering squad for the first time against SK Rapid Wien II.
On 19 May he made his debut for Liefering in the 2nd division when he came on for Zeteny Jano in the 75th minute against SV Lafnitz.
Werner Gregoritsch (born 22 March 1958) is an Austrian football manager and former player.
He manages the Austria U21 national team.
He started with Grazer AK.
There he won the Austrian youth championship in 1976.
In this year he also made his debut in the GAK first team at the age of 17.
From 1981 to 1983 he played for VOEST Linz from 1981 to 1983.
Then he played another season in Graz.
In the 1984/1985 season he played for Vienna in the Bundesliga.
Here ended his career in Austria's top division.
Between 1986 and 1987 he played one and a half seasons in the 2nd Bundesliga at DSV Leoben.
Another station as a player was Deutschlandsberger SC.
His coaching career began in 1989 with the Burgenland club SV Güssing as a player-coach.
With a stop at ASK Schlaining, he came back to Graz and played for ESK Graz.
In the beginning he was player-coach, then only coach.
On 20 January 2012, the ÖFB told that Werner Gregoritsch had been appointed as the successor to Andreas Herzog as coach of the Austria U21 team.
Maximilian Max Hagmayr (born 16 November 1956) is a former football striker from Austria.
During his club career, Hagmayr played for VÖEST Linz, Karlsruher SC, Rapid Wien and LASK Linz.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He went to Karlsruher SC for the 1982–83 season.
There he played 31 Bundesliga matches.
After the relegation of KSC he went back to Austria and played for SK Rapid Wien for the 1982–83 season.
Then he went back to Linz and played for LASK.
In 1988 he finished his career.
He debuted for Austria on 30 January 1979 in a away 1-0 win versus Israel.
His last was on 13 October 1982 in a 2-0 home win versus Northern Ireland.
At the 1982 World Cup in Spain, he was a member of the national squad.
Jürgen Werner (born 3 December 1961 in Wels) is a former Austrian football player.
After his active career he worked as a football manager and players' agent.
He is sports director of FK Austria Wien.
In 1998 Werner founded the Stars & Friends player agency.
He himself worked there as a player consultant.
After selling his shares in 2019 he acts as Vice President of the Austrian Bundesliga club LASK.
He was accused of incompatible parallel activities.
So he was banned from working for 12 months.
In February 2023 Werner was presented as the new sports director of FK Austria Wien AG.
Emperor Suinin commanded Tajimamori get a magical fruit called .
To find it he went to , after ten years he returned but Suinin was dead already.
Tajimamori gave half of his branches to Suinin's widow and half to his tomb and then died.
The Yamato no Kuni no Miyatsuko (倭国造) was a Japanese noble family that used to rule that Yamato Province.
Anton Toni Pfeffer (born 17 August 1965) is a former Austrian profedsional footballer.
He played for FK Austria Wien and the Austrian national football team as defender.
Pfeffer's youth club was SV Türnitz.
In 1985, at the age of 20, he moved to FK Austria Wien.
There he stayed till the end of his career in 2000.
He played 395 league matches for the team and scored 24 goals.
He also was captain of the team a long time.
Pfeffer made his debut for Austria in an April 1988 friendly match against Greece.
He was a participant at the 1990 and 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He earned 63 caps, scoring one goal.
His last international was the 0-9 demolition by Spain in a European Championship qualification match in March 1999.
Franz Heinzl (13 April 1892 – 16 May 1922) was an Austrian footballer who played as a forward.
He made seven appearances for the Austria national team from 1914 to 1917.
Franz Heinzl played for Stockerauer SV 07.
1914 he went to Wiener AF.
Under Hugo Meisl he made his international debut on 3 May 1914 in a 2-0 win against Hungary.
With WAF he won the Austrian championship in his debut season 1913–14.
As far as the First World War allowed Franz Heinzl continued to play for the national team and the WAF.
In 1915 he became topscorer of the league.
For 2012-13, it had received LED-taillights and DRLs.
Strength is in truth () is a Russian slogan that people use in the 21st century.
It comes from the movie Brother 2.
The movie was released in 2000.
says it in the movie.
Sergey Malov was a Russian Turkologist.
He studied Turkic languages and he translated the Manichaean text Huastvanift.
Michael Angerschmid (born 24 February 1974 in Schärding) is an Austrian football manager.
Before his managerial career he was midfielder and defender for SV Ried.
The new A-Class is more expressive than the previous models, directly competes with the Audi A3 and BMW 1 Series, as they are all German luxury small family cars.
The XC40 is mainly sold in Europe, U.S., China, and Australia, but it sells the best in Europe.
The XC40 was designed by Thomas Ingenlath, and its concept was called ‘Volvo Concept 40.1’.
There is also a fully electric one called the ‘Volvo XC40 Recharge’.
Camillo Jerusalem (3 April 1914 – 1 August 1979) was an Austrian football player.
He played for Austria Wien, for different clubs in France and Servette and Grenchen in Switzerland as forward.
After the annexation of Austria in 1938, he left Austria Wien.
He went to FC Sochaux in France.
After the end of the war in 1945 Camillo Jerusalem returned to Vienna.
He was immediately called by Karl Zankl in the Austrian national team before he had even played a league match for Austria.
After six months in Vienna he was called back to FC Sochaux.
From 1946 to 1947 he played for CO Roubaix Tourcoing and became French champion.
After a year at SR Colmarhe moved to RCFC Besançon in Division 2 in 1949.
After a few months he went to Servette FC Genève, where he won the Swiss championship in 1950 .
In 1951, Camillo Jerusalem became a player-coach for FC Grenchen, which had been relegated to the second division.
He brought the club back to the National League A in the very first season by winning relegation.
Abdullah Yolcu or Abdullah bin Abdul Hamid bin Abdulmazid al-Ismail al-Bazzaz al-Turkmani al-Athari al-Iraqi is a Turkish Arabic Salafi Islamic scholar and preacher.
He was born in 1958 of a Iraqi-Turkish origin.
He studied in Islamic University of Madinah and founded Guraba Publication which translates Salafi books into Turkish language.
Johnstone Strait () is a strait next to the northeast coast of Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
Onur Cinel (17June 1985 in Essen) is a German football coach.
Manchester was the first city to industrialise, because of the Industrial Revolution.
It became the main place for making cloth and fabric.
During the 19th century it had the nickname Cottonopolis, because it had so many cotton mills.
The middle of Manchester is important because of its network of canals and mills built during its 19th-century development.
Schiaffino died on 13 November 2002.
His remains are buried at the Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.
Rocco Žiković (born 21 January b 2005 in Pula) is a Croatian footballer.
He plays as defender for the Austrian Second League club FC Liefering.
In October 2022 he played his first league match for FC Liefering .
He came as a substitute for Marcel Moswitzer in the 59th minute against Floridsdorfer AC .
All live tracks were recorded at Hammerstein Ballroom, New York City, in November 1999.
Dominik Thalhammer (born 2 October 1970) is an Austrian football manager.
He is the manager of Belgian Pro League club Oostende.
LP versions - see below.
The United States government under president Lyndon B.
Johnson was officially neutral during the war.
There was strong public support for Biafra in the US.
American activists founded the American Committee to Keep Biafra Alive to spread propaganda.
United States president Richard Nixon was supportive of the Biafran cause.
Before he won the 1968 presidential election he accused Nigeria of committing genocide against the Biafrans.
He also called for the United States to intervene in the war on the side of Biafra.
His efforts failed because of the demands of the ongoing Vietnam War.
After two-and-a-half years of war with Nigeria, during which almost two million Biafran civilians (three-quarters of them being smaller children) died from starvation caused by the Nigerian blockade of the region.
Joanna Modes is a Polish actress, businesswoman, and charity activist.
She was born on May 21, 1985, in Szczecin, Poland.
She gained attention as the girlfriend of Formula One driver Robert Kubica.
She is the Founder of the Modes Art Gallery Foundation.
Several singles for Shock to the System were released to various countries.
Several included various remixes of Heroin, a cover of The Velvet Underground's song of the same name, composed and written by Lou Reed.
The cover of Heroin also included the lyric Jesus died for somebody's sins/But not mine, written by Patti Smith for her cover of Gloria.
The Australian, Japan, Netherlands, and U.S.
releases included the track Aftershock, which was not included in the Cyberpunk CD.
Alexander Schlager (born 1 February 1996) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as goalkeeper for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
In December 2022, LASK announced that Schlager leave LASK after the 2022/23 season.
He then returned to Red Bull Salzburg for the 2023/24 season and signed till June 2027.
The 2023 Pacific hurricane season is the current hurricane season in the Pacific Ocean in the Northern Hemisphere.
The season began on May 15 in the eastern Pacific (east of 140°W) and on June 1 in the central Pacific (from 140°W to the International Date Line).
The season will end for both on November 30.
The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Roman Szewczyk (born 18 March 1965 in Bytom) is a former Polish football player.
He played 37 times for Poland, scoring 3 goals.
There are different types of body piercing jewelry.
Barbells, curved barbells (also called banana bars), J-bars (barbells shaped like the letter J), captive bead rings (also called ball capture rings or BCRs) are common.
Silver jewelry should be avoided.
Sometimes the beads of a barbell are decorative, as is common in navel piercings.
Ronaldo is a Portuguese given name that is similar to the English Ronald.
It became a common name in all Portuguese-speaking countries.
The name is also very common in Italy and Spanish-speaking countries..
Leopold Neumer (8 February 1919 – 19 March 1990) was an Austrian football player.
He played as striker mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Leopold Neumer began his career at 1.
Simmeringer SC.
In 1935 he moved to FK Austria Wien.
From the 1936/37 season he was regularly part of the first team.
Leopold Neumer played eleven years for the team until the 1946/47 season.
He ended his career after the 1953/54 season after playing for Favoritner FK Blau-Weiß and again for Simmering.
He debuted on 10 October 1937 for the Austrian national football team in a 1-2 loss versus Hungary.
It started production in October 2019, and is code named ‘DM’.
It started production in November 2014, and is code named ‘DK’.
Melchior was manager of Beşiktaş J.K.
(Turkey), Fortuna Düsseldorf (Germany), Club Africain (Tunisia) and Rouen (France).
He was also manager of the Luxembourg national football team.
The Digby Conversion of Saint Paul (or The Conuersyon of Seynt Paule) is a Middle English miracle play.
It was made in the late fifteenth century.
The play was written in rhyme royal.
It is about the conversion of Paul the Apostle.
Fulgens and Lucrece is a morality play.
It was made in the late 15th century by Henry Medwall.
It is the oldest fully secular English play that still exists.
It was probably first performed at Lambeth Palace in 1497.
The play is based on a Latin story by Buonaccorso da Montemagno.
The Fiat 500 is an Italian car produced by Italian car manufacturer Fiat over 2 generations.
Mads Bidstrup (born 25 February 2001) is a Danish footballer.
He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.
The Fiat 500L is a mini MPV made by Fiat.
It has an unusally small body.
It is about as long as a Toyota Yaris Cross.
It is an MPV version of the Fiat 500.
The author claimed, in dashavatar, the scripturally mentioned Buddha Avatar was finally found as Gautama Buddha from Buddhism and later included in Hinduism, similarly Hindu followers should include Muhammad as Kalki Avatar after reading this book, and should follow him instead of waiting for him to come.
The first series was broadcast in 2005.
Many viewers criticised the show and it was seen as a rival for Channel 4's Big Brother.
The show was presented by Patrick Kielty and Kelly Brook.
Jayde Middlemiss and Fran Cosgrave won the series.
Season 2 was broadcast in 2006.
It was announced in late May 2006 that Fearne Cotton would be Kielty's new co-host.
Santali cinema has not been able to create an identity as a film industry like most other cinemas in India.
Every year about 8 to 10 films are made and released directly, on CDs only.
Ruthka Lieblich's diary was published in Hebrew and English as Ruthka: A Diary of War in 1993.
It was translated from Polish.
Paul Mensah (born 13 October 1999) is a Ghanaian professional footballer.
He plays as a forward for Blau-Weiß Linz.
The rankings are usually published four times in a year.
The two host cities were announced on 10 August 2021.
Its particularity is it is a social company.
25% of profits are giving back to associations to fight against poverty.
Konsta (real name Abdullayev Sharifjon Shokir oʻgʻli, 1992 September 9, , Uzbekistan) Uzbekistani rapper.
He is known for his music dedicated to some problems in society.
He was born in 1992, September 9 in .
After graduating a college, he worked at the market in for short time.
For a while, the family prepares and sells food, but things didn't work on their way.
Sharif Abdullayev went to Russia as a labor migrant in 2012.
Poste's forehead bore significant scarring, resulting from the severe skull and brain injuries he sustained.
Afterwards, he had to undergo the removal of all his teeth.
Tetrachloroethylene is a pleasant-smelling colourless liquid that is used for dry-cleaning.
It is also known as perchloroethylene and perc for short.
It has the chemical formula and it is composed of carbon and twice the chlorine.
It was first made in 1839 in France.
Nicolo Turco (15 January 2004 in Tortona) is an Italian football player.
He plays as forward for the Austrian 2nd league team FC Liefering on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In July 2023, he went to the Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In Salzburg he was loaned to FC Liefering.
He made his debut in the second division in the same month when he came on for Luka Reischl in the 45th minute against FC Dornbirn 1913 on the first day of the 2023/24 season.
He made his debut in the 2nd division in September 2022 when he started against SV Horn on matchday seven of that season.
Prince Stanisław Poniatowski (1754–1833) was a a wealthy Polish nobleman.
Nova Venécia is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Espírito Santo.
50,434 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 1,448 km².
Sebastian Leitner (born 15 April 2005 in Linz) is an Austrian footballer.
He plays for FC Liefering as defender in the 2nd Austrian League.
John Mellberg (born July 30, 2006) is a Swedish football player.
He plays as defender for the Austrian 2nd league club FC Liefering on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Mellberg made his debut for Sweden U-17 in October 2022.
The term septic refers to the anaerobic bacterial environment that develops in the tank that decomposes or mineralizes the waste discharged into the tank.
Septic tanks can be coupled with other onsite wastewater treatment units such as biofilters or aerobic systems involving artificially forced aeration.
Suicide may be linked to many risk factors, including: mental health problems; committing self-harm; pressure from school or university; being bullied; not have lots of friends; poor family environment; pressure to succeed by parents and family deaths; cultural attitudes to suicide; problems with boyfriends or girlfriends; drug abuse; poor physical health or family neglect.
The more risk factors a person has or if they go on for a long time add up to a greater chance of suicide.
There are many ways that a person thinking about suicide can get help.
Firstly, it is important to talk about their feelings to someone they respect and trust.
Just talking to someone else about their feelings can be a great source of help.
Encouraging someone to talk to their family doctor or someone at school can be a way of getting help as all doctors and most teachers are trained to help people thinking about suicide.
One can help prevent adolescent suicide by discouraging isolation, addressing a child's depression which is correlated with suicide, getting rid of any objects that a child could use to attempt suicide, and simply paying attention to what the child does or feels.
Mendes was then loaned out to Austrian club FC Liefering in February 2023.
He then was signed by FC Red Bull Salzburg in July 2023 and given a contract that runs until June 2028.
Alps lie between Sava Valley and Canale Valley thus dividing them into Western and Eastern Julian Alps.
Western part is higher than the Eastern part.
Gomes had regularly continued to ride horses until 2019, aged 123.
The vagina is a canal leading from the outside of the body to the cervix of the uterus or womb.
It is also referred to as the birth canal.
The vagina receives the male penis during sexual intercourse.
Semen is spermatozoa and is ejaculated from the penis into the vagina.
The cervix is the bottom part of the uterus.
This is the lower, narrow portion joining with the upper part of the vagina.
It is cylindrical or conical in shape and sticks down through the upper vaginal wall.
Approximately half its length is visible.
It is the opening where the baby emerges during birth.
The uterus is a pear-shaped muscular organ.
Its major function is to accept a fertilized ovum which becomes implanted into the lining of the uterus.
The baby gets its nourishment from blood vessels of the uterus.
The female reproductive system develops based upon chromosome characteristics at conception.
The mother's egg contains an X chromosome and the father's sperm contains either an X or Y chromosome.
It is the male who determines the fetus's sex.
If the fetus inherits the X chromosome from the father, the fetus will be a female.
Testosterone is not made and the fetus develops female sex organs.
If the fetus inherits the Y chromosome from the father, the fetus will be a male.
The presence of testosterone in the embryo will stimulate the development of the male sex organs.
Genitoplasty refers to surgery that is carried out to repair damaged sex organs.
This is done particularly following cancer and its treatment.
Sometime in 1942 in Volgoda, a schoolteacher was taken to a hospital, suffering from tuberculosis.
There, he gave a nurse named Rebekah Trifonovah in the hospital, a notebook which was Yuri Ryabinkin's diary.
The schoolteacher was so weak that he could not talk, and therefore, he did not say where he got the diary.
He died a few days later in the hospital.
Uterine sarcomas and fibroids are alike.
Both have an increased uterine size.
Abdominal pain and vaginal bleeding happen in both.
It can be difficult to tell them apart.
Unusual vaginal bleeding may be a sign of uterine sarcoma.
Other signs of a uterine sarcoma can be pelvic pain, pressure, and unusual discharge.
If a uterus is larger than normal this could also be a sign.
There is no special test to detect a uterine sarcoma.
A Pap smear is a screening test for cervical cancer and not designed to detect uterine sarcoma.
MRI is able to find the differences between leiomyomas and uterine sarcomas.
Investigations by the physician include imaging (ultrasound, CAT scan, MRI) and, if possible, obtaining a tissue diagnosis by biopsy, hysteroscopy, or D&C.
Ultimately the diagnosis is established by the histologic examination of the specimen.
Typically malignant lesions have >10 mitosis per high power field.
In contrast, a uterine leiomyoma as a benign lesion would have < 5 mitoses per high power field.
A patron of art and culture, Al-Hakam's library of over 400,000 volumes and forty-four-volume catalogue was one of the largest Islamic collections of the time.
His personal library was of enormous proportions.
Some accounts speak of him having more than 600,000 books.
The catalogue of library books itself was claimed to be 44 volumes long.
Of special importance to Al-Hakam was history, and he himself wrote a history of al-Andalus.
Following his death, Hajib Almanzor had all ancient science books destroyed.
The County of Vaduz was a state located in the Holy Roman Empire from 1342 to 1719.
Its capital was the town of Vaduz.
Urinary incontinence is the uncontrolled leakage of urine.
It is common and has a big effect a person's life.
It is an important problem in healthcare for older people.
Enuresis is incontinence in children.
Nocturnal enuresis is bed wetting.
Urinary incontinence UI can can be a source of shame or stigmatization.
It creates barriers to successful treatment and makes the problem worse.
People may be too embarrassed to seek medical help for urinary incontinence.
Rut Laskier, nicknamed Rutka Laskier (12 June 1929 – December 1943), was a Polish girl of Jewish background, who kept a diary in the Będzin concentration camp, in early 1943.
In August 1943, Rutka and her family were deported by train to a extermination camp.
Her mother and brother were gassed upon arrival, whilst her father was sent to do forced labor.
Rutka was originally believed to have died in the gas chambers with her mother and brother, but when her diary was published, a Holocaust survivor Zofia Minc said that she was friends with a girl named Rutka Laskier in the camp, whom she said came from Będzin.
She also said that she was friends with her until she died from a cholera epidemic in the camp in December 1943.
She then stated that Rutka was taken to the gas chambers.
She then said that Rutka begged her [Zofia] to take her to the electric fence, so she could kill herself.
She did so, but an SS guard following them would not allow it.
He then grabbed Rutka and took her away.
She said that she did not know what happened to Rutka, after that.
Zofia assumed that Rutka died the same day she last saw her.
The diary ends three months later on 24 April 1943, with Rutka noting how beautiful and sunny the weather looked outside of her house.
The Będzin concentration camp was a Nazi concentration camp in the Silesian Voivodeship in southern Poland, located near the city of Będzin.
The concentration camp was first established in 1940.
The diastase number of Bashkir Honey is very high- 22-50.
About 5-6 thousand tons of honey is produced annually in Bashkortostan.
Various countries import Bashkir Honey, astronauts take it into space.
A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC).
An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings.
United Arab Emirates played their first ODI in 1994.
In 1970/71 he played again for SK Rapid, in 1971/72 again for 1.
FC Nürnberg and in 1972/72 73 for the Linzer ASK.
From 1973 to 1980 he played for three Viennese clubs.
With Rapid he won the cup in 1976 and was runner-up the following year.
With the Wiener Sport-Club he was runner-up again in 1979.
With the First Vienna FC 1894 he got relegated in 1980 and then ended his playing career at the age of 35.
Starek played 22 times for the Austrian national football team and scored four goals.
He debuted on 1 May 1968 in Linz in a 1-1 draw against Romania.
His last match was on 28 September 1974 in Vienna in a 1-0 win over Hungary.
He scored his first goal on 6 November 1968 in Glasgow in the 1-2 defeat by Scotland.
After his playing career he became manager.His first coaching position was at SV Austria Salzburg for a year.
He coached Grazer AK for another year and FC Admira/Wacker for three years.
From 1985 to 1987 he was assistant coach of the Austrian national team and head coach of the Austrian U-21s.
The history of the Abhiras is shrouded in much obscurity.
The Abhira dynasty was founded by Ishwarsena.
The branch came to power after the demise of the Satavahanas in the Nasik region of Maharashtra, with the help and consent of the Western Satraps (Sakas).
They were known as Gavali rajas indicating that they were cowherds by profession before becoming kings.
Ten Abhira kings ruled in the Maharashtra region of the Deccan, whose names have not been mentioned in the Puranas.
The descendants of the Abhiras can be recognized by their surnames, such as Ahir, Ahire, Ahir-Rao etc.
These surnames are commonly found in Khandesh and Western Maharashtra.
Operations have been established in Wuhan and Shenzhen.
The operation in Waterford was established in 2009 in Cleaboy Business Park and now employs 20 office staff and more than 120 care givers.
The Irish franchise annually produces The Senior Citizen & Family Carer Guidebook, which is given away.
The firm has made an investment in GrandPad, a tablet technology company based in California which is intended to reduce client loneliness and improve social connectivity.
Cairo was the codename of an unreleased software project by Microsoft, intended to bring next-generation technologies to Windows NT.
The project was originally announced at the 1991 PDC (Professional Developers Conference) and later demoed at the 1993 PDC.
The death of Queen Cleopatra VII, on August 10 or 12, 30 BC, in Alexandria Governorate.
Queen Cleopatra was 39 years old.
But Queen Cleopatra committed suicide, as the Greek and Roman historians said, she ended herself or named the same Cleopatra herself by means of toxic bandages.
Боже, Царя храни!
Дай на земли.
Боже, храни!
Дай на земли!
The Datsun 240z is a sports car sold by former brand Datsun (Nissan) it was sold by Nissan from 1969-1973, Nissan sold 168,000 240z in America alone.
The Producers is a 2005 American musical comedy film written by Mel Brooks and Thomas Meehan and directed by Susan Stroman.
The film is based on the eponymous 2001 Broadway musical, which in turn was based on Brooks' 1967 film of the same name.
Et pour faire du Niger la fierté de l’Afrique.
Chicago and Miriam Schapiro created the Feminist Art Program at the California Institute of the Arts.
In 1972, Chicago and Schapiro headed the creation of an art installation in an entire abandoned house.
It was call Womanhouse.
It was filled with art created by women.
Simintov and Levin argued frequently about who was the rightful owner of the synagogue, and they lived in different wings of the synagogue.
Each would complain to the Taliban about the other, to the point that the Taliban imprisoned both men.
Chibapsetta is an extinct genus of righteye flounder that lived during the Pleistocene epoch in what is now Japan.
It is a member of the Pleuronectidae.
Walter Ludescher (born October 5, 1942) is a former Austrian football player and coach.
He played as defender.
By profession he was teacher.
He later was a professor and head of the Bundesgymnasium/Bundesrealgymnasium Klagenfurt, Mössingerstraße.
Ludescher first played in the youth team at Klagenfurter AC.
He began his career at SK Austria Klagenfurt in the then Tauernliga (league of the federal states of Carinthia and Salzburg).
After a total of seven years, he briefly switched back to Klagenfurter AC and then to SK Rapid Wien.
From 1964 to 1968 he played for FC Wacker Innsbruck.
27 September 1964 in a 3-2 win versus Jugoslavija.
His last match was on 18 June 1966 in a 1-0 loss versus Italy.
Tourism in Singapore is a major industry and contributor to the Singaporean economy.
The Fußballgemeinschaft Salzburg was a wartime syndicate of three football clubs in the city of Salzburg, Austria (then Ostmark) during World War II and existed from April 1943 to April 1945.
Homna is an upazila of Bangladesh Comilla District.
In 1905 Daudkandi Thana was divided and Homna Thana was formed.
In 1984 Homna Thana was upgraded to Upazila.
In 2001, 4 Unions of Homna Upazila (Chalibhanga, Chandanpur, Manikarchar and Radhanagar Union) were merged with Meghna Upazila to form Meghna Upazila.
At present Homna Upazila consists of 1 municipality and 9 union parishads.
World Photography Day is celebrated on August 19 every year Everyone around the world celebrates World Photography Day through various events.
The first standardised road signage schemes appeared in 1922.
At first, two types of signs were established: road warning signs equivalent to warning signs and road guide signs as information signs.
Warning signs depict of a white upwards triangle with a red border.
Mandeali (Takri: ) is a language of northern India.
Most speakers are in the Mandi district of Himachal Pradesh.
The people of the Mandi Valley and particularly in the major city of Mandi speak the language.
Other spellings for the name are Mandiyali and Mandiali.
UNESCO says it is a highly endangered language.
Speakers of the dialect have decreased by 21% from 1961 to 2001.
Thomas Ricca was born and raised in Hammonton, New Jersey.
He graduated from Hammonton High School in 1986.
He trained as a professional wrestler underLarry Sharpe and debuted November 9, 1990, as one-half of the tag team The Hammonton Hitmen.
His debut was at a charity event that benefited the troops that were serving in the Gulf War.
After his debut, Ricca was asked to work independently as The Hammonton Hitman.
On July 29, 1991, Ricca wrestled for WWE at a television taping for an episode of the World Wrestling Federation (WWF)s Superstars of Wrestling and wrestled Hacksaw Jim Duggan.
The episode aired on August 31, 1991.
In 1992, at The Brawl at the Hall, Ricca debuted as The Pharaoh against Glen Madman Osbourne in the first main event.
The Pharaoh pinned Osbourne after a flying back flip off the top rope.
In June 1998, Ricca opened up Powerslam, a professional wrestling training center in Hammonton, New Jersey.
Powerslam officially opened during the Red, White and Blueberry Festival.
In 2000, Ricca unveiled his promotion, Arena Kaged Wrestling (AKW), at the same location as Powerslam.
Matches aired on WMCN-TV.
For a February 2002 AKW event, Ricca added headliners that included Disco Inferno, Vito LoGrasso, Daffney, Lou Albano, Dick Woehrle and Gary Wolfe.
In 2015, a limited amount of Retro Action Figures of Ricca was made that brought attention to him in the media.
Track 1 remixed by Freddy Bastone.
The Antinous Braschi is a marble sculpture representing Hadrian's lover (117-138 AD), Antinous.
He is depicted with great beauty and splendour, such is his beauty that he could even be compared to a god of Olympus.
Elizabeth Cecilia van Zyl ( – ), was a Boer child who died in the Bloemfontein concentration camp from typhoid during the Second Boer War.
Thomas Janeschitz (born 22 June 1966) is an Austrian professional football manager and former player.
He is head coach of 2.
Liga club FC Dornbirn.
He then followed Koller as assistant coach to FC Basel in Switzerland in August 2018.
In August 2020 he left FC basel.
For the 2022/23 season he took over the second division club FC Dornbirn 1913 as head coach.
The is one of the national seals of Japan and is used as the official seal of state.
Sara Jean Underwood is a American nude model, television host and actress.
She was chosen as Playmate of the Month for the July 2006 issue of Playboy Magazine and later became Playmate of the Year in 2007.
she was best known for being on G4’s Attack of the Show!from 2010 until 2013 when she was the anchor for one of the AOTS segments, “ The Feed “.
Incredible Crew is and American sketch comedy television series, created by Nick Cannon for Cartoon Network.
Cannon created the series in early 2012, and the series aired as a sneak peek on December 31, 2012 to April 11, 2013, featuring a 22-minute run time.
Pomacentridae is a family of ray-finned fish, being made up of the damselfishes and clownfishes.
This family were formerly placed in the order Perciformes but are now seen as being incertae sedis in the subseries Ovalentaria in the clade Percomorpha.
The neritic zone (or sublittoral zone) is the relatively shallow part of the ocean above the drop-off of the continental shelf, approximately in depth.
The Royal Automobile Club is a group of people.
The group has two locations.
There is one location in London.
There is another location in Woodcote Park in Surrey.
At these locations, you can find places to eat, places to sleep, and places to play sports.
Listed below in alphabetical order, are the web browsers that are based on Firefox.
It also uses Comodo's Secure DNS service instead of using the DNS of the internet service provider.
The Secure DNS aims to load pages faster and make browsing safer as it blocks malicious website connections live.
It is available for IA-32, x86-64, and PowerPC architectures.
The current copies are only for Linux and macOS, with unofficial copies for Windows and Android.
It is available for Linux, Windows, and MacOS.
There are also some unofficial builds for FreeBSD and OpenBSD.
Abudefduf, also known as the sergeant-majors, is a genus of fish in the family Pomacentridae.
On 8 December 2022, the boy was positively identified as Joseph Augustus Zarelli, after remaining unidentified for 65 years, 9 months, and 13 days.
Geir Frigård (born 3 November 1970) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
He played five times for the Norway national team, scoring one goal.
In 1997–98, he was top scorer in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He retired from playing in 2007.
The scissortail sergeant or striptailed damselfish (Abudefduf sexfasciatus) is a large damselfish.
It earns its name from the black-striped tail and sides, which are remind people of the insignia of a military Sergeant, being similar to those of the sergeant major damselfish.
It grows to a length of about .
Scissortail sergeants live on coral reefs at depths of up to in tropical reaches, often living in a group surrounding a single head of coral.
They are found on reefs in the Indo-Pacific region, including the Red Sea.
This fish is popular in the aquarium trade.
It is very aggressive and difficult to stay peaceful with other similar size fishes.
Franz Jelinek (born 19 July 1922 in Vienna; died 20 May 1944 in Pastena) was an Austrian football player.
Jelinek, drafted into service in the Wehrmacht, died as a soldier on 20 May 1944 after the Battle of Monte Cassino.
All songs recorded live during the second leg of the Blizzard of Ozz Tour.
Meta operates an internet engine named Giphy for finding GIF files.
The diary was first published in 1977, with the name Dagboek geschreven in Vught (Diary written in Vught).
The editor was Karel van het Reve, Koker's best friend, a professor of Slavic languages and literature.
Karel collected and edited the smuggled diary fragments.
The manuscript was stored at the Dutch Institute for War Documentation (NIOD).
It had been translated to English and was published in 2012, under the title: At the Edge of the Abyss: A Concentration Camp Diary, 1943-1944.
Koker's diary was in finalist for the Jewish Book Award in the Holocaust category in 2012.
Ernst Reitermaier (26 December 1918 – 4 May 1993)was an Austrian football player.
The striker was Austria's top scorer in 1942 and won the championship and cup with SC Wacker Wien in 1947.
Almedin Hota (born 22 July 1976 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian retired professional footballer.
Friedrich Kominek (born 17 January 1927 in Vienna – died 25 October 2002) was an Austrian football player and manager.
In Austria he played mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Scientifically Accurate is when ADHD takes the spoof of movies and tv shows.
Each song was written and performed by Heather Anne Campbell.
There are 15 shorts in total.
Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American singer Paula Abdul.
Released on September 26, 2000 by Virgin Records.
Körner made his debut for Austria in November 1948 against Sweden He was a participant at the 1954 FIFA World Cup.
He earned 16 caps and one goal.
Illegal drugs are expensive, and some of the people trading wit them are themselves addicted to the drug.
There are many possibilities to spend you free time in Lüdenscheid.
Citizens who used the services of qiyān, were thought to be rich.
Soldiers also asked citizens for money, who they thought would be rich.
This made ostentatious behavior risky.
Noakhalian or Noakhailla Bengali is a dialect of Bengali language, spoken in the Greater Noakhali, South Tripura and some other parts of Chittagong Division.
Irish linguist Grierson classified this dialect in the Southeastern Bengali group of dialects of Bengali language.
Les' Copaque was founded by Haji Burhanuddin Md Radzi and Hajah Ainon Ariff as publishers.
FC Libertas Wien (Latin for freedom) was an Austrian football club from Ottakring, a district of Vienna.
From 1932 to 1937 he played for a total of five seasons in the first division.
Ludwig Brousek (20 March 1908 – 14 August 1974) was an Austrian football player.
He played mainly for FC Libertas Wien.
He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
In western usage, the term came to mean the harem concubine.
They were often shown in paintings.
Shiism took Ali's view.
It also introduced temporary marriages.
Sunni Muslims take Umar's view.
The flag of Eastern Province is used for the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka since 22 May 2007.
T.
A.
Jayalakshmi, in one of her earliest movie roles, was there for a short scene as a dancer.
Veppathur Kittoo played Sasankan's spy and was an assistant director.
Studio staff, families, and passers-by joined as extra people.
They played spectators, or viewers in circus scenes.
Vasan introduced Chandralekha in the movie during her circus performance with a voice-over.
Sim Racing, short for simulated racing, is a popular genre of video gaming that seeks to replicate the experience of real-world auto racing within a virtual environment.
This immersive form of entertainment has gained a substantial following among motorsport enthusiasts and gaming communities worldwide.
Keïta joined hometown club Horoya AC at the age of nine.
He moved to France in 2012, joining the youth team of FC Istres after unsuccessful trials at FC Lorient and Le Mans FC.
Keïta began his professional career with Ligue 2 club FC Istres in 2013.
2014 he moved to Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
He won the Austrian Football Bundesliga and Austrian Cup double in both of his seasons.
2016 he moved to RB Leipzig.
He agreed to join Liverpool in 2017.
2023 he went to Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga.
Keïta made his senior international debut for Guinea in 2012.
He has earned 52 caps and scored 12 goals.
He was part of their squad at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2015, 2019 and 2021.
The top two teams qualified for the quarter finals.
Due to the withdrawal of India in group A, results against the fourth-placed teams of each group B and C were not counted in determining the ranking of the third-placed teams.
The song was able to make it to #13 on the Modern Rock Track Billboard chart, #42 on the UK Singles OCC chart, and #92 on the ARIA Charts.
A music video for the song was released.
In the video, the group drives a car through a portal from 1999 to 1959.
S Club race another group called The Rockets in the desert, a reference to the 1978 movie Grease.
They dance and draw S's in the sky with their fingers.
They win the race.
Olivia is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Olivia.
It was released on May 15, 2001, through J.
As Olivia was the first artist signed to the record label, Olivia was referred to as the First Lady of J.
Forced labor, which can be different from slavery, is defined as any work or services which people are forced to do against their will under the threat of some form of punishment.
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the indigenous people are usually victims of their Bantu neighbors, who have replaced the positions once held by Arabs and Europeans.
All portuguese citizens, including non-citizens (both EU and Non-EU), are required to carry on an identity card or passport in portuguese territory, and may there fines if not.
Michael Servetus was born 1511 in Spain.
As a young adult, he moved to France to live and study medicine there.
Dune Bryers had three brothers and two sisters.
He spent his childhood on his parents' farm in Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
When he was twelve, the family moved to Virginia, Minnesota, where he lived until 1939.
He then had studios in Chicago and New York City.
Since some groups had six teams and others had five, matches against the sixth-placed team in the groups with six teams were not counted.
For the 1911/12 season, the NÖFV (Lower Austrian Football Association) announced a championship with compulsory match dates for Viennese clubs for the first time.
This championship is officially considered the first Austrian football championship.
Because the Austria-Hungary Empire existed then there was a second equal Austrian championship in Moravia-Silesia.
In Hungary, a championship was organized by the Hungarian Football Association for the seventh time.
From today's perspective if you refere to the Austrian championship of 1912 you mean first class of the NöFV.
Between 1940 and 1942, Biélinky kept a diary detailing daily life in Paris, and the persecution of the Jews.
In the first months of the occupation, he noticed extremely few anti-Semitic allusions.
On 27 September 1940, the Nazi German government of France ordered that a poster with a yellow star should be hanged up on the walls of any store that is operated by Jewish people.
Yet people still could continue enter and buy stuff from those stores.
Biélinky was arrested on the night of 10–11 February 1943, during a razzia by the French police and was deported to the Drancy internment camp.
The iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max are mobile phones made by Apple.
They are the ones after the iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max.
These phones were introduced at an Apple event called Wonderlust in September 2023.
Customers could order it on September 9.
They could buy it on September 22.
In short, Inductive charging is a type of wireless power transfer that uses electromagnetic induction to provide electricity to portable devices.
Czesława Kwoka was born into a Polish-born Roman Catholic family.
As part of the implementation of Generalplan Ost in 1942, the displacement of residents from the regions next to Zamość began.
They were divided into districts.
Wólka Złojecka and seven nearby towns were assigned to the largest town, Złojec in the Nielisz commune.
Beginning in early December 1942, people residing in towns belonging to the Nielisz commune, were evacuated.
The song was able to make it to #9 on the Rock/Alternative RPM chart, #8 on the Modern Rock Track and #48 on the Radio Songs Billboard charts, and #76 on the ARIA Charts.
Spin ranked the song #14 on their list of The 95 Best Alternative Rock Songs of 1995.
Lukas Aurednik (20 February 1918 in Vienna – 2 June 1997) was an Austrian football player.
In Austria he played as striker mainly for Austria and Rapid.
He also played in France.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He later continued his career as a coach.
As coach he worked mainly in Greece.
After becoming player-coach at the lower-class SC Austria Lustenau in 1953, the striker went again to France again in 1954.
He played in Lens for two years and scored six goals in 29 appearances in the French Division 1 in his first season.
In the 1955–56 season he and his team reached the runner-up position together with Erich Habitzl.
From 1956 to 1958 he was active in Division 2 at Le Havre AC and scored 12 goals in 60 championship games.
Aurednik made it into the Austrian national team in 1948 when he was already 30 years old.
He made his debut for Austria in the game against Czechoslovakia on 31 October 1948 in Preßburg.
His last match was on 13 December 1950 versus Scotland.
In total, he played 14 international matches for the national team and scored two goals.
Ancient Meitei literature is literature of Ancient Meitei language (Old Manipuri language) of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur).
All the books for it are written in the old Meitei script.
The books are called the Puyas.
After Dancing with Our Hands Tied, Taylor Swift sang the surprise song which was different at every show.
She used her acoustic guitar.
My advice is—give it up!
The E Line begins service at 4:30 a.m.
and ends around 11:45 p.m.
each night.
During the day, trains on weekdays are scheduled to come every 8-10 minutes.
Trains on the weekends are scheduled to come every 10 minutes.
In the early mornings and late nights, trains are scheduled to come every 20 minutes.
Yoko Moriwaki was born and raised into a Japanese family in Hiroshima, Empire of Japan (modern-day Japan).
On 7 December 1941, the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor in the Hawaii territory (modern-day Hawaii), in the United States, in a surprise attack, thus marking the beginning of the Pacific War, and also the atrocities and sufferings of Japanese civilians.
The situation of the country worsened in 1945, with the bombings of most Japanese cities, in addition to hunger and forced labor for children.
In April 1945, Yoko, then 12, began writing a diary.
The first entry in her diary is dated 6 April 1945.
Shortly after the first entry in her diary, Yoko entered the seventh grade at the Hiroshima Prefectural Girls' HS #1 School (schools in Japan begin in April).
In addition to writing about her daily life and feelings, she also wrote about her education in school, and about American war planes flying over Japanese cities.
The last entry in her diary is dated 5 August 1945.
The next day on the morning hours of 6 August, the United States dropped a atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, to convince the Japanese to surrender and end World War II.
60% of the city's population had died in the bombing.
Only 40% survived.
Yoko Moriwaki died that same day on the evening hours of at the age of 13, whilst hospitalized as a result of her severe wounds.
The identity of Wahkare Khety is rather disputed.
Some historians believe he was the founder of the Ninth Dynasty of Egypt.
Others believe he was a pharaoh in the Tenth Dynasty of Egypt.
Many scholars believe that Wahkare Khety was the writer of the book Teaching for King Merykare.
It is known that whoever wrote that book, also wrote his name.
The writer wrote his name as Khety.
However, the theory that the name Khety referred to as Wahkare Khety is disputed.
Other scholars believed that Meryibre Khety, another Egyptian pharaoh, wrote the book, and not Wahkare.
In 2023, he presented himself as a candidate for governor of Chaco for the Together for Change front, internally facing Juan Carlos Polini, national deputy of the UCR and in alliance with former governor Roy Abelardo Nikisch, whom he led as a candidate for mayor.
Zdero won the election on June 18, 2023 with a total of 121,970 votes, surpassing Polini's 103,508, and the sum of their votes exceeded the number of votes obtained by Jorge Capitanich's ruling party.
For this election, Zdero had the support of both presidential representatives of Juntos, such as Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and Patricia Bullrich.
​He also declared that Chaco was marked by a lot of darkness, in reference to the case of Cecilia Strzyzowski allegedly murdered by the Sena Family, directly linked to Governor Capitanich.
The Geheime Feldpolizei (Secret Field Police) was the secret military police of until 1945 when it was disbanded.
The relegated SV Amateure Fiat Wien joined Floridsdorfer AC, which was promoted next season.
To reach Vindhyachal Temple, you can use Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport, which is 72 kilometers away.
The nearest railway station is Vindhyachal railway station (BDL), just 1 kilometer from the temple, with connections to Delhi-Howrah and Mumbai-Howrah routes.
Mirzapur railway station (MZP) is another option, about 9 kilometers away.
State-run buses, taxis, and local cars are available for travel, and National Highway 2 (NH 2) connects to the area.
Suede leather is created from the softer underside of animal skin.
It's mainly made from lamb skin, although goat, calf, and deerskin are also used.
Sometimes, even thick cow and deer hides are turned into suede, but they end up having a more rugged, shaggy texture because of the fibers in them.
The School District of Lee County manages public education in Lee County, Florida.
As of the 2019–20 school year, there were 95,647 students attending 119 schools in the district, which had an operating budget of $1.327 billion.
The song is a protest song against former President Donald Trump.
The song was made in less than an hour.
YG said that he made the song after seeing Hussle's connection and work with Mexican immigrants and Nipsey said he was angry about Trump's views on Hispanic people and immigration.
YG said that the United States Secret Service tried to stop his album's release.
In the 1990s, there was a short trend where people wore leather jackets with an eight-ball pattern.
Sometimes, this style comes back as a retro fashion.
Leather jackets are usually made from the skin of animals such as antelope, buckskin, goatskin, sheepskin, horsehide, and cowhide.
After the skin is removed from the animal at a meat processing plant, it's kept cold, covered in salt, or placed in barrels with a salty liquid.
Then, it's sent to a tannery where the skin goes through several processes to preserve it and make it soft.
Other materials like thread, lining, seam tape, buttons, snaps, and zippers are typically bought from different suppliers and stored in the factory where the jackets are made.
Eyelar Mirzazadeh (born 16 December 1993) is a Netherlands singer, songwriter, For her own music, she performs under her first name, Eyelar.
Her parents are Iranian.
Eyelar Mirzazadeh was born in Amsterdam on 16 December 1993.
She grew up in a musical household.
Her family roots are in Iran and she grew up with Persian music.
As a child, she entertained guests at house parties with her singing and improvised dancing.
Later, influences from contemporary R&B and hip-hop were added.
At the age of 16 she appeared on Dutch television to the music of Mary J.
Blige.
Shortly thereafter she reached the semi-finals of The Voice of Holland.
He played as forward.
He started his career with Wiener Sport-Club.
Then he went to SSW Innsbruck.
From 1974 to 1979 he won two championships and the ÖFB Cup twice.
He then moved abroad.
With AZ Alkmaar he suffered a broken leg in a build-up game against Beveren at the beginning of August 1979.
He won the Dutch championship and cup in 1981.
He missed the top scorer's crown by just two goals .
With the team he played in the UEFA Cup final.
This was followed by two years at FC Valencia, a year at KAA Gent and half a season at Olympiakos Piraeus before he returned to SSW Innsbruck in the winter of 1984/85.
Kurt Welzl spent the end of his career in Austria for FC Swarovski Tirol, the Grazer AK in the Bundesliga and in the 1987/88 season in the 2nd division with SV Spittal/Drau.
The Iranian Azerbaijanis who commonly known as Iranian Azeris, are a Turkic-speaking people of mostly Iranian origin and Azerbaijani is a Turkic language learned and spoken by Iranian peasants.
Sometimes, Taylor Swift did not sing You Are in Love.
Instead, she surprised the crowd with a random song.
Roland Hattenberger (born 7 December 1948 in Jenbach) is a former Austrian football player.
In Austria he played mainly for SSW Innsbruck.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Hattenberger began his career at SK Jenbach, where he played from 1956 to 1963.
Then he went to SC Kufstein.
In 1968 he moved to WSG Wattens.
In 1971 he moved to SSW Innsbruck in the Bundesliga.
In 1974 he moved to Germany.
There he played for SC Fortuna Köln and VfB Stuttgart.
1981 he returned to Austria and worked for SSW Innsbruck and then SC Kufstein.
In 1987 he ended his active career.
Alfred James Lotka (2nd Mrch 1880-5th December 1949) was an Austrian-American chemist and mathematician.
Today, he is seen as one of the founders of mathematical demography.
Lotka parents were American.
Lotka studied chemistry in Lemberg (today called Lvov, Ukraine).
Today, he is known as one of the author of the predator-prey equations.
Today, these equations are still used for many models of population dynamics in ecology.
The National League Commission had decided to give the upcoming champions a bonus of 55,000 schillings, while the eleventh-placed team would receive another 5,000 schillings.
A total of 330,000 schillings had to be paid out.
In September 2021, Garena released Free Fire Max, a graphically improved version of the game with improved textures, lighting, and sound effects.
In September 2023, Garena plans to introduce Free Fire India, a special version of the game customized specifically for the Indian audience.
It was originally set to be launched on 5 September 2023, but Garena postponed the date to 25 September citing that they are improving the gameplay.
The game features two main game modes: Battle Royale and Clash Squad.
In Battle Royale, 50 players are dropped onto an island where they search for weapons, resources, and supplies.
The goal is to be the last player or team standing.
As the game progresses, a shrinking safe zone forces players into close combat, making the battle intense.
The battle royale mode usually takes 15 minutes to complete a game.
Clash Squad is a team-based mode where two teams of 4 players fight each other until one of the team wins 4 round.
UNICEF Photo of the Year is an award given to photos and short documentary movies which show the personality and living conditions of children around the world.
The award is given to professional photographers, who have been preselected and recommended to UNICEF by a jury.
The head of the jury (as of 2023), is Rolf Nobel, a German photographer.
Caesar died 85 BC, whilst putting his shoes on, in the morning hours.
He died from undetermined and suspicious-like causes.
Another man with the last name Caesar died similarly in Pisa.
Ali Ammar (; 14 May 1930 – 8 October 1957), better known by his nickname Ali la Pointe, was an Algerian revolutionary fighter and guerrilla leader of the National Liberation Front who fought for Algerian independence against the French colonial regime, during the Battle of Algiers.
Seeing his potential, FLN (National Liberation Front) militants explained to him that Algeria was a victim of colonialism and recruited him to their cause.
After a trial conducted by Yacef Saadi to test his commitment (which he successfully passed) he was hired in the FLN.
Within few months he became an important member of FLN.
Ali first suggested the idea to FLN leaders of a hidden passageway that, in case of alert, would let fighters reach the terraces of the houses near hideouts quickly.
This idea was used often.
Ali used his skill as a mason to make the tunnels.
According to Christopher Cradock and M.L.R.
Smith, the chief assassin for FLN.
After some figures of the local underworld suspected of being informants were executed by Ali, such as Rafai Abdelkader, Said Bud Abbot and Hocine Bourtachi, he sowed terror in the casbah, according to Marie-Monique Robin, a documentary filmmaker and TV journalist by applying revolutionary instructions, such as not allowing drinking alcohol or smoking.
All the french press at the time reported on the events that “Ali La Pointe blowed himself up with the stock of explosives he held instead of reporting that “he was attacked in his lair(a secret or hidden place) by paratroopers.
It is not much doubted that the objective of these propaganda was clearly aimed to not make him a martyr so as not to push young Algerians to follow his path.
Many famous actors like Tom Cruise in and Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic have worn this hairstyle.
It is also seen in manga, anime, and video game characters like Trunks from Dragon Ball and Squall Leonhart from Final Fantasy VIII.
Many K-Pop stars, including members of BTS and EXO, also have this haircut.
On 10 October 1939, Mary Berg wrote the first entry in a new notebook of her diary.
In the first entry of her diary she wrote that several years ago she did write a diary (which is lost), but stopped, but eventually decided to continue writing, several years later.
The last entry in her diary is dated 7 March 1944, more than three years later after she wrote the first entry in her diary.
They have an olive brown to green, torpedo-shaped body armored with ganoid scales.
They have elongated, spade-like jaws and sharp, cone-shaped teeth on each side of the upper jaw.
Elsie Katz was born as Elsie Taussig on in Prague, Austria-Hungary (modern-day Czech Republic).
As a adult, she married Hugo Lederer, but when their marriage relationship ended (because he died or they got divorced), she married Sigefried Katz.
In the first week of August 1944, the Nazis ordered inmates who had tuberculosis to be sent to Auschwitz, so they can die in the gas chambers.
Vera wanted to go to Auschwitz with her mother Elsa, so she would not be alone, so Vera asked a Nazi guard whether she could also go, but to their surprise, the guard allowed both Elsa and her daughter Vera to stay behind in the Theresienstadt Ghetto.
Elsa died sometime later on 6 August 1944, from tuberculosis, at the age of 51.
Her body was later buried.
Her husband died in the Theresienstadt Ghetto in 1944 (the same year Elsa died).
The same month her mother died, Vera discovered a notebook in Elsa's bed.
When she opened and read it, she found out that it was a diary which was written by her mother.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Sinn Féin MPs do not take up their seats in the House of Commons, therefore are unable to vote.
George Habash (1926-2008) also known by his nickname Al-Hakim (the wise one), was a Palestinian revolutionary and political leader.
He was born in Lydda, Palestine.
Habash was the founder of Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), a famous Palestinian armed resistance group.
He remained a significant figure in Palestinian politics until his retirement in 2000.
George Habash died in 2008.
The first semi-final will be held on the 7th of May 2024.
Fifteen countries competed in this semi-final while Germany, Sweden and the UK also performed.
All countries from this semi-final will be able to vote, as well as viewers from non-participating countries under one rest of the world online vote.
The ten countries with the most votes will qualify for the final.
The second semi-final will be held on the 9th of May 2024.
Sixteen countries took part in this semi-final while France, Italy and Spain also performed their songs.
All countries from this semi-final will be able to vote, as well as viewers from non-participating countries under one rest of the world online vote.
The ten countries with the most votes will qualify for the final.
Pseudophilautus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae.
Some of them live in India in the Western Ghat mountains and some live in Sri Lanka.
Some of these frogs are extinct.
Other times, scientists thought a species was extinct, but it was not.
The municipal council is elected until late 2027.
Group A of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, and Norway.
They played their matches from the 16th to the 24th of July in 2017.
Group B of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like Germany, Italy, Russia and Sweden.
Only the top two teams from the four groups, qualified for the knockout stage.
Due to dehydration, Furuta would vomit which cause the captors to become angry and beat her even more.
They fed her water, milk, and her own urine due to not being able to control her bladder because of how badly they beat her.
They also forced her to eat live cockroahes.
They would force her to be naked most of the time, putting her in a freezer and making her sleep on the balcony in cold weather.
After 20 days, she couldn't walk.
They would dump lighter fluid on her legs, set her on fire and crush her hands with dumbbells.
Accordingly, those who are as different [from other men] as the soul from the body or man from beast—and they are in this state if their work is the use of the body, and if this is the best that can come from them—are slaves by nature.
For them it is better to be ruled in accordance with this sort of rule, if such is the case for the other things mentioned.
For he is a slave by nature who is capable of belonging to another–which is also why he belongs to another–and who participates in reason only to the extent of perceiving it, but does not have it.
The song was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP), Association of Hungarian Record Companies (MAHASZ), and Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana (FIMI).
The story is set in 1945 in Japan during the final months of World War II.
Seita (aged 14) and his younger sister Setsuko (aged 4), are children who temporarily have no parents, after their mother dies in the bombing of Kobe (the children survived the bombing), while their father is out serving the Japanese Imperial Navy during the war, and knows nothing about the situation of his family back home.
Because of this, Seita and Setsuko move in with their aunt who lives in the nearby city of Nishinomiya.
Their aunt seems kind at first, but later treats them badly.
After repeated insults, the children pack up and leave their aunt's house and move into an abandoned bomb shelter, which is located on the banks of a nearby river.
Seita and Setsuko are well-fed at first but that lasts only a short while.
The two fall into hunger, and after a while, the hunger turns into starvation.
Meanwhile, Seita begins stealing food, for which he is assaulted by a farmer and sent to the police.
The police realizes that he is stealing out of starvation and releases him from the station.
Shorlty after his release, Seita continues stealing food.
The war ends with the surrender of the Japanese.
All of the ships serving the Japanese Imperial Navy had been sunk, and Seita and Setsuko's father is most likely dead, thus making them possible orphans.
Seita is distraught upon learning of this.
By the time the war ends, Setsuko is very weak and she dies shortly after the war ends.
After her death, Seita buys some charcoal and cremates her body.
After the cremation, Seita decides to leave the bomb shelter and become homeless.
He dies in a train station all alone from starvation, as people who pass by him, ignore him and pretend they don't notice him.
Upon his death, Seita's spirit reunites with his sister Setsuko's spirit.
The popular vote count was a low single-digit percentage of the adult population.
Even though all states allowed some form of popular vote, only six states allowed any form of popular vote for presidential electors.
In most states only white men, and in many only those who owned property, could vote.
Free black men could vote in four Northern states, and women could vote in New Jersey until 1776.
In some states, there was a religious test for voting.
For example, in Massachusetts and Connecticut, the Congregational Church was made, supported by taxes.
The popular vote totals used are the elector from each party with the highest votes.
The vote totals of Virginia are apparently incomplete.
Sixty-nine electors voted out of a possible 91: Two electors from Maryland and two from Virginia did not vote, the New York government was divided and the state's 8 electors were not appointed (see below), and North Carolina with 7 votes and Rhode Island with 3 votes hadn't recognized the Constitution.
As the Constitution before 1804 says, each elector was allowed to make two votes for president, with a majority of the whole number of electors appointed (the total amount of voters) needed to elect a president.
Out of the 69 electors, everyone voted for Washington who became president.
Of the other candidates, only Adams, Jay, and Hancock received votes from more than one state.
With 34 votes, Adams finished second behind just Washington, and because of that he was elected vice president.
Legend has given Thomas Peters a noble birth in West Africa, whence he was supposedly kidnapped as a young man and brought as a slave to the American colonies.
The earliest documentary evidence places him in 1776 as the 38-year-old slave of William Campbell in Wilmington, North Carolina.
In that year, encouraged by the proclamation issued by Governor Lord Dunmore of Virginia in 1775 promising freedom to rebel-owned slaves who joined the loyalist forces, Peters fled Campbell’s plantation and enlisted in the Black Pioneers in New York.
In 1779, in response to a new invitation to rebel-owned slaves to place themselves under British protection whether they wished to bear arms for the crown or not, a 26-year-old woman named Sally from Charleston, South Carolina, appeared in a British camp, and she too joined the Black Pioneers.
In that service she met Peters, who by 1779 had been promoted sergeant, and they were married.
At some of the concerts, Taylor Swift sang a secret surprise song that was not on the set list.
Sometimes, Taylor Swift invited a guest to sing with her on stage.
Here is the list of people who sang with her and the name of the song they sang together.
Franz Oberacher (born 24 March 1954 in Natters) is a former Austrian football player.
In Austria he played as striker mainly for SSW Innsbruck and Austria Klagenfurt.
He also played for the Austria national football team.
In 1981 he went to AZ Alkmaar in the Netherlands, where he scored 5 goals in 26 games in the Eredivisie.
With Alkmaar he also became Dutch champion in 1982.
In his second season in Alkmaar he was hardly used.
So he returned to Austria in the 1982–83 season and played for Austria Klagenfurt.
For the Carinthians he scored 21 goals in 102 games over 5 seasons.
In 1987 he went to his hometown club SV Natters, for whom he played for one season.
In the 1988–89 season he signed to Rapid Lienz in the Carinthian regional league, and in the 1989–90 season he played for SV Axams.
The title was introduced as the AEW All-Atlantic Championship on the June 8, 2022 episode of Dynamite by commentator Tony Schiavone.
He said that it represents the AEW fans watching in over 130 countries.
He also revealed there would be a tournament to become the first champion.
All songs were written by Martin L.
Gore.
It is viewed as an unsanctioned championship.
During the 1970s the first Goa DJs were generally playing music by psychedelic rock bands such as the Grateful Dead, Pink Floyd and The Doors.
At the 2004 Glastonbury Festival in the UK, psytrance was given a whole day on the Glade stage.
Sadako Sasaki () was a Japanese girl who was a atomic bomb victim.
Sadako, then aged 2, was exposed to the radiation of the atomic bomb when it was dropped on Hiroshima.
After the bombing, she survived for another ten years, becoming one of the most widely known atomic bomb victims of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
She is best known for folding one thousand origami cranes in the hope of recovery.
Sadako Sasaki was born into a Japanese family in the city of Kusunoki.
On the morning hours of 6 August 1945, Sadako was at home with her family when the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
During the bombings, she was thrown out of her house through the window.
Her mother ran outside to find her, suspecting she may be severely injured or even dead, but found Sadako without any apparent injuries.
While they were fleeing, Sadako and her mother were caught in nuclear fallout.
Sadako's grandmother died in the bombings.
After her death, Sadako's body was examined by the Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission (ABCC) for research on the effects of the atomic bomb on the human body.
Her body was cremated after the examination.
At Double or Nothing, Baker won her first championship in AEW.
She defeated Hikaru Shida to win the AEW Women's World Championship.
she defended the championship against Red Velvet and Tay Conti.
At St.
Patrick's Day Slam, Baker lost the championship to Thunder Rosa in a steel cage.
Attilio Giovannini (; 30 July 1924 – 18 February 2005) was an Italian footballer who played as a defender.
Giovannini was a half-back or centre back.
He had his best time at Inter, where he appeared in 191 matches from 1948 to 1954, captaining the team in the last four seasons.
He played also for Lucchese, Lazio, other minor teams and retired in 1956.
He capped for Italy 13 times.
Regarded as one of the best Italian defenders of all time, Giovannini was Inter's main stopper in the first half of the 1950s.
He was inelegant but was strong and efficient in marking his opponent.
He possessed excellent speed, which was a key factor in his task to stop the opposing centre forward, intercept the ball during counter-attacks and cut any opponent out of the action.
Zlata Filipović was born into a Bosnian family in the city of Sarajevo, Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia (modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina).
Filipović was the only child of an advocate and a chemist.
She began writing in her diary in 1991, writing about her daily life.
Shortly after Filipović began writing the diary, the Bosnian War broke out, and Sarajevo (the city she and her family lived in) was besieged.
She wrote about the daily horrors of her life in Sarajevo, and even wrote (in her diary) about the tragic deaths of some of her friends.
In a entry of her diary, she wrote that a girl was walking on a bridge, and while walking she was suddenly shot with a gun by a enemy soldier.
She died shortly afterwards as a result of the gunshot wound.
Mondoweiss is a news website that began as a general-interest blog written by Philip Weiss on The New York Observer website.
It is now an independent website that's comitted to informing it's readers about events in Palestine and US foreign policy towards Palestine and Israel.
Josef Čapek (English: Joseph Chapek; April 1945) was a Bohemian painter and writer, who was the brother of Karel Čapek, an writer.
The novel Septology, has 7 volumes, and they are published as 3 books; The first of those books, came out in 2019.
Franz Sedlacek (4 September 1892 in Vienna - 18 July 1933 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player and football coach.
In May 1919, Sedlacek suffered a serious knee injury, which largely ended his career.
He made comeback attempts at the WAF and at the WAC.
There he made his last appearances in the 1920/21 relegation season before ending his active career.
He played eleven international matches for the Austrian national football team.
He made his debut on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 victory over Italy.
From 1915 to 1918, due to the war, ten games followed exclusively against the Hungarian national team, three of which were won and five lost; one ended in a draw and one game had to be abandoned when the score was 3:3.
Sedlacek made his last appearance in a 2-0 defeat against Hungary on 2 June 2 1918 in Vienna.
Jafar Ahmadi (born December 6, 1984) is an Iranian kickboxer fighting in the heavyweight division.
The film was released theatrically in the United States on 2 April 2021.
The film was released on digital platforms on 1 June 2021.
These shows were cancelled because Del Rey was sick.
The Athletiksport Club Viktoria Wien was an Austrian athletics and football club from the capital Vienna.
The Viktoria football section was one of the founding members of the first official Austrian championship in 1911.
Six television series make up the Arrowverse franchise: Arrow, The Flash, Supergirl, Legends of Tomorrow, Black Lightning and Batwoman.
All series in total amount to 699 episodes across 37 seasons of television.
Two television series make up the Arrowverse web series franchise: Vixen, and Freedom Fighters: The Ray.
All series in total amount to 24 episodes across four seasons of television.
Josef Schediwy ( 7 December 1882 - 14 September 1915 in Tashkent) was an Austrian football player.
He played for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
With Rapid he won the first Austrian championship in 1911/12.
Schediwy was one of the older players at this time and was rarely used.
He still contributed three goals in three games in this season to help Rapid win their first championship title.
Schediwy was able to defend the title with the team and played two games in the championship.
In the 1913/14 season he played his matches for the Rapid and reached second place.
He played his first match for the Austrian national football team on 11 October 1903 versus Hungary.
His last match was on 1 June 1909 versus England.
On 14 September 1915, Josef Schediwy died as a Russian prisoner of war in Tashkent.
Omonville-la-Petite is a former commune.
It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.
On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.
Josef Kaltenbrunner (22 January 1888 – August 1951) was an Austrian national football player.
The goalkeeper played for SK Rapid Vienna and the Austrian national football team from 1907 to 1913.
He also took part in the 1912 Olympic Games.
Leopold Resch (11 October 1900 – 18 January 1971) was an Austrian football player.
He played as midfielder for SC Wacker Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Resch began his football career at Wacker in 1913 at the age of thirteen.
Apart from a brief interlude with Meidlinger Sportfreunde, he remained loyal to them throughout his entire career.
From 1917 on he played in his favorite position of center half for Wacker until 1929.
The greatest success was reaching the cup final in 1923.
Resch played 16 matches for the Austrian national football team.
He debuted on 15 January 1922 in a 3-3 away match versus Italy.
His last match was on 20 March 1927 in a 1-2 home loss versus Czechoslowakia.
Julien Reverchon ( – ) was a French botanist and naturalist.
These are the songs that Lana Del Rey sang at the first show of the tour.
She did not always sing the same songs at every show.
Leopold Drucker (22 February 1903 – 25 February 1988) was an Austrian football player.
Throughout its history, clubs came from Adelaide, Auckland, Brisbane, Canberra/Queanbeyan, Melbourne, Morwell, Newcastle, Perth, Sydney and Wollongong.
Miriam published her diary under the title, Jurnal de Ghetto (English: Diary from a Ghetto) in 1995.
Miriam is still alive to this day.
Franz Riegler (30 August 1915 - January 1989) was an Austrian football player.
He played mainly for FC Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
In the championship in 1936/37, he missed out on winning the title with Austria in second place only because of the worse goal difference compared to Admira.
In the 1938/39 season, the winger played for the first division newcomer SK Amateure Steyr.
Then he moved back to FC Wien in the summer of 1939.
With them he reached good results during the Second World War with the runner-up in 1941/42.
For FC Wien he played regularly in the first league until the end of 1950.
Then he was playing coach of WFC Semperit till 1953.
Irena is a town located in central Poland.
Kathiababa Ka Sthan is located on Vrindavan Gurukul Road, Mathura District, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The architectural style and beauty of this ashram is a reflection of Kathiababa architecture of many ancient eras.
This temple is the main shrine of the Nimbarka Sampradaya and Kathiababa Ka Sthana (Head Qater).
known as Nimbarka temples and ashrams of all countries of the world are run from this temple.
Nimbarka Ashram is located on Mirzajangal Road in Sylhet Division, Bangladesh.
The architectural style and beauty of this temple is full of ancient architecture.
The temple was established around 1931 by Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa Maharaj, the 55th Acharya of the Nimbarka sect.
Sri Sri Nimbark Ashram Nimbark Ashram is located on Mirzajangal road from Sylhet city of Bangladesh.
The ashram was of ancient design at the time of its establishment but now the ashram has been reconstructed and transformed into a modern ashram.
Sri Sri Nimbarka Ashram is located in Sylhet, the Prana Kendra, in the eastern part of BangladeshBengal's first Nimbark Mahant of Nimbark community, former president of Kumbh Mela alias Tarakishore Chowdhury and Samaj Sevak Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa founded this Ashram in 1931 AD with his own hands.
This ashram is a place of prayer for devotees and followers of Nimbark sect of Hinduism not only in Sylhet but also in Bangladesh and all over the world.
Since its inception, the ashram has had a positive impact on the worship of Hindu devotees.
The tradition and history of Hinduism continues till today.
IPOB emerged in 2012 and is deeply committed to advocating for the right to self-determination, a fundamental principle enshrined in international law.
The movement argues that the people of the old eastern region should have the opportunity to determine their political future through a democratic referendum.
The sports field situation in Vienna improved, but some clubs had no homegrounds.
They often played their home games in the form of Double events.
Ṯāʾ (ث) is one of the six letters the Arabic alphabet added to the 22 from the Phoenician alphabet.
The others are ḫāʾ, ḏāl, ḍād, ẓāʾ and ġayn).
In Modern Standard Arabic, it stands for the voiceless dental fricative [θ], also found in English as the th in words such as thank and thin.
In Persian, Urdu and Kurdish, it is pronounced as s as in sister in English.
All songs are written by Bruce Springsteen.
He also served as a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, which is the upper house of India's Parliament.
He represented Uttar Pradesh as an Independent Member of Parliament between 2004 and 2006.
Karl Franz Durspekt (23 November 1913 in Vienna, Austria – 14 February 1978 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian football player.
He played mainly for SK Admira Wien and Floridsdorfer AC as striker.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Floridsdorfer AC until 1942.
1942 till 1945 he played for the air force team LSV Markersdorf an der Pielach.
During these years, LSV Markersdorf managed to become champions of the 1st class Lower Danube and to be promoted to the Gaulliga Donau-Alpenland.
This was the highest league in the then Ostmark.
After the war Durspekt played for Floridsdorfer AC for three more seasons from 1945 to 1948.
He played 13 ODI and Twenty20 International cricket for South Africa between 2009 and 2011.
In June 2015, van der Merwe got the Netherlands passport and he immediately made himself available for Netherlands cricket team and was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2015 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in July.
After 1963, only one state abbreviation has changed.
Originally Nebraska was NB; but, in November 1969, the Post Office changed it to NE to avoid confusion with New Brunswick in Canada.
Gernot Messner (10 October 1980 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player in the position of a midfielder.
He is the manager of Grazer AK.
Due to the takeover from Red Bull to FC Red Bull Salzburg, he was no longer planned and so he moved to FC Kärnten, where he played for two years.
Since 2007 he played for Wolfsberger AC .
2009 they were promoted to the Bundesliga.
He spent another season in the Bundesliga .
Then he played for the club's amateurs from the 2013/14 season on.
In January 2017 he moved to SK St.
Andrä.
There he ended his playing career after the 2016/17 season.
Cullen went to Dartmouth high school.
He later joined Dartmouth College and graduated with a degree in Economics and Sociology.
He started his career as an intern in finance.
He later switched to food business.
Cullen moved to Washington D.C.
and worked at Think Food Group as a manager.
In 2012, he co-founded Blind Dog Cafe.
He would try to get Taguchi on his side but Taguchi refused.
At Invasion Attack, Devitt and Taguchi would face the Time Splitters (Alex Shelley and Kushida) for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships but lost.
Devitt would attack Taguchi after the match and end Apollo 55.
King Fale ran down to the ring and joined in on the beatdown.
Devitt would call himself the Real Rock 'n' Rolla and renamed Fale as The Underboss Bad Luck Fale.
In 1992, Rachid was elected Vice President and an executive member of the Iraqi National Congress (INC), and in 1998, he was elected to the INC's board.
As the Minister of Water Resources from September 2003 to December 2010, Rachid managed various portfolios, including irrigation, municipal and industrial water supply, hydroelectricity, flood control, environmental requirements, and marshland restoration.
After the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's regime in April 2004, the Minister oversaw significant improvements in the country's water resource management.
The song was originally recorded by Jesse Belvin and released in 1956.
Some people say that American R&B singer-songwriter Barry White - who would have been 11 years old at the time - played piano on the song.
The Jesse Belvin version of the song reached number seven on the US Billboard R&B chart in 1956.
Édouard studied at the National Higher Conservatory of Dramatic Art, where he graduated in 2020.
Des Hommes is a Franco-Belgian film written and directed by Lucas Belvaux, released in 2020.
It is the adaptation of the novel Des hommes by Laurent Mauvignier.
The film, selected in the official competition at Cannes, received the 2020 Cannes Film Festival label.
Ernst Sabeditsch (6 May 1920 – 30 June 1986) was an Austrian football player.
He played mainly for First Vienna FC.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
During the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany he played also one match for Germany.
After the war Sabeditsch failed in the Cup-final on 20 June 1946, losing 2-1 to SK Rapid Vienna.
His playing career came to a premature end after a ban for trading raw opium in divided post-war Vienna in 1949.
He was pardoned in 1952 and played then ten league games for SC Wacker Wien.
Sabeditsch played 7 matches for the Austrian national football team.
His first match was on 6 December 1945 versus France.
His last match was on 5 October 1947 versus Czechoslowakia.
With several friends, Nathan Ambrosioni directed a first feature film, the independent horror film Hostile, then another entitled Therapy.
The general public discovered it in 2018 with the release of Les Drapeaux de papier, directed by Noémie Merlant and Guillaume Gouix : the film traces the difficult relationships between a man just released from prison and his young sister.
Although he had no contacts or professional experience in cinema when he began directing the film, Nathan Ambrosioni became the youngest director to benefit from the advance on receipts.
“Nathan Ambrosioni: journey of a gifted child, wrote Première magazine when the film was released in 2019, for which he wrote the screenplay at the age of 16.
In 2022, he began filming his second feature film, Toni, en famille, performed in particular by Camille Cottin, released in France on September 6, 2023 and which won the best film prize at the Festival du Film de Demain.
In 2019, approximately 500 French children found themselves growing up in harsh conditions in Syrian prisons, a violation of child protection laws.
Despite their families' pleas, the French government refused to bring them home.
In January 2023, the UN condemned France for this decision, following previous condemnations in 2022.
extremely large unimaginable numbers, a simple 2 ↑↑↑ 3 (or often displayed as 2) is equal to 65,536.
Marcel Schmelzer in Borussia Dortmund colors.
Reuben Louis Goodstein is an English mathematician who had a strong interest in philosophy and teaching mathematics.
Walter Probst (17 April 1918 – February 2007) was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played for Rapid Wien, Wacker München, Austria Wien, Hakoah and Sportclub.
Tancas serradas a muru (Sardinian language; Tancas closed with wall) is a traditional Sardinian folk.
The verses had been composed by the blind poet Melchiorre Murenu, shortly after the entry into force of the Editto delle chiudende, a legislative provision issued on October 6, 1820.
This act authorized the fencing of de facto common land, but subject to collective use, thus expanding the scope of enjoyment of the properties.
The piece was very popular on the island and was performed by the various choirs in the manner of canto a tenore.
The first choir that recorded it was the Coro Supramonte of Orgosolo which, finally, released it in 1974 on an LP for Fonit Cetra.
Mujeeb Ur Rahman Zadran (Pashto: مجیب الرحمن ځدراڼ; born 28 March 2001) is an Afghan cricketer, who plays for the Afghanistan national cricket team.
The history of the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) dates back to 1879 when the Department of Works & Railways was established.
The first railway line operated by WAGR opened on July 26, 1879, connecting Geraldton and Northampton.
Subsequently, the Eastern Railway from Fremantle to Guildford via Perth was launched on March 1, 1881.
The WAGR chose a narrow gauge of 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) to reduce construction costs.
Over the following decades, WAGR expanded its network with main lines and branches to serve Western Australia's wheatbelt.
Before road transport became prevalent, the railway network played a vital role in transporting agricultural, forestry, and mining products.
In 1890, the Department of Works & Railways was replaced by the WAGR and the Department of Works & Buildings.
Legislation was introduced to limit competition from road transport, primarily during the 1930s to the 1950s, with the Transport Co-ordination Board controlling commercial road traffic.
As road transport expanded, many railway lines closed from 1949.
The railway network reached its peak at 6,600 kilometers in 1937, with only one tunnel, the Swan View Tunnel, being constructed.
In the 1950s, many branches closed due to maintenance needs, aging rolling stock, and financial losses.
Although 1,320 kilometers of the network were closed in 1956/57, 275 kilometers were later reopened on a seasonal basis.
During the late 1960s, gauge conversion allowed trains from eastern states to operate on the Eastern and Eastern Goldfields lines between Perth and Kalgoorlie.
Diesel locomotives replaced steam locomotives in March 1972.
Kalidas Nag was born to Babu Matilal Nag and married Santa Devi, who was the daughter of Ramananda Chatterjee, a famous journalist and editor.
They had three daughters.
Kalidas Nag graduated in history from the Scottish Church College and completed a postgraduate degree from the University of Calcutta.
He also received a doctorate from the University of Paris.
He used to teach history at the Scottish Church College and the University of Calcutta.
He was honored as an Officer d’Academic by the Government of France.
In the 1920s, he supported the French contributions to Tagore's university project in Santiniketan, and he later edited several books on Indian culture.
Enheduanna (born Birth name disputed; 23rd century BC) was a Akkadian priestess and poetess who is best known for writing her only known work, The Exaltation of Inanna, from a first person perspective.
She is also much less known for being the first known priestess in the Akkadian Empire.
She is celebrated as the first known person to write from a first person perspective.
She is often mistakenly thought to be the first known writer.
Adolf Huber (5 March 1923 - February 1994) was an Austrian football player.
He won the Austrian championship three times with FK Austria Wien.
He is, with 151 goals, the clubs` third-best league scorer till today.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
After Dolfi Huber had rarly played in 1946/47 and 1948/49 due to injury, his career seemed to be over again in 1954.
He ultimately retired from football in 1957.
Huber played 13 matches for the Austrian national football team.
He scored 10 goals.
His first match was on 22 May 1949 versus Italy.
His last one was on 25 March 1953 versus Ireland.
Alabama was allowed to the Union on December 14, 1819.
The state elects U.S.
senators to class 2 and class 3.
Its United States Senate seats were formally said to be open from March 1861 to July 1868 due to it leaving the Union during the American Civil War.
Richard Shelby is Alabama's longest serving senator (served 1987–2023).
Alabama's current U.S.
senators are Republicans Tommy Tuberville (since 2021) and Katie Britt (since 2023).
Mark Leschinsky is an American student and activist who has gained recognition in the entertainment industry for his notable contributions to the fields of education, youth filmmaking, and invention.
Comrade is also expanding into producing its own branded motorcycle products and accessories, designed especially for high-performance bikes.
This expansion demonstrates the company's commitment to innovation in the ever-evolving automotive industry.
Heinrich Körner (born Heinrich Krczal, 2 July 1893 – 8 December 1961) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Born as Heinrich Krczal, the player joined SK Rapid Wien at the age of 14.
He soon came into the reserves through the youth team and, after left winger Ferdinand Wolf's retirement, also into the first team.
There he formed the left attack side with Leopold Grundwald.
When the first championship title was played in 1911/12, the two played a key role in reaching the title.
Krczal was a regular player until the outbreak of war and only played sporadically during the war years before he regularly took his place in the forward line again.
During these years three more championship titles were won.
In 1919, however, the player who was most recently used as a center forward lost his place in the first team.
So he went to Wiener Amateur SV.
He also took on the name Körner at this time.
He only stayed for a few months and returned to Rapid during the season.
He won two more championship titles and a cup victory.
He made his debut for the Austrian national football team on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 win against Italy.
He was part of the team until the start of the war.
In 1918 he returned to the team and played his last match on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win against the Swiss team .
Alaska's current congressional delegation in the has two senators, who are both Republicans and its only representative, who is a Democrat.
The current dean of the Alaska delegation is Senator Lisa Murkowski having been in the Senate since 2002.
Lisa Murkowski is the first elected senator born in Alaska.
After the Second World War, Dittrich was a coach at the second division club 1.
Schwechater SC, worked in Luxembourg,and looked after 1.
Wiener Neustädter SC from 1947 to 1949.
He then spent several years as a club coach in Damascus and coach of the national team of Syria and Lebanon.
The harp guitar is a guitar-based stringed instrument generally defined as a guitar, in any of its accepted forms, with any number of additional unstopped.
Jenin came under Israeli occupation in 1967, and was put under the administration of the Palestinian National Authority (PA) as Area A of the West Bank in 1993.
Though his death date is unknown, Janusz Korczak most likely died in the Treblinka extermination camp in August 1942, along with the children and staff members from his orphanage.
Friedrich Brandstetter (29 November 1891 – 7 October 1926) was an Austrian football player.
He played for SK Rapid Wien as defender.
He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
Fritz Brandstetter began his football career with his older brother Josef in 1908 at Rapid Vienna.
He was part of the famous Rapid team that won the first Austrian football championship in 1912 under coach Dionys Schönecker.
His career came to an abrupt end due to the First World War.
Fritz Brandstetter suffered a serious knee injury that no longer allowed him to play football.
He died in 1926 of a lung disease.
This was also a late consequence of the First World War.
Windows 8 editions only comes in the following editions.
The first Festival of British Popular Songs was held from May to October 1956.
36 songs took part across six semi-finals.
Each semi-final had six songs and the winning song of each semi-final went through to the final.
The winning song was decided by music experts, who used a scoreboard to rank the songs by points.
Ant & Dec (Ant McPartlin; born 1975) and (Dec Donnelly; born 25 September 1975) are British doubleacts were born in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Rudolf Strittich (3 March 1922 – 10 July 2010) was an Austrian football player and coach.
He played four matches for the Austrian national football team betwenn 1946 and 1949.
He debuted on 6 October 1946 in a 2-0 loss versus Hungary.
His last match was on 13 November 1949 in a 5-2 win versus Yugoslavia.
In 1955 he began his coaching career at SK Sturm Graz.
Then he moved to France.
He became coach at his former club RC Besançon.
In the spring of 1957 he looked after SV Stickstoff Linz.
His next stop abroad was FC Basel in Switzerland.
Then he managed Apollon Kalamarias in Greece.
After a stint at his parent club Vorwärts Steyr, he moved to Denmark at the beginning of 1961.
There he spent the majority of his coaching career.
He took over Esbjerg fB.
He led the club to the first two championship titles.
After a season in Steyr, he returned to Denmark to Viborg FF.
Then heagain became coach of Esbjerg from 1965 to 1967.
There he won his third championship title.
After two years at Aalborg BK, Strittich was appointed coach of the Danish national football team in 1970.
He coached the team until 1975.
In the 1975/76 season he looked after the Spanish second division club Real Murcia.
From 1976 to 1979 he coached Esbjerg again and won his fourth championship title.
Strittich then returned to Austria and was briefly coach at Austria Salzburg in 1980.
Wuxi has an oceanic subtropical monsoon climate, mild and humid, with four distinct seasons and an average annual temperature of 15.5 °C.
The average annual rainfall in Wuxi urban area is 1048 mm, the frost-free period is about 220 days, and the sunshine hours in Wuxi urban area are 2019.4 hours.
The hottest month of the year is July, with an average monthly temperature of 28.0 °C.
The coldest month of the year is January, with an average monthly temperature of 2.8 °C.
After two runner-up finishes in 1966 and 1967, he returned to the Norwegian national team.
Willy Kment returned to Austria in 1970.
There he became coach of LASK in the National League for two years.
Here are the top 10 most goals scored by one player.
Petr Ginz (English: Peter Ginz; 1944) was a Czechoslovakian-born half-Jewish boy, who is known for his artworks, poems, and novels.
In March 1939, the Germans invaded and occupied Czechoslovakia.
Like with many other German-occupied countries, in German-occupied Czechoslovkia, anti-Semitic laws and strict curfews against Jews began, and persecution and transportation of Jews to ghettos and concentration camps began as well.
He was born on 27 November 1949 in Denga Para village of Putia Upazila of Chittagong District.
He spent his childhood and youth in Chittagong city.
In 1924 he was coach of the Bulgarian national football team.
He then worked as coach of the youth team at Rapid from 1928 to 1936.
1936 he replaced Eduard Bauer as coach of the first team.
Leopold Nitsch accompanied the team through the Second World War, when Austrian football was integrated into German football.
He won the Tschammerpokal with Rapid in 1938 with a 3-1 win in the final against FSV Frankfurt and the German championship in 1941 with a 4-3 win against FC Schalke 04.
Rapid was able to become Austrian champions three more times, then called “Ostmarkmeister.
This frog lives in forests in southern Brazil on the Atlantic side (east side) of the hills.
They live near streams where the water moves fast.
and at the local level.
For example, there is less brain volume in the frontal cortex and temporal lobes, and problems within the corpus callosum, the band of nerve fibers which connects the left side and the right side of the brain.
People with schizophrenia also tend to have larger lateral and third ventricles.
The ventricles are spaces within the brain filled with cerebrospinal fluid.
Psychotic symptoms often respond to drug treatment Stopping anti-psychotic or anti-vomiting drugs too quickly may cause these symptoms.
This difference is about 5 to 8 percent.
Auditory hallucinations have been shown to extend to mental health nurses and non-patients.
The movie “The Soloist tells the story of Nathaniel Ayers, a prodigious musician who dropped out of the Juilliard School in New York City after the symptoms of sz began.
He later became homeless in Los Angeles, California, in the notorious Skid Row section.
Siegfried Joksch (4 July 1917 – 29 April 2006) was an Austrian football player.
He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Joksch began his career with SK Admira Wien.
This was one of the top teams in Austria at the time.
Joksch won the championship title and the cup competition with the team.
In 1937 he moved to Austria Wien.
With Austria he won the championship twice.
He also won two cup finals.
He played 22 matches for the Austrian national football team.
His debut was on 6 December 1945 in a 4-1 win versus France.
His last match was a 3-3 draw versus Switzerland on 19 March 1950.
Diagnosis of schizophrenia is the decision of a doctor when they meet someone.
While the doctor is with someone they watch and listen to what someone is doing to decide if they have a schizophrenia (sz) problem.
Doctors make a decision using their senses.
A study of 2018 found that some doctors, perhaps many, diagnose sz within the first few minutes based on the praecox feeling.
The feeling is perhaps like first impressions.
The praecox feeling is not in the symptom checklists of DSM and ICD which are intended for use by psychiatrists for diagnosis.
The Storm especially affected the Isle of Jersey.
Also southern England and France were severely affected by the storm, with record winds in France.
A 23-year-old woman died in Spain.
In France two deaths were reported, including a 72-year-old man who was blown off his balcony.
The Netherlands was most affected by the storm.
On 21 July 2021, following the death of Jorge Duran Coral, she became the third oldest known living person in Mexico whose age been authenticated by an organization specializing in age verification.
Heinrich Hiltl, from 1939 Henri Hiltl (8 October 1910 - 25 November 1982) was an Austrian and French football player and coach.
He played for both national football teams.
After Hiltl won the cup with RC Paris in 1940, he left the club again.
The years from 1941 to 1945 represent a gap in Hiltl's biography.
It is not known where he spent these years or had to do military service.
In 1945 Henri Hiltl signed a contract with CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and played again in the French first division.
He helped the club from Roubaix win their first and only French championship title.
In 1948, he ended his career as a player.
Gustav Franz Tögel (24 October 1907 – 24 January 1981) was an Austrian football player.
He won the Mitropacup with Vienna.
He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
1934 Tögel left Vienna and moved to the Swiss professional league.
There he played for Young Fellows Zurich.
In 1936 they were runner-upin the championship.
In the same season they won the cup with a 2-0 win against SServette FC Genève.
Tögel's goal to make it 1-0 in the first minute is still the earliest in the history of the finals of the Swiss Cup competition.
In 1937 he changed clubs again.
He ended his career in the French Division 2 at FC Nancy.
Tögels debut in the national team was on 3 May 1931 in a 0-0 draw against Hungary.
This was his only match for Austria because his position was played by Anton Schall.
Tögel was only able to play in the Vienna city team.
This is a list of newspapers in Nigeria.
The list includes print and online newspapers currently published in Nigeria that have national circulation or that are major local newspapers.
Cristina García (), (born 25 March 1987) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in animal law.
She is the Vice President of the Animalist Party with the Environment (PACMA) since October 2021.
Otto Kaller (28 June 1907 – 31 March 1985) was an Austrian football player.
He played mainly for First Vienna FC .
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
The British Medical Association highlighted a number of activities that they felt PAs should not be undertaking.
From autumn 1931 he played half a season at SC Nicholson.
He ended his career at the second-rate SC Weiße Elf.
Epiphone is an American instrument company that started with an instrument making company founded in 1873 by Anastasios Stathopoulos in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire.
The company moved to New York City in 1908.
It was taken over by the owner's son, Epaminondas Stathopoulos.
He named the company Epiphone by combining with his own name and the suffix -phone (which comes from the greek phon-, which means voice).
It also started making guitars in the same year it was named, in 1928.
Abigail Williams made her final appearance in court and spoke to the judge for the final time on 3 June 1692.
The final appearance in court is the final historical record regarding Abigail Williams.
Whatsoever, Betty Paris does not disappear from historical record unlike her supposed relative Abigail, and Betty is known through historical records to have lived to adulthood, have a husband and children, and that she died at the age of 77 in 1760.
Johann Tandler (10 September 1901- after 1957) was an Austrian football player.
The defender played mainly for Wiener Amateur SV (since 1926 FK Austria Wien).
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Like several players Tandler left the club at the end of 1926 .
Together with club colleague Viktor Hierländer, he went to the New York Giants in the United States.
From 1928 he played again for the Amateure, who were now called FK Austria.
1931 he did coaching in Riga.
Then he went to to Switzerland to Lausanne-Sports and then to France to OGC Nice.
Then he worked as a coach there.
The Viennese later went to Turkey, where he became head coach of Galatasaray SK and led the team to the championship in 1939 .
Tandler debuted on 13 January 1924 in a 3-4 loss versus Germany.
His last match was on 21 September 1930 in a 2-3 loss versus Hungary.
He played 18 matches and scored 3 goals.
The Sportvereinigung Donau (SV Donau or SV Donau Wien for short) is an Austrian football club from the 22nd district Donaustadt in Vienna.
The club played in the first division in the 1933/34 season.
The sports club currently plays in the Wiener Stadtliga, the fourth highest division in Austria.
The club colors are blue and black.
In 2005 they reached their promotion to the Regionalliga East.
They were relegated back to the Vienna City League as bottom of the table.
After two years in the city league, they were relegated to the Vienna Oberliga B in 2008/09.
SV Donau returned to the Vienna City League after two years through the merger with SV Süssenbrunn.
In the 2015/16 season the fighting team reached second place in the table.
This was enough for promotion, so SV Donau has been competing in the Vienna City League since the 2017/18 season.
In the 2021/22 season promotion to the Regionalliga East was narrowly missed.
Landstraßer AC ( LAC for short) is an Austrian football club from the 3rd district of Vienna, Landstraße.
The former second division team currently plays in the 2nd regional league of the Vienna Football Association.
This is the 5th level in Austrian football.
Johannes Gumpp ( – ) was a Austrian painter.
SC Columbia Floridsdorf is a Austrian football club located in the 21st district of Vienna.
They play since the 2019/20 season in the 2nd regional league, the fifth highest division .
The club colors are blue, black and white.
On August 28, 2023, a 66-year-old former worker of Oriental Air Bridge, who was the boss of the safety zone, was continued after it was discovered that the employee had illegally downloaded and transferred secret documents from the airline on November 25, 2022.
The worker retired from the airplane business in December 2022 and later joined Toki Air.
The employee told the truth and stated that I took these (the papers), because I thought it would be useful my next company's work.
Toki Air stated that they had lowered the rank of the employee and reported the incident to the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau.
Oriental Air Bridge in an talk stated that there was no impact of flight safety and the airline would work to prevent such incident from happening again.
Królewski szczep Piastowy.
Krzyżacka zawierucha.
ICBC Argentina is an Argentine banking entity owned by ICBC.
It is the Argentine subsidiary of the Chinese bank Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, founded in 2013 after the purchase of Standard Bank Argentina.
August Blaha (1 January 1888 - 25 September 1961) was an Austrian footballer.
He played for SK Rapid Wien.
There he was part of the team which won the first Austrian championship.
He played at the1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm for the Austrian football team.
The series ended on 9 December 2018 and was won by Harry Redknapp, who was crowned the next 'King of the Jungle', becoming the show's oldest winner and the first male winner since Carl Fogarty in 2014.
Emily Atack finished as the runner-up.
Sumit Arora started his career with television and wrote dialogues for many TV shows like Dill Mill Gayye, Chhoona Hai Aasmaan.
He then ventured into films and web series, writing for Selection Day, The Family Man, Dahaad and Guns & Gulaabs.
He has also penned dialogues for films like Stree, Ginny Weds Sunny, 83 and Jawan.
Karl Heinlein (25 April 1892 - 2 May 1960 ) was an Austrian football player and coach.
He played for Wiener AC as midfielder.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
He made his national team debut on 26 December 1917 in in Zurich against Switzerland.
His second international match was on 6 April 1919 in Budapest under Hugo Meisl against Hungary.
ZooMontana is a zoo located in Billings, Montana, United States and is Montana's only zoo and botanical garden.
It currently has nearly 100 animals, representing 58 species.
These animals all live in habitats designed to imitate their natural habitats.
The place was founded in 1856 as a copper mining village.
In the 1930s, construction of the city of Karaganda started due to the development of coal nearby.
On February 10, 1934, Karaganda became a city.
Sanu Sharma is a writer from Nepal who lives in Australia.
She writes novels and short stories in the Nepali language.
She's written seven novels and a collection of short stories.
Sanu Sharma was born in Kathmandu, Nepal, and grew up in both Kathmandu and Terai.
Zhenya Savicheva was born in 1909, the eldest of five children.
She was the daughter of Nikolai Rodionovich Savichev (father) and Mariya Ignatievna Savicheva (née Fedorova) (mother).
The follow is a list of the episodes of the Nicktoon Back at the Barnyard.
The name Parmar means ‘one that strikes the enemy’, from Sanskrit para meaning ‘enemy’ + mara meaning ‘strike’.
Statistics in this table are compiled from the website, Rugby League Project and are up to 5 November 2023, including the Final of the 2023 Pacific Championships.
Jersey numbers are those used in that Final.
Pulakesin I formed the first notable Chalukya dynasty of southern India in the middle of the sixth century.
These Chalukyas were descended from a foreign tribe, most likely a mix of Gurjara-Hun.
Badami, in the Bijapur district, was their capital.
Johann Jan Studnicka (12 October 1883 – 18 October 1967) was an Austrian footballer.
He played for Wiener AC .
He also played for the Austrian national team.
After his active career he became football manager.
He also competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
A day before the trailer release, Animal recieved 'A' (adults only) certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification due to excessive violence and sexuality.
For this reason, It was also classified 18 by the British Board of Film Classification.
Josef Taurer (16 November 1883 -1 August 1956) was an Austrian football player from the early days of the sport.
He scored the first goal in the Austrian national team's first unofficial game against Switzerland in 1901 and the first goal in the first official game against Hungary in 1902.
He played as Forward mainly for Wiener AC.
Josef Taurer began his career as a football player in 1897 for “Jugendhort .
The team included future national players Josef Fischer, Gustav Huber and Johann Studnicka.
1897 Jugendhorst joined WAC.
With the WAC he won all three ÖFU championships for the Tagblatt Cup .
The striker stayed with WAC until 1908 .
After one season with the Vienna Cricket and Football-Club.
After his active time he was active as a football referee.
In 1922 he became deputy head of the WAC's football section.
All songs were written by Martin L.
Gore.
After Admira moved to the southern part of the city in 1966 the FAC took over the place.
In 1987 the ground was renamed Leopold-Stroh-Stadion, in honor of the former FAC player Leopold Stroh (1917–1985).
In 1994 a grandstand for around 500 spectators was built and in 2002 a VIP club area was set up.
Zainab Abdulhadi al-Khawaja (Arabic: زينب عبد الهادي الخواجة; born 21 October 1983) is a Bahraini human rights activist known for her involvement in the Bahraini uprising.
She gained attention by posting tweets as AngryArabiya during the protests.
She also advocates for her father Abdulhadi Alkhawaja's release who constantly does hunger strike.
She has also criticized the administration of U.S.
President Barack Obama for standing behind the dictator.
Glenn Raymond Tipton (born 25 October 1947) is an English guitarist.
Often noted for his complex playing style and classically influenced solos, he is best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest.
He is the second longest-serving member of the band, after bassist and co-founder Ian Hill.
Tipton and Hill are the only two members of the band who have appeared on every studio album.
This educational background laid the foundation for his later involvement in activities related to his engineering expertise, particularly in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, where he gained huge fame for his role as a key figure in the Hamas movement.
Due to the unavailability of TNT and other powerful explosives in Palestinian territories (mainly the West Bank and Gaza Strip), Yahya Ayyash frequently relied on household items.
He often combined acetone, found in nail polish remover, with detergent—both easily available everyday products.
When these substances mixed, they created acetone peroxide, an explosive known as Mother of Satan due to its unpredictable nature.
At around 8 AM on 5 January 1996, Ayyash's father called him.
Ayyash picked it up and talked with his father.
When the Israeli authorities confirmed it was Ayyash on call they detonated the explosive and thus Ayyash was assassinated.
When her mother died , Meritamen and her half sister married Ramses II, and they held the title of Great royal wife.
Neferu I (the beauty) was the first queen of Ancient Egyptian Eleventh dynasty.
She was a wife of the Pharaoh Mentuhotep I.
The SAK Sportanlage Nonntal, also known as SAK-Platz, was a football stadium in the Nonntal district of Salzburg.
It was the home of Salzburg's oldest football club, Salzburger AK 1914.
During a time called The First Intermediate Period, which some people call a dark period, Ancient Egypt went through around 125 years without a strong ruler.
This happened after the end of the Old Kingdom, around 2181-2055 BC.
The dynasties of the first intermediate period are: the Seventh Dynasty, the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and the beginning of the Eleventh Dynasty.
During the First Intermediate Period, which started after the Old Kingdom, there aren't many big buildings or monuments left to show what happened.
This is especially true at the beginning of this time.
This period was a time when two groups fought for power in Egypt.
One group was in a city called Heracleopolis in Lower Egypt, near Fayoum, and the other group was in Thebes, which is in Upper Egypt.
Some people think that during this time, temples were robbed, artwork was damaged, and statues of kings were broken or destroyed because of the political mess.
The two groups fought against each other, and the group in Thebes won and took over the north.
This led to the reunification of Egypt under one ruler named Mentuhotep II during the second part of the Eleventh Dynasty.
This event marked the beginning of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt.
The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties are not talked about much because we don't know much about the rulers during these times.
A historian named Manetho said there were 70 kings who ruled for just one day each, which probably isn't true because it sounds like he was trying to explain how messed up things were during this time.
It's possible that the people in charge during the Seventh Dynasty were important officials from the Sixth Dynasty who wanted to keep control of the country from Memphis.
We don't have many clues about the Eighth Dynasty rulers, but they claimed to be related to the Sixth Dynasty kings and also ruled from Memphis.
We don't have many artwork or texts from these dynasties, but we've found a few things, like artifacts that belongs to Neferkare II from the Seventh Dynasty, and a green jasper cylinder that might have been made during the Eighth Dynasty.
There's also a small pyramid that some people think was built by a king named Ibi during the Eighth Dynasty at Saqqara.
Some kings, like Iytjenu, are only mentioned once, so their roles aren't known well.
The founder of the Ninth Dynasty, Akhthoes or Akhtoy, is often shown as a cruel and violent ruler in historical records, such as those by Manetho.
It is possible that Akhthoes and Wahkare Khety I are the same person, as they both share this character and reputation Wahkare Khety I is listed as a king in the Turin king list, and it is said that he caused harm to the Egyptians and eventually died from a crocodile due to his madness.
After Musab returned to Jordan decided to Single released a dedication to the Arab audience who supported him throughout his time on Star Academy, entitled “The Single.
After that, he released a work entitled Jordan and cut off.
Frankish (Frankish: Frenkisk) is a now extinct West Germanic language primarily spoken by the Franks from around the 5th century to the 9th century.
It was primarily spoken in Francia.
Since 1977, the system has had one national league at the top and many state and territory leagues below.
Lion's Head is a mountain in Cape Town, South Africa, between Table Mountain and Signal Hill.
Lion's Head peaks at 669 metres (2,195 ft) above sea level.
The peak forms part of a dramatic backdrop to the city of Cape Town and is part of the Table Mountain National Park.
He died on March 2, 2009 at the age of 90.
In 1961, he was the head coach for Montreal Cantalia in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League.
After retiring as a player in the early 1960s Yácono returned to Argentina where he worked as the manager of Sportivo Italiano, Lanús and Godoy Cruz.
Later in his career he took up a position of youth team coach for River Plate.
Joshua Patrick Inglis (born 4 March 1995) is an Australian professional cricketer who plays as a wicket-keeper and right-handed batsman.
Inglis was born in Leeds, England.
His family settled in Australia when he was 14 years old.
Salko Hamzic (born 17 September 2006) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper.
He plays for Austrian 2nd league club FC Liefering.
Levi Coffin (October 28, 1798 – September 16, 1877) was an American Quaker, Republican, abolitionist, farmer, businessman and humanitarian.
He was very active in the Underground Railroad.
The Underground Railroad was a network that helped slaves escape.
As he was an active leader of that organization is Indiana and Ohio., some people called him President of the Underground Railroad.
They estimated that three thosand fugitive slaves passed through his care.
The Coffin home in Fountain City, Wayne County, Indiana is a museum today.
At times, it was called d the Underground Railroad's Grand Central Station.
ZEEKR () is an electric vehicle company.
Zeekr was founded in March 2021 as a premium electric mobility brand for battery-powered vehicles by the Geely Group to compete against Nio and Tesla, among others.
Its first model, the Zeekr 001 was officially launched in April 2021.
The Zeekr models are to be based on the SEA platform presented in autumn 2020.
Gearóid Iarla (1335disappeared 1398), also known as Gerald FitzMaurice FitzGerald was the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet.
He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
He was born in 1335, as the child (son) of Maurice FitzGerald, 1st Earl of Desmond.
When he grew up, he became the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet.
He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
The quality that has inspired me and has inspired millions of women and girls is humility and to be able to appreciate all of the little things, because that’s where the most valuable thing is: the essence of being human.
I will choose Mary Wollstonecraft because she opened the gap and they gave an opportunity to many women.
What I would do — I would want that gap, that income gap, would open up so that women could work in any area that they chose to work in because there's no limitation for women.
That was 1750.
Now in 2023, we're making history.
Johann Neumann was an Austrian footballer.
He played for Wiener AC.
Claude Kahn (9 November 1935 – 17 November 2023) was a French classical pianist, internationally known for his interpretations of especially the music of Chopin, but also of French music (Debussy, Fauré, Ravel) as soloist or accompanied by great orchestras in the world.
He founded and directed a piano competition in 1970, to become international as the Concours International de Piano Claude Kahn.
He founded the conservatoire of Antibes in 1971 and directed it until 1991.
He died in 17 November 2023, eight days after his 88th birthday.
Two more years passed, and another group of Libyan tribes came to the western delta.
Ramses defeated them and captured their leader.
After this, Ramses finished building a big temple, palace, and town in western Thebes.
He also added to a big temple in Thebes and sent a ship to get things from a place called Punt.
The Egyptians also mined copper in Sinai and possibly gold in Nubia, which is in the south.
A criticality accident, or simply a criticality, is an accidental nuclear fission chain reaction that goes out of control.
These accidents are sometimes called critical excursions, critical power excursions, or divergent chain reactions.
These reactions are the result of accidents involving fissile material (material that can undergo nuclear fission), and they can have very harmful results on the environment, as they let off large amounts of radiation.
During criticality events, there is often a blue glow.
This is because the molecules during the reaction are very energetic, and release this energy by glowing.
Totals may not add up to 24 due to margin of error.
The entire conflict lasted two days.
Two days after the attack began, the Americans having a damaged ship due to the Korean attacks had surrendered on 2 September.
After those attacks, Roman Jermain Thomas was not seen again.
It is possible that he died due to the attacks.
He was last seen on 31 August 1866 (the day that the conflict had began).
He was later declared a proclaimed martyr of Korea.
A main significance of Islam in Ramla is the White Mosque, which was mostly destroyed in 1034 by an earthquake, then being rebuilt eventually in 1047.
Thus the first construction, it was constructed again in 1190 by building on the western side of the Mosque.
In around 1267–1268, the Mosque was modified by adding a minaret, dome, pulpit, prayer niche and two halls.
The minaret was renovated in 1318 after an earthquake.
In 1408, the Malmuks ordered restoration works.
The last restoration of the Mosque took between 1844–1918, after that most of the Mosque was demolished except for its minaret.
In 1919 he returned to the Germania Schwechat.
He again played as a striker .
At the same time Cargnelli took over the training of all the teams.
In 1921 he ended his active career.
Pyron & Wiens (2011) say that the frogs are related to each other this way.
8 species are included.
Polypedates is a sister group of Feihyla.
Together, Polypedates and Feihyla form a sister group to Rhacophorus.
Between 1933 and 1941, Antonio Sastre won a total of 34 caps for the Argentine national football team.
He scored six goals in the process.
In his national team career, Sastre managed to win the Copa América twice.
At the Campeonato Sudamericano 1937 on home soil, they won the decider against Brazil 2-0 after extra time, which earned them their first title in the competition in eight years.
Antonio Sastre celebrated a second success in the Copa América in the 1941 edition, when they secured first place in Chile with a two-point lead over their eternal rivals of those years, Uruguay.
After this South American Championship, Antonio Sastre's national team career ended after 34 appearances.
Like many other players of his generation, however, he was denied participation in a World Cup.
Argentina competed in Italy in 1934 with only amateurs, after which it took 24 years before they reached the World Cup again.
Updrafts lead to the formation of clouds.
Oluwafunke Adeoye (Popularly known as Funke Adeoye) is a Nigerian Lawyer, Human rights defender, and Social Innovator.
These frogs never swim as tadpoles.
They hatch out of eggs as froglets, or small frogs.
Some frogs bury their eggs in soil.
Others lay eggs on leaves.
Pakistan is a very diverse country with lots of different ethnic groups and languages.
The 16 major groups are Punjabis, Pashtuns, Gujjar, Sindhis, Saraikis, Muhajirs (Indians), Balochs, Paharis, Brahuis, Shina, Hazaras, Baltis, Kohistanis, Khetranis, Siddis and Kashmiris.
There are also many other smaller groups like Makranis, Uzbeks, Tajiks, Thari, Kho, Pamiris, Nuristanis, Kalash and many others.
Peter Pan is a 1924 Silent movie starring Betty Bronson.
Gregory (also known as GGY or Patient 46) is a major character in the Five Nights at Freddy's video game franchise.
He is a young child who works for Glitchtrap with Vanny.
However, he would later change himself and attempt to escape Freddy Fazbear's Pizza Place.
The original line-up was announced by ITV on 13 November 2023.
On 22 November 2023, Frankie Dettori and Tony Bellew were confirmed as this year's late arrivals.
Grace Dent and Jamie Lynn Spears both withdrew from the series due to medical grounds on 27 and 29 November respectively.
On 6th December, it was announced that Jamie Lynn Spears left the jungle without “medical reason and she was reportedly in talks to quit I'm A Celebrity...
Get Me Out Of Here!for days, it has been claimed.
On 29 November Spears withdrew from I'm a Celebrity for medical reasons but on 5 December Spears took part in a group dance performance on season 32 of Dancing with the Stars.
I'm a Celebrity...
Get Me out of Here!
returned to ITVfor a sixth series on Monday 13 November 2006 and ran until Friday 1 December 2006.
Once again the series was hosted by Ant and Dec.
I'm a Celebrity...
Get Me Out of Here!returned to ITV1 for an eighth series from 16 November to 5 December 2008.
Ant & Dec returned to present the main show on ITV, whilst Matt Willis, Emma Willis and Mark Durden-Smith returned to host spin-off show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!NOW!
on ITV2.
It was the first series to use a redesigned logo, which imitates the Hollywood Sign.
The winner of this series was Joe Swash.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
returned to ITV1and ITV2 for a ninth series on 15 November 2009.
It broadcast for three weeks and concluded on 4 December 2009.
There was however an additional Coming Out episode on 7 December 2009, showing all the celebrities and what they did after they left the jungle.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
returned for its tenth series on 14 November 2010.
It ran for 3 weeks.
Ant & Dec returned as the presenters for the main show, and its spin off show Get Me out of Here...
Nowreturned, with Caroline Flack and Joe Swash as main presenters.
On 4 December 2010, singer Stacey Solomon won the show.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
returned for its eleventh series on 13 November 2011, where  Ant & Dec were back as presenters.
On its spin off show, Get Me Out of Here NOW!, Laura Whitmore, Russell Kaneand Joe Swash were new presenters.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!returned for its twelfth series on 11 November 2012 and finished on 1 December 2012.
Ant & Dec returned as main hosts, with Laura Whitmore and Joe Swash returning as hosts of spin-off show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!NOW!.
On 16 June 2012, it was announced that Russell Kane would be leaving Get Me Out of Here!NOW!.
He has been replaced by comedian Rob Beckett.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!returned for its thirteenth series on 17 November 2013 on ITV, and ended on 8 December 2013.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!returned for its fourteenth series on 16 November 2014 on ITV and ended on 7 December 2014.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!returned for its sixteenth series on 13 November 2016 on ITV.
It was the second in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show on 9 December 2015.
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!returned for its seventeenth series on 19 November 2017 on ITV.
The series is the third in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show in December 2016.
Thresher sharks, also known as simply threshers, are large mackerel sharks of the family Alopiidae and the genus Alopias.
Following are Ali Senge Anchans's political and Military achievements and his conquests.
There are also creoles that have been formed from the interactions of Malay or Indonesian, or the colonial languages with a ton of indigenous languages, such as the Tok Pisin, Bislama, Hiri Motu, various Malay or Indonesian trade and several creole languages, Norfuk, Pitkern, Pidgin, and Hawaiian.
The Ayasho Dynasty or the Hunza Royal House comprised of members of the Royal House of Ayasho I, who ruled the Kingdom of Hunza or Khanjut in Central Asia (now Pakistan) succeeding the Girkis dynasty.
Their rule lasted 1100 years from 874-1974 CE.
The Ayasho dynasty was founded by Shah Khan or Ayasho I of Hunza.
The Ayash family had direct relations with the rulers of Wakhan and Badakshan.
Khanjut or Hunza was an independent Kingdom.
It was ruled by the Mirs of Hunza, who took the title of Thum.
The state of Hunza acceded to Pakistan on 3 November 1974.
Big Brother 2023 (also known as Big Brother 20) is the twentieth season of Big Brother UK and the first season of the ITV reboot of the show.
The Central Legislative Assembly was the lower house of the Imperial Legislative Council, the legislature of British India.
It was started by the Government of India Act 1919, as part of the Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms.
It was also sometimes called the Indian Legislative Assembly and the Imperial Legislative Assembly.
The Council of State was the upper house of the legislature for India.
Bruno Guimarães Rodriguez Moura (born 16 November 1997) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for club Newcastle United and the Brazil national team.
A piece based on the formula (a + b + c + d + e + f), submitted to the Little Loomhouse Country Fair in Louisville, Kentucky received a positive response.
This prompted a collaboration between Dietz and Little Loomhouse's founder, Lou Tate.
The fruits of the collaboration included the booklet Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles and a traveling exhibit which continued throughout the 1950s.
Kiki Fatmala (14 August 1967 - 1 December 2023) was an Indonesian actress.
Olipop, Inc.
is an American soft drink company.
It is sold in over 25,000 stores in the United States and had a revenue of $100 million for the first half of 2023.
It was branded as a healthier alternative to regular soft drinks.
The town, Sheikh Hussein, got its name from a sacred place in Ethiopia.
It is known for the tomb of Sheikh Hussein, a 13th-century Somali saint.
He brought Islam to the Sidamo people in the area.
Sheikh Hussein established the Sultanate of Bale.
Pilgrims, around 50,000 Muslim Ethiopians, visit the town twice a year to honor his birth and death.
They carry small sticks, Oulle Sheikh Hussein, and crawl through a small doorway to enter the saint's tomb.
Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavanat; formerly, Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavānāt and Bavānāt) is a city and capital of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.
The Church of St.
John Baptist, Cirencester is a parish church in Cirencester built in the 12th century.
Hor-Aha is considered the second pharaoh of the first dynasty.
Before him, Narmer had brought together Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt into one kingdom.
Hor-Aha likely became king around 3100 BC.
The ancient Egyptians wrote things on boats, boxes, and clay to keep track of what they had.
They also put labels and pictures on things to show who owned them.
Some of these labels and pictures were found in the tomb of a queen named Neithhotep and king Hor-Aha.
These labels and pictures show that Neithhotep may have died during Hor-Aha's time as king.
Hor-Aha buried her in a big tomb that was discovered by a man named Jacques de Morgan.
Some people think that Neithhotep was Hor-Aha's mother.
This would mean that she came from a place called Naqada, which was important in the past.
This would also mean that Hor-Aha married a woman from Naqada to help him control that area.
But in 2016, some new evidence was found that shows Neithhotep was actually a queen during the time of another king named Djer, who came after Hor-Aha.
So the evidence from the tombs only proves that Neithhotep lived during Hor-Aha's time and maybe for a little while after that.
The most important thing about all of this is that there is now an old tomb at Saqqara, which is near Memphis.
This tomb belonged to someone who worked for Hor-Aha, and it shows how important Memphis was becoming during his time as king.
Hor-Aha was a long time ago, and not many things from his time are left today.
But some things that were made during his rule show how skilled the people were.
These things include copper axe heads that are very nicely made, pieces of a special kind of glass called faience, small boxes made of ivory, and white stones with writings on them.
All of these things show that craftsmen were doing excellent work during Hor-Aha's time as a ruler.
The Egyptian priest Manetho, who lived over 2,600 years after Hor-Aha, wrote that Hor-Aha built a palace in the city of Memphis and was also a very skilled doctor who wrote many books about how the human body works.
Al-Raba al-Gharbi (arab.
عزلة الربع الغربي) is a subdistrict in Sana'a Governorate, Yemen.
As of 2004, 23,690 people live in the subdistrict.
The subdistrict is located in Sanhan District.
The subdistrict contains 17 villages, which are divisions of subdistricts.
Al-Raba al-Gharbi has a BWk climate classification (i.e.
a hot desert).
Rakhine also known as Arakanese, is a language of western Myanmar that is closely related to Burmese.
Native to the Rakhine, Marma, it is spoken as a first language by one million people, and as a second language by a further million.
Khenthap, also known as Khenet-Hapi, is believed to have been a queen consort during the 1st dynasty.
She is thought to have lived during the 1st Dynasty.
Not much is known about her because there are no historical records of her from her time.
Her name only appears once in a writing that is much later after the 1st dynasty.
The English Poor Law system was set up in the Tudor period.
Monasteries had given a lot of support to the poor but they were closed.
Beggars were sent back to their homes.
Workhouses were set up by the parishes for people who could not earn money and they were given work to do.
They were paid for by a local tax on the property of the richest people in the parish.
The Atacama skeleton (died late 1970's), commonly named Ata, was the skeletonized body probably belonging to a unborn infant found in 2003 in the ghost town of La Norie, Chile.
The infant had died more than 20 years prior to it's discovery in 2003.
The body had a unusual short size, shape, and height, and was once thought to have belonged to a extraterrestrial.
DNA analysis done on the body in 2018 found there were unusual mutations on the body.
The height of the skeleton was only 6 inches (15 cm).
The remains were discovered by Oscar Munoz, who later sold them to another owner.
The current owner now is Ramón Navia-Osorio, a Spanish businessman.
Rajvinder Kaur Gill (1971 – August 31, 2012) was a Canadian banker who disappeared in late August 2012, while on a trip to Pakistan.
The Pappelstadion is a football stadium in the Austrian city of Mattersburg, Burgenland.
It was the home ground of SV Mattersburg until the football club went bankrupt in 2020.
It has a total capacity of 9,000 spectators.
The Mattersburg Sportverein 2020 now uses the football stadium.
The book later influenced A.
J.
Ayer's Language, Truth, and Logic, an introduction to logical positivism, and both the Richards–Ogden book and the Ayer book in turn influenced Alec King and Martin Ketley in the writing of their book The Control of Language, which appeared in 1939, and which influenced C.
S.
Lewis in the writing of his defence of natural law and objective values, The Abolition of Man (1943).
Taank also know as Takshak or Thak is a clan of the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India.
They also know as Thikaria in some regions of Pakistan.
They are mostly found in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir in India.
They are also found in Pakistan's Azad Kashmir, Balochistan, and Punjab.
They claimed to be descended from the mythical Kshatriya family of Nagvanshi, also known as Nāgas.
Meelu, (also spelled) Melu, Meehlu or Meeloo is a prominent clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjar ethnic community.
Vania, Vanik or Bania are all terms for someone who deals in Banaj Beopar, or commerce (Trade).
Sang Guowei (Chinese: 桑国卫; pinyin: Sāng Guówèi) (11 November 1941 – 7 December 2023) was a Chinese pharmacologist, physician and politician.
After finishing his studies at Shanghai Medical College, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
He led the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, a smaller political group in China.
From 2008 to 2013, he held the role of Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
Ptolemy XIV Philopator was the pharaoh of Egypt, who ruled with his sister Cleopatra VII from 47 until his death in 44 BC.
Alexander Helios was a Ptolemaic prince and the son of Cleopatra VII and Mark Antony.
Alexander had a twin sister named Cleopatra Selene II.
Both of their names had special meanings; Alexander's last name (Helios) means Sun, and his sister's last name (Selene) means Moon.
Cleopatra named her son after the famous leader Alexander the Great.
It's not known exactly when Alexander died, but it might have been between the years 29 and 25 BC.
New Zealand has a temperate climate.
She also took a Catholic Education.
Anna traveled from Austria to Spain with her brothers in the Autumn of 1570.
The queen of England Elizabeth I sent some men named Charles Howard and William Wynter to help Anna on her journey through the Netherlands.
Some people who knew a man named Floris of Montigny hoped that King Philip would forgive him because Floris had been in prison since 1567.
They asked Anna to help them, but she couldn't save Floris because he was killed on October 16, 1570, before Anna could meet King Philip.
The Cross of St.Peter is a symbol, that looks like a Christian cross, but upside down.
Saint Peter was an apostle, and a martyr.
When he was sentenced to death, Peter requested that the cross be put upside down, because he felt unworthy of dying in the same way as Jesus.
Great Royal Wife is the title that was used by the main wife of the pharaoh in Ancient Egypt.
Endless Summer Vacation is the 2023 album by American singer Miley Cyrus.
It is the eighth studio album released on March 10,2023.
Clelopatra II and Ptolemy VI took back the throne and ruled for almost 20 years until 145 BC.
Cleopatra III was born during this time, between 160 and 155 BC.
She had four siblings: Ptolemy Eupator, Cleopatra Thea, Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator, and maybe Berenice.
Ptolemy VI died in 145 BC because he got hurt when he fell off his horse during a battle against Alexander Balas.
After that, Cleopatra III's uncle Ptolemy VIII became the king of Egypt again.
Jawad El Yamiq (; born 29 February 1992) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Saudi club Al-Wehda and the Morocco national team.
He was part of the Moroccon national team that played in the 2018 African Nations Championship and 2022 FIFA World Cup.
The Allianz Stadion ( Weststadion in UEFA competitions and in everyday usage) is a football stadium in the 14th district of Penzing in Vienna.
It was built on the site of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium as the new home of SK Rapid Vienna.
The stadium was built from 2014 to 2016 and is in use since the 2016/17 season.
The Iteso are a Nilotic ethnic group in Eastern Uganda and Western Kenya.
The language they speak is Ateso.
In the second season, the plots shifted to the island itself, including its beaches, volcano, and jungle, with some changes for the main characters - Marina takes residence in an ornate, life-sized sandcastle, built by Sharko; Zig and Bernie live with a cargo plane pilot in his crashed plane within the jungle; and Sharko operates as a lifeguard for the aquatic lifeforms who frequent the beaches.
Her first picture book was Martha B.
Rabbit - The Fairies' Cook.
It was published by The Five Mile Press in the year 1988.
She made lots of books with pictures and coloring pages about fairies and animals.
People liked them a lot, and she sold more than 10 million copies by 2008.
Her books showed beautiful forests, and she also made calendars and notebooks.
People could read her books in 18 different languages.
Karol Dobiaš played for Baník Handlová in his youth.
In 1965 he moved to Spartak Trnava, with whom he won the Czechoslovak championship five times and the Czechoslovak Cup three times.
From 1970 to 1971, he was recognized as the best footballer in Czechoslovakia.
In 1977 he moved to Bohemians Prague.
In the Czechoslovak League, Dobiaš played 344 games, scoring 20 goals.
In 1980 he was allowed to move abroad and went to the Belgian club KSC Lokeren.
He finished his career in 1984 with FC Heirnis Gent.
Karol Dobiáš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on 3 May 1967 in Basel, in a friendly match against Switzerland, playing 64 minutes before being replaced by Vladimír Táborský.
Dobias participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, playing all 3 matches without being substituted.
As a member of the Czechoslovakian national team, Karol Dobiáš became the 1976 European champion, in the final match in the 25th minute, after a mistake by Franz Beckenbauer, Dobiáš scored the second goal against West Germany from distance.
At the 1980 UEFA European Championship, Dobiáš was part of the squad but did not play in the tournament.
Dobiáš played his last match for the national team on 26 March 1980, as in his first match against Switzerland, again in Basel.
In total, Karol Dobiáš played 67 matches for the Czechoslovakia national team, scoring 6 goals.
As a coach, Karol Dobiáš worked with the youth team of Bohemians for 4 years, and in 1988 he took charge of Hradec Králové, but was soon fired.
In September 1990, Dobiáš became the head coach of Zbrojovka, the first season under Dobiáš ended in failure for the club from Brno: the team took the last place in the standings, leaving the First League.
Dobiáš continued to work with the club and in one season brought it back to the First League (at that time the club was called Bobi Brno).
In the 1993/94 season, Karol Dobiáš coached Sparta Prague, with whom he won the first Czech championship.
Later, he headed the club Sparta Krč, worked as a scout at Sparta, and in the 2003/04 season he was an assistant coach of Bohemians.
During the 2008 European Championships, he was a pundit on the Czech version of the Eurosport channel.
Odd Squad was renewed for a second season which started on June 20, 2016.
The season started with the episode, Agents of Change, which put together the season finale of the first season and the season premiere of the second season.
Khouribga () is a Moroccan city located in the center of the northern half of the Kingdom of Morocco.
It is the capital of Khouribga Province in the Béni Mellal-Khénifra region, Morocco.
Its population is 193,372 people, according to the 2014 General Population and Housing Census.
The city was founded in 1923 AD by the French protection authorities when they discovered phosphate in the region.
In Japan, Confucian temples (kōshi-byō) were commonly constructed, often alongside Confucian schools.
The Yushima Seidō, established in 1630 during the Edo period, is the most famous.
At first it was a private school linked to the Neo-Confucianist scholar Hayashi Razan.
Originally in Shinobi-ga-oka in Ueno, it was later moved to near present-day Ochanomizu by the Tokugawa Shogunate.
The Shogunate also established a significant state-sponsored school, Shoheikō, on its grounds.
Statistics are correct as of 11 March 2023.
After three terms in office, in 2021, he took a leave of absence from the mayoralty to assume his current position in the government of the City of Buenos Aires, leaving Soledad Martínez, the first councilor on the list, as interim mayor.
In June 2023, he officially resigned, and Martínez assumed the role of Mayor.
In 2023, he was inaugurated as the Head of Government of Buenos Aires City.
He was a well known businessmen in Kuwait and had prominent commercial and industrial activity in Europe, America, China and the Middle East.
He also has many varied investments in a number of Arab countries.
Constance of France ( – ) was a French princess of the House of Capet, the only daughter of Louis VI of France and his wife Adélaide de Maurienne.
Amongst her siblings was Louis VII, who succeeded their father in 1137.
Baniya, or Bania, is a clan of the Gurjar community of India and Pakistan.
Ruby Sunday is a fictional character created by Russell T Davies and portrayed by Millie Gibson in the long-running British sci-fi television series Doctor Who, She will serve as a companion of the fifteenth incarnation of the alien time traveller known as the Doctor (portrayed by Ncuti Gatwa).
Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma, passed away in 1592, leaving behind a legacy as one of the most skilled military commanders and influential figures of his era.
His strategic brilliance, diplomatic finesse, and contributions to governance and culture significantly impacted European history.
Adam is believed to have been the first human being on earth and the first prophet of Islam.
He is said to have been 960 years of age when he died.
Khaleej Times is a newspaper published in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Launched on 16 April 1978, it is the UAE's oldest English daily newspaper.
The fossil material was left untouched for several years.
In 2007, curator David Evans was looking for a sauropod specimen to add to the ROM's collection.
(Barosaurus is a sauropod ) After reading an article detailing a specimen housed within the museum's collections, Evans found the specimen of Barosaurus that is now a centerpiece of ROM's dinosaur exhibit.
A network is a set of nodes connected by communication links.
A node can be a computer, printer, or any other device capable of sending or receiving data from or to the other node in the network.
Marybeth Tinning (née Roe; born ) was a American former nursing assistant, convicted murderer, and suspected serial killer who was convicted of smothering and killing her 4-month-old child (a daughter named Tami Lynne) on 20 December 1985.
As a result, she was incarcerated in a incarceration facility more than 1 ½ year later on 17 July 1987 and was charged with second-degree murder.
She was released from the incarceration facility 31 years later on 21 August 2018.
Her eight other children died under suspicious circumstances in the years leading up to Tami Lynne's birth and death.
It was at first believed that Tinning's children were dying to due to a genetic problem (or problems) in the family, but even when Tinning's adoptive child Michael died on 2 March 1981 at the age of 2, from similar causes as the other biological children did, authorities failed to open a investigation.
Tinning is now suspected to be a possible serial killer.
From 2004 to 2019, the Magyar Televízió was a fully active member of the European Broadcasting Union.
Jacek Granat, born on February 22, 1966, in Warszawa, Poland, is a retired Polish football referee.
He began his career in refereeing in Poland before eventually being recognized as a FIFA referee in 1994, a title he held until his retirement in 2008.
Jeremy Fragrance used the stage name Jeremy Williams from 2008 to 2010 and was a member of the unsuccessful casting band Part Six.
Gandhara was an ancient civilization in northwest Pakistan.
The main part of Gandhara was in Peshawar and Swat valleys.
But the cultural impact of Greater Gandhara went beyond the Indus river to Taxila in Potohar Plateau and to the west in the Jalalabad valley in Afghanistan and Central Asia.
Panorama Point is the highest natural point in Nebraska.
It is at an elevation of above sea level.
Within the North Atlantic Ocean, tropical or subtropical cyclones are named by the National Hurricane Center when they are judged to have become a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km/h, (40 mph).
Six lists of names are used in alphabetical order, and maintained by the World Meteorological Organization with them rotating on a yearly basis.
Significant tropical cyclones have their names removed from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting.
If all of the names on a list are used, storms are named after the letters of the Greek alphabet (Alpha, Beta, Gamma, etc)..
Greek names, unlike the names in the regular lists, cannot be removed.
If a storm ever reached the magnitude that might otherwise have led to retirement, the storm would be listed with the retired names with a footnote indicating the Greek letter would still be available for future storms.
Within this basin when a deep depression is judged to have become a Cyclonic Storm it will be named by the Indian national weather service.
The list of names were selected between 2000 and 2004 by the countries of the WMO/ESCAP Panel on tropical cyclones, before the actual naming of tropical cyclones began in September 2004.
Pinkvilla is an entertainment platform based in India.
As of June 2022, the company has more than 50,000,000 visitors on its website and app.
It is the most popular entertainment portal in India.
Isime became popular in 2011.
She lost her mother and was raised in Lagos by her father.
She studied in University of Lagos.
Pete is a Native of Nteje but was born in Zaria, Kaduna State.
Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States with Commonwealth status.
In 2014, Jadallah founded Press House-Palestine, a Gazan non-profit organization focused on freedom of the press and journalism education.
Jadallah and his organization were influential to many Gazan journalists, and Jadallah was described as the godfather of Palestinian journalists.
Ashok Leyland offers Diesel Generators manufactured with Ashok Leyland engines and Leypower alternators.
Currently they manufacture 5 to 2250 kVA Silent DG Sets.
Augustus I or Paul Frederick Augustus () (13 July 178327 February 1853) was the reigning Grand Duke of Oldenburg from 1829 to 1853.
Omar Fares Abu Shawish (Arabic: عمر فارس ابو شاويش) (March 1987 – 7 October 2023) was a Palestinian poet, journalist and novelist.
He also wrote a number of patriotic and humanitarian songs, which spread widely during the war on Gaza in 2008.
He was killed in Nuseirat Camp by an Israeli airstrike in the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.
Omar was born in the Nuseirat camp on March 22, 1987.
His family origins go back to the village of Barqa, which Israel occupied during the Barak operation in May 1948.
He studied in the schools of the Nuseirat camp, and obtained a bachelor’s degree of Journalism from Al-Azhar University in Gaza Strip.
His father, Faris Abu Shawish, is a well-known athlete who has held several positions in the Palestinian Football Association.
Many ferries, trains and flights were cancelled, and many bridges were closed.
The parliament is made up of members from the 21 local government area of the state.
They work under the ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Awka.
The organisation is known to pass a resolution to the governor for the children of Anambra State.
In 2022, the parliament passed a resolution to Charles Chukwuma Soludo to implement Child's Right Law in the State.
In 2023, they also advocated for the girl child education in South East of Nigeria.
The organization is under the Anambra State Ministry of Women Affairs and Social development.
Christ the King College, Onitsha popularly known as Amaka Boys is a private mission/government owned secondary school in Onitsha.
Shortened as CKC, it is one of the oldest schools in Nigeria with surrounding Schools like Queen of the Rosary College, Onitsha, Mater Amabilis, Ado Girls, Regina Pacis Model School, Dennis Memorial Grammar School.
Martin Goodman (born as Moe Goodman, January 18, 1908 – June 6, 1992) was an American publisher of pulp magazines, paperback books, men's adventure magazines, and comic books.
He launched the company that would become Marvel Comics.
He was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, United States.
Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi was born on January 13, 1896, in Pir Jhando near Saeedabad Tehsil, Sindh.
He was the younger son of Pir Rushidullah Shah Rashdi.
In 1924, when the king took control of Mecca and in 1925, Medina, he made significant changes to practices he considered non-Islamic.
This included demolishing graves and tombs, which caused controversy, especially in Sindh.
People in Sindh criticized the king and scholars in Hijaz and Mecca for these actions.
In response, Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi wrote a booklet titled Imam Mubeen.
The booklet aimed to show, using evidence from the Quran, hadiths, and teachings of the past, that the king's actions were in line with divine law.
Many copies of the booklet were distributed among the followers or jammat in Sind to ensure that the information reached and was understood by the Sindh population.
In the Khilafat Movement, his father Pir Rushdullah Shah Rashidi symbolically donated his sacred turban to the Angora Fund.
The next day, after Friday prayer, Pir Rushdullah Shah's son, Pir Imam Shah, tried to find out who bought the turban.
It turned out to be Ihsanullah Shah, making a significant contribution.
This incident shows the strong commitment of Muslims and their followers to the Khilafat Movement in Sindh.
Nuseirat refugee camp () is a Palestinian refugee camp.
The camp is located in the center of the Gaza Strip.
It includes the largest number of Palestinian refugees who were displaced from their homes during the Nakba.
In the journal Mehran, Volume 2, 1989, published by the Sindh Adabi Board in Jamshoro, Dr.
Abdul Majeed Sindhi mentioned that Khawaja Muin al-Din Chishti referred to a revered saint, Sheikh Sadruddin, residing in a hut in the villages of Lakki in the Sistan region.
The explanation notes that during the late 655th Hijri and early 700th Hijri, Hazrat Sadr al-Din lived in Lakki.
The title 'Sheikh' is a term of respect for saints.
Some historians identify Lucky Shah Sadr as Sadr al-Din Muhammad Ahmad.
The city was formerly known as Lakki Teerth.
Due to the saintly attributes and respected personality of Hazrat Sadr al-Din, Lakki Shah Sadr (the city) became well-known by his name.
Lakki Shah Sadr passed away at an old age, and his mausoleum is situated in the northwest of Lakki Shah Sadr (the city).
As of the 2011 Bangladesh census, Bamna Upazila had a population of 79,564, with 17,529 (22.03%) under 10 years old.
The literacy rate for those aged 7 and over was 61.1%, exceeding the national average of 51.8%.
The sex ratio was 1018 females per 1000 males, and 7,744 (9.73%) resided in urban areas.
His paintings show the influence of former East Germany socialist realism, and Surrealist painters like Giorgio de Chirico and René Magritte.
Zagreb Film was a Croatian production company.
In Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes, Jacques Ellul writes that public opinion can only express itself through channels which are provided by the mass media of communication – without which there could be no propaganda.
It is used within public relations, propaganda, marketing, etc.
While the objective for each context is quite different, the broad techniques are often similar.
The Untersberg Arena is a football stadium in the Austrian town of Grödig in Salzburg.
It is the home ground of SV Grödig.
Moazed founded his business in 2009 using a few personal credit cards.
By 2014, the company had earned over $10 million in revenue.
With the release of his book, Moden Monopolies in 2016, Moazed focused on his business model appearing in multiple business television networks.
John hails from Enugu State, Nigeria.
He attended College of Education, Yola where he dipped out and continued at Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu.
Jader Fontenelle Barbalho Filho (born June 24, 1976) is a Brazilian public official affiliated with the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB) party.
Since 2023, he has served as Minister of Cities in the cabinet of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Molar pregnancy can turn into malignant mole that spreads to lungs, and other organs such as kidneys spleen liver brain and bone marrow.
Las Villas is a department in the Central region of the Cuban archipelago.
It has a large rural area and it has a population of around 1 million people in 28,000 square kilometers.
It was founded in 1902 along with the birth of the Republic as one of the biggest subdivisions of the country.
Baseball and soccer are the very loved by people there.
Carey was born in New York.
In 2007, she earned a degree in health nutrition science from Brooklyn College.
Somadinna Harrison Adinma (born 8 May 1999) is a Nigerian actor.
He started as a kid actor in 2003.
This is a list of food days by country.
Many countries have designated specific days as celebrations, commemorations, or acknowledgments of certain types of food and drink.
Wolfe was known for campaigning against the use of some pharmaceutical medications due to the health issues they had caused.
Wolfe was also known for his criticisms of the Food and Drug Administration.
Melvin Duane Fletcher Jr.
(December 23, 1991 - December 17, 2012) is a son of Melvin Fletcher Sr.
down back to his school before he died.
Tornadoes are among the most violent known meteorological phenomena.
Each year, more than 2,000 tornadoes are recorded worldwide, with the majority occurring in North America and Europe.
In order to assess the intensity of these events, meteorologist Ted Fujita created a way to estimate highest wind speeds within tornadic storms based on the damage caused; this became known as the Fujita scale.
The scale ranks tornadoes from F0 to F5, with F0 being the least intense and F5 being the most intense.
F5 tornadoes were estimated to have had maximum winds between and .
Since reaching its peak number of imprisonments in 2009, the U.S.
had an average imprisonment rate of 2.3% per year.
This rate includes the sudden 14.1% drop in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The states of Connecticut, New Jersey, and New York have reduced the numbers of prisoners by over 50% since reaching their peak levels.
Twenty-five states have also reduced imprisonments by 25% since reaching their peaks.
The federal prison population was reduced 27% in relation to its 2011 peak.
Ana Paula Dias Lobato Nova Alves (born on May 11, 1984) is a Brazilian nurse and politician who has been serving as a senator for the state of Maranhão since 2023.
The next general election in India is scheduled to be held on or before May 2024 to elect 543 members for the 18th Lok Sabha.
The current Prime Minister of India is Narendra Modi of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
Timini Egbuson (born 10 June 1987) is a Nigerian actor and media personality.
He won the 2020 Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards Best Actor in a Drama.
TheCable is an independent news source in Lagos, Nigeria.
It was founded by Simon Kolawole in 2014 and published by The Cable Newspaper Ltd established on 2011.
Mercy Johnson Okojie (born 28 August 1984) is a Nigerian actress and movie producer.
It houses the [Archbishop]] who lives in the Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity, Onitsha, the only basilica of Roman Catholicism in Nigeria.
Its mission is to power the education ecosystem with unified technology that helps educators and students realize their full potential, in their way.
After he signed a deal with PGLang and Columbia Records in 2020, he released his first studio album The Melodic Blue (2021), which was very successful.
It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and its final single, Family Ties, won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance.
His help with Kanye West on Donda (2021) and his cousin Kendrick Lamar on Mr.
Morale & the Big Steppers (2022) earned him two chances for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
After he emailed a sample of his production to an independent record label, called Top Dawg Entertainment, Carter helped the soundtrack album for the superhero film Black Panther (2018) as a producer.
During the summer, he released two EPs, No Name and Hearts and Darts, and produced two songs on Jay Rock's third album Redemption.
He considers Hearts and Darts, which was his first project under his stage name Baby Keem, to have the style that Midnight did not have.
In October 2018, he released his first mixtape, The Sound of Bad Habit, through the Orchard and Sony Music.
The mixtape was produced by Cardo.
Keem's partnership with creative services company pgLang, founded by Kendrick Lamar and filmmaker Dave Free, was announced through his appearance in the company's visual mission statement on March 5, 2020.
He was included on XXLs yearly Freshman Class list in August.
After signing a recording contract with Columbia Records, Keem released the single album Hooligan / Sons & Critics on September 18, 2020; with Sons & Critics confirming his relation to Lamar after rumors began to emerge.
According to Vanguard Newspaper, JOM Charity is collaborating with Kakofoni and Johfrim Arts and Design Studio to launch the Afro-Celtic exhibition for promoting art and culture in Africa and Scotland.
Milngavie Old People’s Association described JOM Charity as the first Art and Well-being Charities founded by a black woman of African descent Josephine Oboh-MacLeod.
As a banker, he has worked with Nigerian International Bank (subsidiary of Citibank New York) (1989), Nigerian Intercontinental Merchant Bank Ltd, Societe Bancaire Nigeria Limited (1992), United Bank for Africa, First Bank of Nigeria (2001) as assistant general manager, Diamond Bank, et cetera.
In 2023, Alex Otti won the governorship election under Labour Party and was sworn into office on 29 May, 2023 in Abia State.
Ziyad al-Nakhalah was born on 6 April 1953 in Khan Yunis, Gaza Strip, then under the Egyptian control.
His father, Hajj Rushdi Al-Nakhalah, was killed in the city of Khan Yunis in 1956 during the Khan Yunis massacre against Egypt and Gaza.
Aristotle said that Democritus was wrong.
He said everything you can touch is made of smaller things that are made of smaller things that are made of smaller things and that this goes on forever.
According to him, there is no smallest thing.
This is called the Continuous Theorem.
Since then a lot of people debated if Aristotle were right or if Democritus were right.
Then John Dalton came up with The Atomic Theory which said that all Matter was made of Atomos Particles called Atoms.
And Dalton based that idea on Democritus.
The F-15SE has also been designed to function as a non-stealthy, multirole aircraft.
The CWBs can be removed and the aircraft can be reconfigured to include conformal fuel tanks based on mission requirements.
Mateusz Rutkowski (18 April 1986 − 7 January 2024) was a Polish ski jumper.
Madirsah Dar ul Rashad (Sindhi: مدرسه دارالرشاد پير جهنڊو(Urdu: جامعہ دار الرشاد پیر آف جھنڈا ) an Islamic institution, played a significant role in Islamic education.
Influential scholars such as Rushdullah Shah Rashdi,Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi, Ubaidullah Sindhi, Badiuddin Shah Rashdi, Muhibullah Shah Rashdi, Molana Najam-ud-Din, Molana Muhammad Ahmadani Laghari, Molana Abdullah Laghari and many others were actively involved in its governance and teaching.
The islamic institution was widely known for offering Islamic religious and educational services in the region.
Some of their songs have lyrics that some feel are profane.
Karl August Friedrich of Waldeck and Pyrmont (24 September 1704 – 29 August 1763) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and commander of the Dutch forces in the War of Austrian Succession.
On October 14, the Braves would play their first game at the Aud.
They played against the Cleveland Cavaliers and lost 107–92.
The next day on October 15, the Sabres would play their first game at the Aud.
They played against the Montreal Canadiens and lost 3–0.
Igbudu Market is a local street market along Warri Sapele Road, Warri, Delta State, Nigeria.
It is the biggest market in Delta State, Nigeria.
Igbudu Market was named after Igbudu Community of the Agbassa Kingdom.
The market started its operations after the Nigerian Civil War was fought in Nigeria and emerged as one of the most important Warri markets in Delta State, because they sell and buy food in large quantities (both retail and wholesale), including grocery sales and purchases, as well as cosmetics and beauty products.
In May 2023, another fire incident happened at Igbudu Market, and one of the victims of that fire incident was reported to have fainted upon seeing the level of damage done to the victim's shop.
The fire incident not only saw sympathy from the Delta State Government, but also got help from the Federal Government through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA).
About 30 victims of the fire incident were reported to have received some building materials and foodstuff items from the Federal Government.
However, Tidi's closure of the market was seen as having ethnic undertone, an allegation that he strongly denied.
Tidi said that the reason why he shut down the market two days earlier, was because the people did not comply with the Government's advice on social distancing.
Igbudu Market is considered as a multicultural market, where people of every tribe is represented from the Urhobos, the Isokos, the Ijaws, the Itsekiris, the Fulanis and the Hausas.
As they trade together, the Nigerian Pidgin English is mostly used by them so as to understand each other.
Igbudu Market is under the control of the Warri South Local Government.
The market operates every day of the year, except it is complying with Government's orders or for traditional reasons.
// Define entry point.
// Define entry point.
The legal submission submitted by South Africa accuses Israel of genocidal actions with clear intent, including mass killings, destruction of homes, expulsion, and displacement of Palestinians in Gaza Strip.
The blockade on essential resources like food, water, and medical aid is also highlighted as contributing to the alleged genocidal intent.
South Africa also stated that statements made by Israeli officials, such as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, are evidence of Israel's genocidal intent.
He has a black suit with a tie.
He also has ironed pants, too.
He is also very short-tempered, and angry.
he has a daughter named Porsha ,who in the end of the movie, goes with Mr.
Moon and his crew.
On 9 January 2024, organized crime groups in Ecuador issued threats of war, prompting the country's president to declare a state of armed internal conflict.
Middle East Eye was launched in London in April 2014.
The ownership of channel is not known.
Its editor-in-chief is David Hearst who was a foreign lead writer for The Guardian until November 2013.
Lira, Gonzalo (1997).
Tomáh Errázurih (1 ed)..
Santiago de Chile: Mondadori.
ISBN 956-258-057-1.
OCLC 38081261.
Lira, Gonzalo (1998).
Counterparts.
New York: G.P.
Putnam's Sons.
ISBN 0-399-14312-2.
OCLC 37300650.
Muhammad Tahir Pervaiz is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from August 2018 till January 2023.
There are some differences in vocabulary, including using a loanword from another language.
Vimto is a sweet drink created in 1908 in the centre of Manchester by Noel Nichols of Blackburn, Lancashire (1883–1966).
He was a wholesaler of herbs, spices and medicines.
There was a market for soft drinks because of the temperance movement and the 1908 Licensing Act.
It was first sold under the name Vim Tonic, which he shortened to Vimto in 1912.
It was registered as a health tonic or medicine, and then re-registered in 1913 as a cordial.
In 1910 the business moved to a warehouse at Chapel Street, Salford, then to Old Trafford (1927) and finally (1971) to a state of the art plant in Wythenshawe.
Munawwar Rana (Hindi: मुनव्वर राणा, 26 November 1952 – 14 January 2024) was an Indian Urdu poet.
He has also published several Ghazals.
Cican Stanković ( born 4 November 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer.
He plays as goalkeeper for AEK Athens in the Greece highest league.
He is born in the Bosnia and Herzegovina but plays for the Austria national team.
Mian Muhammad Hamza Shahbaz (Urdu, Punjabi: میاں حمزہ شہباز; born 6 September 1974) is a Pakistani politician, businessman, and the eldest son of former Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif.
He served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from September 2018 to April 2022, and resumed this role on 20 October 2022 and continued until the dissolution of the assembly.
He briefly held the position of Chief Minister of Punjab from 30 April 2022 to 2 May 2022.
His tenure as a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab spanned from August 2018 to January 2023.
Prior to this, he was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2008 to May 2018.
The AITO brand was owned by Seres but was acquired by Huawei in June 2023.
Fengon (or DFSK Glory for foreign markets) formerly known as Dongfeng Fengguang (东风风光), is the sub-brand of Seres that produces passenger vehicles.
Established in 2008, Fengon brand targets at affordable compact MPVs and SUVs.
It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dongfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022.
The Beijing Light Automobile Company (BLAC), until 1988 the Beijing Automobile Factory No.
2, started in the late 1960s when production of the independently developed BJ130 began.
Its introduction was slowed considerably by the upheavals of the Cultural revolution.
In 1984, assembly of the Isuzu Elf/NHR began (originally as the BJ136, later as the BJ1030/1040/1050 series).
In 1988, a new plant for these trucks was built with aid from the Japanese, and petrol and diesel light truck engines were also produced.
BLAC went bankrupt in 2002.
iCar is Chery's EV brand targeting at young customers, launched in April 2023.
CATL announced that they will be incorporating their sodium-ion batteries into the Chery iCar.
Riich brand was discontinued in 2012.
Rely was Chery's brand focused on premium commercial vehicles.
It was discontinued in 2012.
Alcatel Mobile, also known as Alcatel, is a Chinese mobile phone brand that is a subsidiary of TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited.
The company's history can be traced back to 2004 when it was established as a joint venture between TCL Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent.
TCL Corporation, a Chinese multinational electronics company, entered into a licensing agreement with Alcatel-Lucent to use the Alcatel brand for its mobile phones.
This joint venture allowed TCL Corporation to tap into Alcatel-Lucent's expertise in telecommunications while leveraging its own manufacturing capabilities.
Alcatel's headquarters is located in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, China.
From there, the company operates its research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities.
The headquarters serves as the main hub for Alcatel's global operations.
Alcatel primarily offers mobile phones and smartphones to consumers worldwide.
Their product lineup includes a range of devices, from entry-level smartphones to high-end flagship models.
Additionally, the company also manufactures tablets and other mobile accessories.
On a global scale, Alcatel operates in numerous countries, including key markets such as Europe, North America, and Asia.
The company has established subsidiaries and partnerships to strengthen its presence in various regions.
Notably, Alcatel has collaborated with mobile network operators and distributors to expand its market reach and enhance distribution channels.
In terms of market position, Alcatel has gained recognition as a competitive player in the mobile phone industry.
The brand has experienced significant growth and has carved a niche for itself in the affordable smartphone segment.
While facing tough competition from other Chinese manufacturers, Alcatel has managed to establish a loyal customer base through its cost-effective devices and innovative features.
Major events in Alcatel's growth include its acquisition by TCL Corporation in 2005, which provided the company with additional resources and support for expansion.
The launch of their popular OneTouch series of smartphones also contributed to their success and brand recognition.
As for the current status of Alcatel, the latest updates indicate that TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, the parent company of Alcatel, has announced its plans to rebrand Alcatel to TCL in a strategic move to consolidate its smartphone business.
This rebranding aims to align the brand's image and strengthen the synergy between TCL's various product lines.
In conclusion, Alcatel Mobile is a Chinese mobile phone brand that has gained recognition for its affordable smartphones and tablets.
With a global presence and a strong market position, the brand continues to expand its offerings and adapt to the evolving smartphone market.
The company's latest strategic move to rebrand demonstrates its commitment to growth and synergy within the TCL ecosystem.
Sergio Sebastiani (11 April 1931 – 16 January 2024) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church.
He was head of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See from 1997 to 2008.
He was made a cardinal in 2001.
From 1960 to 1994 he worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See.
He became an archbishop and apostolic nuncio in 1976.
Sebastiani was born in Montemonaco, Italy.
On 9 January 2024, Houthi forces launched 18 one-way suicide drones, two anti-ship cruise missiles, and one anti-ship ballistic missile at dozens of civilian-operated merchant vessels in the Red Sea.
These were all shot down by a combined United States and United Kingdom naval force.
No damage was reported to any ships.
FC Sopron was a Hungarian football club.
He was founded in 1921 and based in the city of Sopron.
FC Sopron played its home games in the Városi Stadium .
The club played in the first division from 2000 until its dissolution in spring 2008.
The club colors were burgundy red and white.
The football club was founded in 1921 as Soproni Sport Egyesület.
From 1993 till 1995 and from 2000 till 2008 the team played in the first Hungarian league ( Nemzeti Bajnokság I).
In January 2008, the club's license was revoked.
FC Sopron had to stop playing.
The reason for this was the withdrawal of the Italian sponsor Carrefur Ltd.
Wish is a 2023 computer-animated fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios for Walt Disney Studios.
The movie is directed by Chris Buck and Fawn Veerasunthorn.
The BSFZ-Arena (alsoːBundesstadion Südstadt) is a football stadium in the Austrian market town of Maria Enzersdorf in the state of Lower Austria.
It is the home ground FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
It has 10,600 places.
It is located in the Federal Sports and Leisure Centers Austria (BSFZ).
USS Laboon was launched on 20 February 1993.
The ship was commissioned on 18 March 1995.
I used to have a FireOS tablet, it is basically a small or large Tablet computer depending on size that is marketed from Amazon.
Here are examples of conditionals in Red.
Antoinette Lattouf (Arabic: أنطوانيت لطوف) (b.1983) is an Australian-Lebanese journalist, host, author and diversity advocate.
This frog has green skin, and the skin of its belly is clear.
It looks like a glass frog, but this frog has stripes and glass frogs do not.
Male frogs can be different colors from female frogs, and individual frogs can be different colors during the day and at night.
The Hofmann Personal Stadion is a football stadium in the harbor district of Linz in the state of Upper Austria.
It is located at the northeastern end of the Donaupark.
The stadium replaced the former Donauparkstadion.
This stadium was located in the same location.
Faisal bin Farhan bin Abdullah bin Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud (Arabic: فيصل بن فرحان آل سعود) is a Saudi Arabian diplomat and a member of House of Saud.
He is also the Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs and member of the Saudi Council of Ministers since 23 October 2019.
He was appointed to that position by a royal decree issued by King Salman.
He was previously appointed the Kingdom’s Ambassador to Germany in February 2019 until his appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Prince Faisal was born on 1 November 1974 in Frankfurt, West Germany and spent most of his childhood and young adulthood in Offenbach.
His mother is German and he can speak German language very easily.
He completed his studies from United States and then studied business administration at King Saud University which is in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
In June 2023, Faisal took part in a BRICS Foreign Ministers meeting in Cape Town chaired by South Africa.
The Profertil Arena Hartberg is a sports facility in the Styrian district capital of Hartberg.
In August 2012, British pop group Super 8 Cynics released a cover of the song under the record label Longevity Records.
A Minecraft mod is a mod that changes the game Minecraft, and it can add additional content, make some changes to features, and make the game run better.
Mojang does not provide a loader for modding so the players of the game who are programmers made their own loader.
The popularity of mods for the game also helped the game get on the best selling video games list.
Awrangzib Faruqi (born 10 November 1972), is a Pakistani Islamic scholar.
Makram Daboub (Arabic: مكرم دبوب; born 23 December 1972) is a Tunisian football coach and former player.
He is the current head coach of the Palestinian national team.
Misha Arobelidze was an actor.His television debut came in August 2010 with a one-episode role on the Imedi Media Holding soap opera Gogona Gareubnidan, based on the 1999 Colombian TV series Yo soy Betty, la fea.
He also played a small roles in the movies, such as 247°F and The forgotten King.
The Tschammer-Pokal was the predecessor of today's DFB Cup as a national cup competition in German football.
It was held for the first time in 1935 and was named Tschammer Cup after the then Reichssportführer, initiator of the competition and donor of the trophy, Hans von Tschammer und Osten.
The model was English football with its annual cup final.
The cup was a challenge cup and was intended to become the final possession of the club that won it three times in a row or four times in total for the first time.
According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, the coup on 15 January 1966 and another counter-coup later that year seemed to have led to the Nigerian Civil War, which he also described as an excruciating experience for us as a nation.
The Gibraltar Anthem is the national anthem of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar which is located in Iberian peninsula.
Gibraltar!Gibraltar!My own land.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA; Arabic: وزارة الخارجية Wizārat al-Khārijīyah) is the ministry responsible for handling the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Foreign affairs.
It was created in 1930 by a royal decree issued by King Abdulaziz Al Saud.
King Abdulaziz appointed his son, Prince Faisal, as the first foreign minister of Saudi Arabia.
Very often, there are links on World Wide Web that are there to attract attention.
The idea is to make the user click on the link and access the content behind it.
Very often these links are then deceptive, sensationalized, dishonest or otherwise misleading.
This is known as clickbait.
Usually, there is a teaser.
This teaser provides just enough information to make people want to click on the link, but not enough to satisfy their curiosity.
Clickbait headlines often add an element of dishonesty, using enticements that do not accurately reflect the content being delivered.
Billy Bevan (September 29, 1887-November 26, 1957) is an Australian silent movie actor and Comedian from the Mack Sennett Studios.
Albert Jerome Wheeler (April 7, 1895-January 18, 1968) is an American actor and Comedian in a Double act with Robert Woolsey in 1929 and 1937.
Tobi Olarenwaju Ayobami Larry Kayode (born 8 May 1993 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football player.
He plays for Genclerbirligi Ankara as forward.
Karl Kerbach (30 September 1918 in Vienna-28 November 1994) was an Austrian football player.
He played as forward mainly for Floridsdorfer AC.
Lagangilang is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines.
Radosław Gilewicz (8 May 1971 in Chełm Śląski) is a former Polish football forward.
Backbiting in Islam is called Gheebah (غيبة).
It is generally regarded as a major sin in Islam and compared in the Qur'an to the abomination of eating the flesh of a dead brother.
They belonged to the fire-born agnikula lineage.
It is believed that Lodha Gujjars originally came from the Ludhiana district of the Punjab region, and they're descendants of a ruler named Raja Lodha who was a ruler of Ludhiana in present-day Indian Punjab.
Richard Brousek (12 January 1931 – 28 November 2015) was an Austrian football player.
The striker played mainly for Wacker Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team and in the Netherlands.
Richard Brousek started at Wiener AC and moved to SC Wacker Wien in October 1948.
There he stayed 10 seasons.
During this time he became 3 times runner up in the championship.
1955 he became top scorer of the league with 31 goals in 25 matches.
In 1958 the striker went to the Dutch club SC Enschede in the Eredivisie.
After two years with Be Quick he went back to Austria and played again for Wacker Wien.
The drum is made by Bull skins while the sides of drums are made through Jackfruit.
Its leather is heated by an open fire.
Unbiunium, also known as eka-actinium was attempted to be synthesized in 1977 by shooting Copper-65 at Uranium-238.
it was unsuccessful and no atoms were indentified.
Unbibium, also known as eka-thorium was attempted to be synthesized in 1972 by shooting Zirconium-66 and 68 at Uranium-238.
it was unsuccessful.
no atoms were detected.
Unbibium is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Unbitrium also known as eka-protactinium or element-123 no attempt has ever been made to make Unbitrium.
Unbiquadium, also known as eka-uranium, is the predicted element-124.
It is predicted that Unbiquadium-308 has a magic number of neutrons which is 184.
it is in the island of stability.
Unbihexium also known as eka-plutonium is expected to have a magic number of protons and neutrons 126 protons and 184 neutrons.
it was tried to be synthesized in 1971, and it was unsuccessful.
and it is in the island of stability.
Unbiseptium, also known as eka-americium was attempted to be synththesized in 1978 by shooting xenon ions at tantalum no atoms were detected.
Unbioctium also known as eka-curium, is the predicted element-128, it has not been tried to be synthesized.
Unbiennium also known as element-129, has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untriunium, also known as eka-Einsteinium is element-131 of the periodic table.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untribium also known as eka-Rutherfordium is element-132 It is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Untritrium, also known as element-133 has the atomic symbol Utt it is expected to have extremely unstable isotopes it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untriquadium, also known as element-134 is in the island of stability it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untripentium, also known as element-135 has atomic symbol Utp it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untrihexium, also known as element-136 has not been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uth.
Untrioctium, also known as element-138 has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uto.
Untriennium is element-139.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Ute.
Unquadnilium is element-140 it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqn.
Unquadunium is element-141 of the periodic table.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqu.
Unquadbium, is the predicted element-142.
it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqb.
Unquadtrium,is the predicted element-143.
it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqt.
Unquadquadium, is the predicted element-144.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqq.
Unquadpentium, is the predicted element-145.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
Unquadhxium, is the predicted element-146.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqh.
Unquadseptium, is the predicted element-147.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqs.
Unquadoctium, is the predicted element-148.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqo.
Unquadennium, is the predicted element-149.
it has never been tried to be synthesized.
it has atomic symbol Uqe.
Unpentnilium, is the 150th element of the periodic table.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentbium, is the 152nd element of the periodic table it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentrium, is the 153th element of the periodic table.
it has not yet been ried to be synthesized.
Unpentquadium, is the 154th element of the periodic table.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentpentium, is the 155th element of the periodic table.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
element-156.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentseptium is the last element in the superactinides.
it is the predicted element-157.
it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
A calculation in 2016 predicted that the most stable predicted isotopes of Unbiunium are 309-314 Ubu.
they are predicted to have half-lives long enough to be detected in labs.
304-314 Ubu though are expected to alpha decay.
Patrick Treacy is an Irish doctor, specialising in aesthetic medicine.
He also treated Michael Jackson when he lived in Ireland for a number of months in 2006.
Treacy was born in Garrison, Fermanagh, Northern Ireland where his parents ran a shop, garage, and filing station.He attended Queens University in Belfast.
In an incident his legs were broken by paramilitaries in retaliation for a student prank, after which he was transferred to the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland in Dublin to study medicine.
Later he took a break during his education and travelled for a period with David Bowie's Serious Moonlight in Europe.
In 2000, he founded the Ailesbury Clinic in Dublin and another Ailesbury Clinic in Cork in 2005.
In 2003, Treacy won the professional medical media category at the GlaxoSmithKline Medical Media Awards.
In his memoir, The Needle and the Damage Done, he details how the Irish recession affected his business, and that of many of his patients.
Wilhelm Kreuz (29 May 1949 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player and coach.
The striker also played for the Austrian national football team.
Willy Kreuz played his first games in the championship for Admira Energie Wien in 1966.
He soon became one of the club's best strikers.
In 1971 he became top scorer of the league with 26 goals.
1972 he moved to Sparta Rotterdam in the Netherlands.
After two seasons at Sparta, he went to local rival Feyenoord.
In the summer of 1978, Willy Kreuz returned to Austria where he went to VÖEST Linz.
He ended his career with SC Eisenstadt in 1982/83.
Shon Weissman ( 14 February 1996 in Haifa) is an Israeli football player.
The striker plays for Granada C.F.
in Spain and the Israel national football team.
2020 Weissman moved to Real Valladolid in the Spanish Primera División.
He was loaned to Granada FC in 2023.
In the summer of 2023 he was signed permanently there.
N.W.A.
and the Posse is a 1987 Macola Records release that compiled various Dr.
Dre-produced tracks and was marketed as an album by N.W.A.
It includes previously released tracks by N.W.A, Eazy-E, the Fila Fresh Crew, and Rappinstine.
The cover photo is the same as N.W.A's Panic Zone single and features people who do not appear on the record.
The album peaked at #39 on Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
On the album cover, their group name has a period at the end, while in later albums, it does not.
N.W.A.
and the Posse was re-released the same year by Ruthless Records, substituting another N.W.A song for the one by Rappinstine.
The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
Roland Kollmann (8 October 1976 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player.
He played as striker mainly for GAK.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
In 2004 he was top scorer of the league with 27 goals.
Kollmann started his football career at his hometown club SC Landskron.
He moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck.
After a serious injury he moved to FC Kärnten in the Second league.He was an important player there for the promotion.
2001 he went to Twente Enschede but due to injuries he was not successful.
In the 2001/02 winter break he came back to Austria and played for Grazer AK.
There he celebrated his greatest successes.
He became top scorer in the 2003/04 season and champion and cup winner in the same year.
2007 he went to SK Austria Kärnten.
2008 he came back to GAK.
2011 he left GAK and went to SVG Bleiburg in the Kärntner Landesliga (4th tier) In January 2013, Roland Kollmann moved to Klagenfurter AC in the fifth-class Unterliga Ost.
He was not used in any championship games there.
So he ended his career as a football player.
Medieval philosophy was the thinking or philosophy that happened during the Middle Ages, a time from around the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century until after the Renaissance in the 13th and 14th centuries.
It started in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq, in the 8th century and later in France in the court of Charlemagne.
During this time, people rediscovered the ancient Greek and Roman cultures and tried to connect religious teachings with worldly knowledge, especially focusing on understanding God.
Dawlat al-Islam Qamat (), also called in English My Ummah, Dawn Has Appeared () is a jihadi song which became the unofficial anthem of ISIL.
The song was released in December 2013 and became their most popular song in Syria.
The American magazine The New Republic said it was the most famous song of the year 2014.
Aulorhynchus flavidus possesses a long snout, hence its common name.
This is a list of the rulers of the Kingdom of Gwynedd.
Many of them were also acclaimed King of the Britons or Prince of Wales.
'Co' in the company's name stands for 'connected' and focus of the brand is on internet connectivity and innovative purchasing models, targeting a young professional demographic.
According to Peter Horbury, the intention was to position it between Volvo and Geely as a so called ‘near premium’ brand.
Fresh & Easy was a chain of grocery stores in the Western United States.
It was headquartered in El Segundo, California.
It was a subsidiary of Tesco until November 2013.
It was founded in 2007.
On October 21, 2015, the chain announced it was closing all of its stores.
SAIC Sunwin is a brand specialized in producing passenger buses and trolleybuses.
Otto IV (1175 – 19 May 1218) was the Holy Roman Emperor from 1209 until his death in 1218.
Sanel Kuljić (10 October 1977 in Salzburg) is a former Austrian football striker.
Kuljić announced a move to Neuchâtel Xamax in the Swiss Axpo Super League.
2011 he moved to AE Larisa.
In 2012 he moved to the second division club Kapfenberger SV.
On July 7, 2017, he joined the Lower Austrian eight division club ASV Baden.
After five appearances and one goal, he moved to the Vienna seventh division team Sportunion Schönbrunn.
He played 20 matches for the Austrian national team.
He scored 3 goals.
He made his international debut on 17 August 2005 in a 2-2 draw against Scotland.
Philipp Hosiner (15 May 1989 in Eisenstadt) is an Austrian football player.
The striker plays for Young Violets Austria Wien in the Regionalliga Ost (3rd tier).
He is a former Austrian national player.
Hélène Lam Trong is a French movie director and screenwriter born in 1982 in Vietnam.
Antun Yusuf Hanna Diyab (Arabic: أنطون يوسف حنا دياب) was a Syrian writer and storyteller.
He is best known today for tales of Aladdin and Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves which have been added to the One Thousand and One Nights by French orientalist Antoine Galland, who had translated and included them after listening it from Diyab.
Diyab was a Maronite.
The molecular mass, or m, is the mass of a molecule [and it has some similarity with weight of that molecule].
The unit dalton (Da) is often used.
After his time in Austria he went to Spain and played for RCD Mallorca, Deportivo de La Coruña and UE Figueres.
She started her career in the external relations department of the Solidarity trade union in 1981.
After 1989, she was an expert and head of the external relations department of Solidarity.
She was the deputy mayor of Gdańsk (2002–2004), a member of the European Parliament (2004–2005), the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland (2006–2007), the head of the Administration of President Lech Kaczyński (2007–2008), an expert on foreign relations of the Law party and justice, a member of the Seimas — the lower house of the Polish parliament .
Until August 20, 2008, Fotyga was the head of the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland .
Vanessa Ferlito is an American actress.
She is known for playing Detective Aiden Burn in the first season of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY, as well as for her recurring portrayal of Claudia Hernandez in FOX drama 24, and for her starring roles as FBI Agent Charlie DeMarco in the USA Network series Graceland and as Tammy Gregorio on the CBS crime drama series NCIS: New Orleans.
She has also appeared in a number of films, including Spider-Man 2 (2004), Shadowboxer (2005), Man of the House (2005), Gridiron Gang (2006), Death Proof (2007), Nothing like the Holidays (2008), Madea Goes to Jail (2009), Julie & Julia (2009), Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), and Stand Up Guys (2012).
Topo Chico is a brand of sparkling mineral water from Mexico.
has been sourced from and bottled in Monterrey, Mexico since 1895.
The drink takes its name from the mountain Cerro del Topo Chico in Monterrey.
It is both naturally carbonated at the source and artificially carbonated.
The tale was introduced to the collection in 18th-century by a French translator named Antoine Galland, who used to study the language, culture, history, or customs of countries in Asia.
He wrote the tale from the oral traditions of a Syrian Maronite storyteller Hanna Diyab.
It was not a part of the original collection which was in Arabic version, but was instead added to the collection later on by Antoine Galland after he heard it from Hanna Diyab during Diyab's visit to Paris in 1709.
My name is Yunus Emre.
Every passing day fuels my fire (i.e.: my longing).
What I want in both worlds is one thing (i.e.: the home of this world and the home of the hereafter).
Wolfgang Gayer (9 January 1943) is a former German football player and coach.
He played as midfielder.
In the 1964-65 season while playing for Wiener Sport-Club he became top scorer of the Austrian league.
When he came back to Germany he played for TSV 1860 Munich until the end of the 1973/74 season.Then he moved again to Austria and played for LASK .
In 1980 he ended his professional career.
He is generally known for his stories as a wise man with a sense of humour.
Nasreddin was educated in a school in Sivrihisar and after his basic education, he took up the duty of village imam in his hometown.
After his father's death, Nasreddin became a dervish of Mahmoud al-Hirani by migrating to Aq Shahir, one of the centers of Sufi thought in that period.
Nasreddin, who assumed civil duties in Akşehir, died in 1284 and was buried there.
Khosiat Rustam (), is a poet, translator, and author of several scenarios.
Currently, she is the editor-in-chief of the newspaper The Book World.
And an independent researcher at Alisher Navoi University of Language and Literature.
Khosiat Rustam was born in 1971 in Olmos village, Chust district, Namangan region.
In 1993, she graduated from the Faculty of Journalism of Tashkent State University (now the National University of Uzbekistan).
In 2003, she studied at the two-year Higher Literature course at the Faculty of Uzbek Philology of the National University of Uzbekistan.
Besides poetry, Khosiat Rustam also wrote several stories, plays, and screenplays as a writer and dramatist.
In 2015, the play A bird that does not fit in the sky was staged in the academic musical drama theatre named after Mukimi, one of the most magnificent theatres in Uzbekistan, under the direction of People's Artist of Uzbekistan Mirza Azizov.
In 2016, based on the story Gilam (Carpet), she wrote a screenplay called Ajal Jodusi ( A Trick of Death) which was screened by director Hilal Nasimov.
This feature film brought great fame to the poetess.
Inn 2020, on the initiative of Khosiat Rustam, many famous poets and writersaroundf the world wrote a letter of sympathy to the President of Azerbaijan, Ilhom Aliyev And this letter was read out on many sitesand ond Azerbaijan TV In addition, her books Ismi Lola edi u qizning(Thatt girl's name was Lola andd 44 Days, dedicated to the conflicts between Azerbaijan and Armenia, a were published in Azerbaijan in the Azerbaijani, Turkish, and Uzbek languages.
In addition, her other books were translated into Azar by Ramiz Askar, a literary scholar, professor, and laureate of the international Babur Prize, published in Azar and Uzbek for university students, and included in the curriculum.
Albanian traditional music started with two main melodies: the taker (1st voice) and the turner (2nd voice).
Two-voice iso-polyphony, is seen in places like Gjirokastër and Dukat.
This style is also seen in different parts of Albania and among Arbëreshë people in Calabria.
The idea of two-voice polyphony is thought of as a hidden three-voice iso-polyphony.
This is a list of head of state of Panama.
Planning for the Marche mondiale des Femmes soon began in 1997, and in October 1998, a meeting was held in Montreal, Canada, in which 140 women representing 65 countries took part.
They agreed to two main themes for the march: the elimination (the complete removal) of world poverty and the stopping of violence towards women.
The March took place in year 2000.
In Chuacers The Canterbury Tales the 3rd Tale is The Reeve's Tale.
Although Oswald The Reeve is on the social scale a serf he is a professional carpender who has risen to become a very efficient estate manager for his Lord.
One of the pilgrims the reeve dislikes is the drunken bully Robyn a miller who made the other pilgrims laugh with a amoral tale about a foolish carpender who was clukoled by is unfaithul wife and a boarding college student.
In retalation the Reeve tells a tale of how a cheating miller recieved his comupence.
At Cambridge University Symkyn the miller grinds the corn and wheat in his mill.
He is a bully who cheats his customers with the help of his golden thumb (i.e.
using his thumb to tip the scale in his favour and overcharge) and claims to be a Yeoman and a Master with a sword and dagger and knives (cf.
the coulter in The Miller's Tale).
to impress his arrogant and snobbish wife [the illigemiate daugther of the town priest].
They have 2 children a 6 month old son and a 20 year old daughter Malyne.
(At the time the story was written it was customary for young females to marry as soon as they reached puberty; Malyne is kept as a virgin by her selfish and social climbing parents (and her grandfather) so that she can be married off with a dowry of copper dishes to a wealthy husband of higher social status).
Two Clerical students at cambridge John and Aleyn, try to beat the miller at his own game when they take wheat to be made into flour; Symkyn unites their horse and while they try to catch it, grinds the wheat into flour and makes it into bread.
As the students stay in his house for the night they deceided to take revenge on Symkyn and his wife and daugther by the rape of Malyne and her mother.
Aleyn forces himself on malyne and John tricks her mother into making love to him.
At dawn malyne tells Aleyn where to find the bread behind the cottage door [In a pardoy of Medevial love poems fairwells Aleyn tells Malyne I am thyn own clerk; she bids him farewell and adds the comment of bread in the mill]; getting up Aleyn mistakes the miller for John and boasts of how he served the Millers daugther in the night.
Symkyn and Aleyn fight; the student hits Symkyn in the nose causing a nosebleed; in a comedy of errors the wife awakens and thinking her husband is one of the students She takes a club and hits her raging husband by mistake, thinking him one of the students.
John and Aleyn beat up the miller and flee, taking with them their horse and the bread made from their stolen grain.
Both students ride off and get a good laugh of their revenge with the beating of the cheating Miller and the double humiliation on his wife and daughter; despite their tearful farewells Aleyn has no thought of either Malyne or the fact she is now pregnant with a child which will ruin her parents' plans to make an advantageous marriage for her.
Despite their farewells malyne remark of bread in the mill—(a slang term for pregnancy, similar to the modern bun in the oven) and her weeping when he leaves her reveal the poor tragic abused girl knows he will not see her again after stealing her virginty.
The Reeve ends his tale with by saying that the story demonstrates the proverb Hym thar nat wene wil that yvele dooth (One who does evil fares badly) and concludes A gylour shal hymself bigyled be (a deceiver will himself be deceived)(lines 4320–22).
[1] “The standing army of Padibe Kingdom was the most powerful all over Acholi-land, thanks to the diplomacy and political manoeuvres of Rwot Ogwok… Charles Amone, Reasons for the British Choice of the Acholi as the Martial Race of Uganda 1862-1962, Gulu University, May 2014.
Rosario, also known as Rosario Oriental, Villa del Rosario or Rosario del Colla, is a city in Colonia Department in Uruguay.
About 10,000 people lived there.
The current mayor is Daniel Dibot.
However, Sassui’s family did not approve of their relationship and forbade her from seeing Punnu.
They even went to the extent of forcing Sassui to marry someone else.
Devastated, Punnu went in search of his beloved, and after wandering in the desert for days, he finally arrived at the place where Sassui was being held captive.
The couple met again, and this time, they decided to elope and start a new life together.
They left their families behind and embarked on a long journey through the desert, hoping to find a place where they could live happily ever after.
Five years later, in 1630, the Dutch again invaded Pernambuco in order to establish a colony in Brazil.
They came with more than seven thousand men and 67 ships.
They succeeded, and by 1640 they already dominated a considerable portion of the northeastern coast.
— Maranhão, Paraíba, Pernambuco, Rio Grande do Norte and Sergipe.
However, in 1644 the Dutch governor Jean Maurice (Johan Maurits) of Nassau returned to the Netherlands.
He had managed to balance the complicated relations between the West India Company and the indebted sugar plantation owners, and to enforce religious freedom.
Himyar ibn Saba ibn Yashjub ibn Ya'rub ibn Qahtan is a legendary figure and traditional ancestor of the Himyarite kings of Yemen.
He is a descendant of the Islamic prophet Hud.
Johann Pirkner (25 March 1946 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player in the position of striker.
In Austria he played mainly for FK Austria Wien.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
For Austria he played in the 1978.
1976 he was top scorer of the Bundesliga.
Although he played a major role for Austria Wien, he left in the summer of 1978.
His last team as a professional footballer was First Vienna FC.
1980 he ended his career as professional footballer.
Women Democratic Front (WDF) was officially started on 8 March 2018 on the International Women's Day.
It's foundation was done by different people that came from all around Pakistan.
The group then did a march through various cities of Pakistan and named it 'Aurat Azadi March' (Urdu: عورت آزادی مارچ) which means 'Women's Freedom March'.
In 2019, The group did another March on International Women's Day in alliance with various other groups in Pakistan such as Women Action Forum, The Transgender community in Pakistan, Sindhi Aurat Tanzeem, etc.
Some celebrities, political workers and medical workers also joined the March.
The March got a positive (good) response from Feminists around the world while the right wing in Pakistan judged it as 'Un-Islamic'.
Their ideology is described as socialist-feminism and is seen as an ongoing women's political struggle against violence (particularly domestic violence), discrimination and patriarchal oppression, pillars of capitalism, imperialism, feudalism and religious extremism (such as Honor killing).
Haider has been a vocal supporter against the disappearance and killing of Baloch political activists.
She has taken a important role in leading collective action by people in favor of a cause and hunger strikes to raise awareness about the challenges faced by the Baloch community.
In April 2018 after 9 people of Hazara community were killed, she went on a 4 day hunger strike demanding the Chief of Pakistani Army to visit and take necessary steps to control the rising murders in the community.
Jalila Haider used to led campaigns against the genocide of the Hazara community.
Her efforts included raising awareness by participating in protests and speaking out against the cruel acts faced by the Hazara and Pashtun people.
She believes that their pain is the same as they are all jointly demanding the guarantee of their right to life in the Constitution of Pakistan.
Václav Daněk (22 December 1960 in Ostrava) is a former Czech football forward and football coach.
He played in differnt youth teams.
He also played for the Olympic team.
For the Czechoslovak national team, Daněk played 22 games in which he scored nine goals.
A separate Disney Junior The Channel started on March 23, 2012.
It plays many of the same shows as the block.
Both the block and the channel are still airing.
Axel Lawarée (9 October 1973 in Huy) is a former Belgian footballer.
He played as striker.
René Wagner (31 October 1972 in Brno) is a former Czech football player and now coach.
The striker played in Brno and in Austria for Rapid Wien and SV Mattersburg.
There he became top scorer of the league in 1997 with 21 goals.
He also played for the Czech Republic national football team.
René Wagner played a total of eleven international matches for the Czech Republic between 1995 and 2001.
He scored three goals.
Indra died on 29 April 2022, at the age of 82 or 83.
Coincidentally, she died on the International Dance day.
One of her student said, Her death on International Dance Day shows her divine connection with the art.
The colouring is grayish or olive green throughout the year with lots of indistinct mottling.
During the spawning season, males are nearly black and females have darker and lighter patches.
On February 20, 2008, the new owners would change the name of the team from the Storm to the Toledo Walleye after the walleye fish in the area.
A reduction is when a doctor moves an injured bone back into its correct position.
In the winter break of 1960 he moved to SC Wacker Wien.
In the winter of 1961 he moved to Grazer AK and after just one half-season he went to Wiener Austria.
Although he had a good debut at Austria he accepted an offer from the French first division club FC Sochaux.
Back in Austria for the 1962/63 season, Walter Horak joined 1.
Schwechater SC.
He played there till 1966.
He played his last first division game the following season at SK Austria Klagenfurt.
Kathi Also called Kathi Darbar is a caste found in the peninsular Kathiawar (now called Saurashtra) region of Gujarat, western India.
Harish Kumar (Hindi: रानी हरीश) (1979 – 2 June 2019) commonly known as Queen Harish or Rani Harish was a folk dancer and Choreographer.
He was from Rajasthan, India.
Harish was a person who worked to preserve(protect something as it was originally) the lost traditional Rajasthani folk dance.
His performances include various Rajasthani folk dances such as Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang and Bhawai.
He was inspired by 'Annu Master' who had performed the first drag dance of Jaisalmer region, he started learning drag dance from him.
He also practiced American tribal style belly dancing and Dancing in which dancers dance around a vertical pole, to make his body to perform all feminine movements.
Harish has performed Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang, Bhawai, Chari and other folk dances of Rajasthan state in about 60 countries.
He also taught Choreography to more than 2,000 dance students in Japan.
His performance was one of the highlights of the Jaipur Literary Mela which takes place once in a year.
He has participated in the Raqs Congree in Brussels, the Belly Dancing Festival in Seoul and the Desilicious in New York City.
In 2010, he has appeared in the reality television program 'India Got Talent' and went on to become the semi finalist.
He has also appeared in several Bollywood movies such as Upadapdu (2003), Jai Gangajal (2016) and The Accidental Prime Minister (2019).
In 2007, he appeared in British Movie director Jasmine Dellal's documentary When the Road Bends… Tales of a Gypsy Caravan.
In association with the government of Rajasthan, he ran a daily evening program in Jaisalmer called 'Queen Harish Program'.
He had also been invited to perform at pre-wedding celebrations in Udaipur in December 2018.
In that wedding he was seen dancing with Aishwarya Bachchan's daughter.
Harish was married to a woman and had two sons.
On 2 June 2019, He was killed in a road accident on a highway in Kaparda village near Jodhpur in Rajasthan along with 3 other artists when they were travelling with other artists from Jaisalmer to Ajmer in a SUV car.
He was 39 years old at the time of his death.
Uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH), is famously a fuel in TRIGA educational reactors.
UZrH fuel is used in most educational and research reactors as a result of its material properties making it difficult for it to melt and nearly impossible for it to sustain a high temperature reaction.
This is a list of governors of Greenland.
The position was established, after the positions of inspectors of Greenland was abolished.
The Yowlah, (Arabic: اليولة or العيالة, al-ʿayyalah or al-ʿiyyalah) also known as Al-Yola, is a traditional folk dance of the United Arab Emirates.
The person who performs the dance is called a Yawil.
The dance is also performed in Oman and Qatar.
It is commonly performed at weddings and celebrations.
It involves men and women dancing separately to traditional music, along with sounds of drums and other instruments.
Started as a Bedouin war dance, it was originally performed by men spinning rifles or swords after a victory in battle.
The dance includes people of all age from children to old.
New Social Contract was established in 2023.
It focuses on governmental renewal.
After the relegation of Wattenscheid in 1994, Sané moved to Austria to FC Tirol Innsbruck.
There he became the league's top scorer.
Later he played in Switzerland (Lausanne, FC Schaffhausen).
From there he returned to SG 09 in the 2nd Bundesliga.
He then played for LASK Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga, for Rot-Weiß Leithe and for SW Wattenscheid 08.
He later also played for Schwarz-Weiß Südfeldmark in Wattenscheid.
An unincorporated United States insular area, of which there are currently thirteen, three in the Caribbean (Navassa Island, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) and ten in the Pacific (American Samoa, Baker Island, Guam, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, the Northern Mariana Islands and Wake Atoll).
The Himalayan whipping frog or Himalayan tree frog (Polypedates himalayensis) is a frog.
It lives in Bhutan and India.
People have seen it between 100 and 2000 meters above sea level.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding was shot in Toronto, Canada, which stands in for Chicago in the movie.
Marvel's Spider-Man is a video game released in 2018.
It was developed in 2018 by Insomniac Games.
The story is about Spider-Man trying to stop the Super-villian Mister Negative from taking over New York City's criminal underworld.
The Cavaliers entered the draft with a second round pick.
With the pick, they selected Emoni Bates from Eastern Michigan.
Miguel Bossio (Born; February 17, 1968) is an Argentine journalist, writer and television presenter.
He is currently part of Telefe, on the nightly news program Telefe Noticias.
Salam Farmandeh (Persian: سلام فرمانده, Peace be upon you, O commander) also referred to as 'Salam Ya Mahdi' is a propaganda song in the Persian language created by the Iranian musician Abuzar Rouhi, about Qasem Soleimani, Imam Mahdi, and Shiism which is performed commonly in large groups by young children around the world.
Following this, Mensah never played for the national team again despite calls from peers to convince Ghana to call him up.
Throughout his international career at Ghana, Mensah has been a regular for the national team, playing almost every match since, rising in the rank of importance to become the assistant-captain and captain of the national team, earning 86 cap and scoring three times.
There are two types of control groups: positive and negative.
This group is not expected to show any significant response or effect.
It helps to ensure that the experimental setup is not causing unexpected changes on its own.
It provides a baseline to compare with the experimental group, helping researchers confirm that any observed effects are due to the specific treatment being tested.
This group is expected to show a known and significant response.
validate that the experimental setup is capable of producing the expected effects.
Robert Gene Moore (February 15, 1929 – February 10, 2024) was an American food executive, who, along with his wife Charlee, founded Bob's Red Mill, a brand of whole-grain foods and baking products, in 1978.
An illustration of Moore's face is found on all of the company's products, alongside the salutation To Your Good Health.
He died at his home in Milwaukie, Oregon on February 10, 2024, five days before his 95th birthday.
The website provides religious rulings on basic principles of faith, etiquette, morals, history, and poltics.
Otto Necas was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played as striker mainly for SC Rudolfshügel.
After the end of his playing career he became manager.
Hersch played for VfB Mödling, Fünfhaus and SK Rapid Wien as goalkeeper.
In the 1915-1916 season he became Austrian champion with SK Rapid Wien.
He finished his professional playing career in the club Al-Ittihad (Doha), for which team he played during 2001-2002 and helped his club win the Qatar championship and the Cup of the Emir of Qatar that season.
Kells (; ) is a town in County Meath, Ireland.
The town lies off the M3 motorway, from Navan and from Dublin.
Along with other towns in County Meath, it is within the commuter belt for Dublin, and had a population of 6,608 as of the 2022 census.
It is best known as the site of Kells Abbey, from which the Book of Kells takes its name.
George III was the big blown to the old castle and worked in this city.
The news network got many followers near 2015 due to its fast video coverage of the Israel–Palestine conflict, which made it close to being as popular as Al Jazeera, but the network mainly appealed to younger audiences.
According to the Annals of the Four Masters, the name Mágh nEalta was introduced in Ireland about 2000 BC ago when Partholon, a Greek, gave that name to a treeless fertile plain in Dublin.
It is sometimes not easy to judge the merits of a horse on offer.
That's why some horse traders have duped their customers.
You can buy a horse directly from the breeder.
Many horses are purchased through classified ads, at an auction or at a horse market.
There are also horse traders.
The ancient Tea Horse Road was a network of caravan paths going through the mountains of Sichuan, Yunnan and Tibet in Southwest China.
This was also a tea trade route.
So, in simple terms, reliability is about getting consistent results, and validity is about making sure the test measures what it's supposed to measure.
The jihadist flag is a flag used commonly by Islamist movements as a symbol of jihad.
The jihadist flag usually is the Black Standard with writing of the Shahada in a calligraphy style.
The flag was adopted by Islamist and Jihadist movements in the 1990s to early 2000s.
In 2014, the former British Prime Minister David Cameron said that anybody showing the flag of Daesh in the UK should be arrested per the Terrorism Act 2000.
The flag has also been banned from being used in the Netherlands since August of 2014.
The use of the Daesh flag is banned in Germany for non-educational purposes has been illegal in Germany since September of 2014.
Observation is a fundamental aspect of experimental research, providing valuable insights into the natural world.
In scientific terms, observation refers to the systematic and careful examination of phenomena to gather information and generate knowledge.
Qualitative: A biologist observes the intricate patterns of butterfly wing colors, noting variations and documenting their significance for species identification.
The finescale triggerfish is a kind of triggerfish that is found in the Pacific coast of the Americas from northern California southwards to central Chile, including the Galápagos Islands.
On 14 November 2021, an explosion happened inside a taxi as it went in front of the main entrance of the Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England.
The driver left the taxi seconds later and ran away.
A fire badly burned the car after that.
The explosion was caused by an improvised explosive device which was carried by the taxi's passenger.
The passenger died in the attack.
The taxi driver was admitted to the hospital, with injuries including an ear needing to be put back on, but was released the next day.
Merseyside Police were at the scene, along with fire and ambulance crews.
The Royal Logistic Corps' Bomb Squad was also there.
The hospital was put under a lockdown, roads were closed and a cordon was in place around the hospital by the evening.
Armed police stayed at the hospital during this.
Combat history: In January 2024, a video showed a pair of M2A2 Bradleys fighting and disabling a Russian T-90M tank at close range in Stepove (map), Pokrovsk raion, Ukraine.
While Chicago's African-American population increased from 1920 to 1970 because of the Great Migrations, unfair housing rules forced African-Americans to live in the Black Belt section of the city's South Side, which did not have enough housing for them.
After finishing the Winchester-Hood and Lunt-Lake Apartments on the North Side, Holsman started to work on building the Parkway Gardens to help the South Side African-American community.
The apartments replaced the White City Amusement Park, which had been at the same place since 1905.
Holsman's business went bankrupt before the apartments because of bad decisions with their money, one bad decision made Holsman convicted for mail fraud.
Idris Ali began his political career with Indian National Congress.
For a long time he was the state chairman of the Congress Minority Cell.
In the 2014 Indian general election, he was elected as a member of parliament from the Basirhat seat on a Trinamool Congress ticket.
He won by defeating a candidate of Communist Party of India (CPI) by a margin of 109,000 votes.
Schizorhiza is an extinct genus of Cretaceous schizorhizid.
As mentioned earlier, the grey triggerfish is in the western Atlantic Ocean.
It can be found over hard bottoms on reefs and rocky areas, in lagoons and in bays, at depths down to about 55 m (180 ft).
Once considered to be an uncommon visitor to northern European seas, an increase in records around the coast of Cornwall say it is now breeding there.
Willibald Willy Stejskal (25 April 1896- )?
was an Austrian football player and coach.
He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as defender.
He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
Then he moved to Australia.
In 1928 he played for the team of the stove manufacturer Metters Limited.
The Voice of Libyan Women (VLW) stated that “It has been argued many times that violence against women is allowed in Islam, however, this is a huge falsehood due to the misinterpretation and misuse of religion.
Islam does not teach, accept, or allow abuse (the cruel and violent treatment of a person or animal) of any living thing Instead, they say that Islam teaches Muslims not to harm others and Muslims are taught to believe there is a big punishment for Muslims in the Life after death who do harm to others or abuse the land, sea or plant life.
That means Rajbanshi / Kamtapuri language is recognized as official language in West Bengal and Nepal.
That is, Rajbanshi language now means international language.
In 1969, Chudhary Sher Ali join Pakistan Muslim League after 1987 he join Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz and Rana elections of mayor of Faisalabad and he beat M.
Riaz Shahid in 1987.
Late in the evening, Lafayette's national guardsmen approached up the Avenue de Paris.
Lafayette immediately left his troops and went to see the king, grandly announcing himself with the declaration, I have come to die at the feet of Your Majesty.
Outside, an uneasy night was spent in which his Parisian guardsmen mingled with the marchers, and the two groups sounded each other out.
Many in the crowd denounced Lafayette as a traitor, complaining of his resistance to leaving Paris and the slowness of his march.
By the first light of morning, it was clear that the national guards and the women had formed an alliance and the crowd's vigor was restored.
The chaos continued as other royal guards were found and beaten; at least one more was killed and his head too appeared atop a pike.
Finally, the fury of the attack subsided enough to permit some communication between the former French Guards, who formed the professional core of Lafayette's National Guard militia, and the royal gardes du corps.
The units had a history of cooperation and a military sense of mutual respect, and Lafayette, who had been sleeping, awoke and intervened.
The two groups of soldiers were reconciled by Lafayette and a tenuous peace was established within the palace.
Now, let's say that every time the bell rings, something scary happens, like a loud noise or a sudden shock.
Your brain starts connecting the neutral sound (bell) with the frightening experience.
In another famous experiment, Little Albert was exposed to a white rat along with loud noises.
Over time, he became afraid not only of the rat but also of similar white, furry objects, illustrating how fear can generalize to similar stimuli.
In 2016, Qureshi received the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor, for his culinary contributions.
He was the first chef to win this award in this category.
He died in Mumbai on 16 February 2024, two weeks after his 93rd birthday.
Classical conditioning is a fundamental concept in psychology that involves associating a neutral stimulus with an involuntary response.
The Little Albert experiment sought to investigate whether fear could be conditioned in a young child through the pairing of a neutral stimulus with a frightening one.
Aside from that, some branes may also be open branes and end on another kind of brane.
The latter brane always includes some generalized electromagnetic fields that are sourced by the endpoints, end curves, or whatever the p-1 dimensional geometry of the boundary of the former brane is.
Tableware are the dishes and cutlery used for setting a table, serving food, and dining.
Tableware includes cutlery, glassware, serving dishes, serving utensils, and other items used for cooking as well as for decoration.
The objects vary according to culture, religion, number of people, and cuisine.
Middle Eastern, South Asian or Polynesian food culture may only use serving dishes, using bread or leaves as individual plates, and often with no cutlery.
Special events may have higher quality tableware.
introspective methods, laying the groundwork for the scientific study of psychology.
In 1892, Titchener returned to Cornell as a professor, where he would leave an indelible mark on the landscape of psychology.
Throughout his career, he exhibited a passion for understanding the intricacies of the human mind through systematic observation and experimentation.
For Year 10 and 11 students, ASMS offers the Passion Project (previously called Adventure Space), allowing them to explore areas such as dance, robotics, and paleontology.
These projects, while not graded, offer students a chance to delve into personal interests and engage with the university environment.
In the early centuries, the university grew slowly and served mostly the local region.
However, in the 19th century, it became a top-tier institution for education and research globally.
At the end of the 19th century, influential scholars like Bernhard Windscheid (a key figure in the German Civil Code) and Wilhelm Ostwald (considered a pioneer in modern physical chemistry) taught at Leipzig.
During the decline and dissolution of the Ottoman Empire in the 19th and early 20th centuries, Leipzig University, along with other German universities, became a hub for education for state administrations and elites of newly independent Balkan states (Romania, Greece, Bulgaria, and Serbia).
The university educated over 5,500 students from the region between 1859 and 1909.
In February 2024, Cali said it will hold the biodiversity conference.
The Lower Austrian Football Association (Germanː NÖFV-Niederösterreichische Fußballverband) is the leading body of football in the federal state of Lower Austria.
The Lower Austrian Football Association also organizes a cup competition.
There is no cup competition for women in Lower Austria.
Derek Owusu Boateng ( ; born 2 May 1983) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Born in Ghana, Boateng went on to play professional football in Greece, Sweden, Israel, Germany, Spain, Ukraine, England, and the United States during a career that spanned between 1999 and 2017.
A full international between 2001 and 2013, he won 47 caps for the Ghana national team and represented his country at the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups.
Jamet graduated from École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris.
He also graduated from Pierre and Marie Curie University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree.
He has a career in hydrology.
In 1987, he moved to higher education by joining Mines Paris - PSL as Professor-Researcher.
Massimo De Ambrosis (born 1964 in Milan) is an italian voice actor known for TV roles and Leorio in Hunter × Hunter.
Bowman Gray Stadium is a NASCAR track in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
The Winston-Salem State University Rams football team also plays there, in a stadium in the middle of the track.
Mortimer is not a friend of Mickey Mouse.
He was developed in the 1930’s.
The Republic of Yucatán was a sovereign state during two periods of the nineteenth century.
They joined the Mexican federation as the Federated Republic of Yucatán on December 23, 1823, less than seven months later.
The second Republic of Yucatán began in 1841, with its declaration of independence from the Centralist Republic of Mexico after that they joined Mexico.
The area of the former republic includes the modern Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo.
It ended in 1848.
Hector is a cluster of thunderstorms that forms every afternoon on the Tiwi Islands in Australia from September to March every year.
The storms may reach up to .
Hector is caused by sea breezes that collide against each other across the island, making many thunderstorms.
Youth in Nigeria includes citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria aged 18-29 years, or more once considered by Muhammadu Buhari as the driving force behind the nation's socio-economic development.
In a recent report by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), it was revealed that as at March 2021, Nigeria unemployment rate had increased to 33.3% making it the second highest on the global list of unemployed countries.
The two bottom-placed teams from the Gauliga were Grazer SC (Styria) and Linzer ASK (Upper Donau).
They were relegated.
Promotion and relegation, which had been suspended in 1939, was reintroduced for 1940/41.
After the end of the war, each club was put into the league that it held in August 1939 - before the start of the war.
Ward would say that her article on Epstein included interviews with Annie and Maria Farmer.
Annie and Maria both had raised complaints about Epstein and his behavior early on.
Ward would say that the interview would be erased from the article by Graydon Carter, the main editor for Vanity Fair.
This came after Epstein had pressured the magazine to get rid of it.
Ward would also say that she had hired bodyguards because she was threatened by Epstein while she was pregnant.
Ferdinand Tönnies (; 26 July 1855 – 9 April 1936) was a philosopher.
He was born in a place called Oldenswort in Germany.
Ferdinand Tönnies did many things in his life, but he became especially known for his ideas about societies and how people come together.
Bicycle lighting is illumination attached to bicycles.
The idea is to improve the visibility of the bicycle in poor lighting conditions.That way, the bicycle and its rider can be seen more clearly.
Another purpose is to illuminate reflective materials such as cat's eyes and traffic signs.
A third purpose may be to illuminate the road so that the rider can see the way ahead.
This requires much more luminous flux and more power.
Swaady Martin (born in 1978) is the chairman and CEO of Yswara.
She graduated from the TRIUM Global Executive MBA.
Anthony Gildas Kofi Annan (born 21 July 1986) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
He played in all matches as the Olympics went on to win the GHALCA G6 at the end of the tournament after defeating Bechem United by 2–0 in the final.
On 9 September 2022, a day to the commencement of the league, he was officially unveiled by the club.
After a remarkable five-month tenure, during which he participated in 11 league games and earned the prestigious Man of the Match award twice, he bid farewell to the Olympics.
On May 22, 2008, Agyemang Badu was selected for the training list of the Ghana national football team for the first time.
He played in the match between Ghana and Lesotho on June 8, 2008, making his adult national team debut.
Agyemang Badu subsequently participated in the 2010, 2012 and 2013 African Cup of Nations.
His goal against Guinea in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations group stage was selected as a candidate for the 2012 FIFA Puskas Award.
He scored a goal against DR Congo during the AFCON 2013.
The type species P.
macropterus was first named as a species of Elops by Henri Marie Ducrotay de Blainville in 1818.
However, this species was placed into Pachycormus by Louis Agassiz in 1833.
The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority has designed the new LED replacements for its aging Solari boards at North Station and South Station to emit an electronically generated flapping noise to alert passengers to train boarding updates.
in May 19, 1822, Iturbide placed the crown upon his own head and became Agustín I, emperor of Mexico.
An arbitrary and extravagant ruler, he proved unable to bring order and stability to his country, and after that In 1863 The younger brother of Emperor Francis Joseph, Maximilian archduke of Austria he accepted the offer of the Mexican throne, falsely believing that the Mexican people had voted him their king; in fact, the offer was the result of a scheme between conservative Mexicans, who wished to overturn the liberal government of President Benito Juárez, and the French emperor Napoleon lll who wanted to collect a debt from Mexico On June 19, 1867, Maximilian was executed on a hill outside Querétaro.
Antonio López de Santa Anna, called for Iturbide’s overthrow and exile.
On March 19, 1823, Iturbide abdicated and went first to Italy and then to England.
In 1824, however, he returned to Mexico, unaware that the congress had decreed his death.
Captured on July 15, he was executed four days later.
Jaysh al-Salam is a subgroup in the FSA with the goal of destroying Daesh in Raqqa.
Al Ayam is a Sudanese newspaper and is the oldest independently run newspaper in the country of Sudan.
María Josepha Sophia de Iturbide was born on (29 February 1872 in Mikosdpuszta, Austria-Hungary) as the eldest of three daughters of Prince Salvador de Iturbide and Baroness Gizella Maria Terezia Mikos de Tarrõdhàza.
Her father was a grandson of Emperor Agustín I of Mexico.
Carlos Felipe María Otón Lucas Marcos de Aviano Melchor de Habsburgo-Lorena y Arenberg (born 18 October 1954), or simply Archduke Carlos Felipe, is a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
He is the first male of the former ruling house to be born in Mexico.
On April 9th, 1940, the German army launched a invasion of Denmark, In under 6 hours, the Danish Surrendered, after this, the Germans then launched a invasion against Norway, in the same day April 9th, by June 10th, the governments would surrender to the Germans ending the Nazi invasion of denmark and Norway.
It is located in Nepal near the Indian border.
Lumbini is a Buddhist pilgrimage site in the Kapilavastu district of Nepal, near the Indian border.
It is the place where Queen Maha Mayadevi is said to have given birth to Siddhartha Gautama, who was also known as the Gautama Buddha, gave birth to the Buddhist tradition.
Tragically, Agha Mohammad Khan's life was cut short when he was assassinated on 17 June 1797.
Following his death, his nephew, Fath-Ali Shah Qajar, succeeded him as the ruler of Iran.
He was born in a Khan Yunis refugee camp in Gaza (ruled by Egypt at the time) in 1962 to a family who was forcibly removed from the city of Ashkelon in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.
He studied at the Islamic University of Gaza and got a degree in studies of the Arabic language.
Marwan Issa is a member of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades which is the military wing of the Hamas party.
He planned out the attacks by Hamas on the 7th of October 2023 alongside Mohammed Deif.
He was put on a terrorist watchlist by the US in late 2019 and EU in late 2023 respectively.
Mohammed Deif is the head of staff in the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the Hamas movement.
He was born in 1965 in the Khan Yunis Refugee Camp inside the Gaza Strip that was set up by Israel after the 1948 Palestine War.
He joined the Hamas movement in 1987 and went by the alias Mohammed Deif, which means guest in the Arabic language, possibly referring to how he would live like a nomad to not be targeted by the government of Israel.
Yahya ibn Zakariya (John, son of Zecariah) is a prophet in Islam, who was sent to the Children of Jacob to guide them.
He is mentioned 5 times in the Quran.
Bruno Lafont (born 8 June 1956) is the chairman and former CEO of Lafarge.
On January 5th, 1976, 16 workmen boarded a red Ford Transit minibus after a day's work at the textile factory they worked in.
4 of the Catholic workmen were dropped off at Whitecross before carrying on a rural road towards Bessbrook.
As the bus crossed a hill, they were stopped by a man flashing a torch.
As they came to a stop, 11 masked men armed with semiautomatic rifles came out from the hedges nearby.
A man with a pronounced English accent ordered the workers to get out of the van and line up faced against it.
He then asked which man was Catholic.
Only 1, Richard Hughes, was Catholic.
His fellow workmen initially tried to prevent him from identifying himself, for fear that the men were Loyalists seeking to kill him.
However, once Hughes stepped forward, the man ordered him to Get down the road, and don't look back.
Once done, the gunman gave the order and the others shot at the Protestant workmen.
The men were struck with more than 100 rounds of ammunition in less than a minute.
The gunmen reloaded their weapons and with an order of Finish them off, fired at the heap of bodies again.
One gunman fired an extra bullet into each man's head to make sure they were dead.
Once done, the gunmen walked away calmly.10 men died; John Bryans, Robert Chambers, Reginald and Walter Chapman, Robert Freeburn, Joseph Lemmon, John McConville, James McWhirter, Robert Walker and Kenneth Worton.
The 11th victim, Alan Black, faked death and survived, despite being shot 18 times; the bullet to his head had only grazed him.
A married couple later came across Black lying in a ditch.
Black went to a hospital in Newry and eventually recovered.
Richard Hughes got a ride to an RUC station and reported the murders.
All music was composed by Albarn, Coxon, James and Rowntree.
All lyrics were composed by Albarn.
Culhane was born in Chicago, Illinois, and grew up in Detroit, Michigan.
He died on February 24, 2024, at his home in New York, at 93 years old.
The Conspirators Rebellion goes along with the Conspiracy of Nicolas Rodriguez in Cuba during 1795.
This was a revolt caused by the repression and slavery that Cuba experienced during that time.
It was led by Nicolas Rodriguez and Antonio Aponte who was also leader of the November Revolution.
Here is the list of the President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire, First Minister, or Chancellor of Mexico.
It is sent to 295,000 houses every month or 3.5 million addresses every year and it is the largest housing survey that the Census Bureau gives out.
Ahrar al-Sharqiya is a militant group from Syria.
Many of its fighters are former members of Daesh, Ahrar al-Sham, and Jabhat Al-Nusra.
It was released in March 30, 1993.
Amir Kabir's foreign policy was innovative, emphasizing a negative equilibrium by avoiding excessive concessions to either Britain or Russia.
He sought to end Russian influence in the Caspian Sea and limit British control in the Persian Gulf.
To counteract external pressures, he engaged with powers like Austria and the United States and established a counter-espionage organization.
The Historical Enquiries Team or HET was a unit of the PSNI created in 2005 to investigate the thousands of unsolved terrorist attacks and murders during the Troubles.
It was launched in 2005 and shut down in 2014 following budget cuts in the PSNI.
It was split into two groups, Review and Investigation, had 100 members of investigators and support staff and had a budget of £30 million.
It was headed by Cmdr.
David Cox.
Gabino Crispín Gaínza Fernández de Medrano (20 October 1753 – 1829) captain-general of Guatemala (1821–1822).
And 1st Captain General of Central America Born in Pamplona, Spain, Gaínza joined the military at the age of sixteen and served in various posts throughout South America for most of his adult life.
He commanded the Spanish force that reconquered Chile in 1814.
Naser al-Din Shah Qajar (Persian: ناصرالدین‌شاه قاجار, romanized: Nāser-ad-Din Ŝāh-e Qājār; 17 July 1831 – 1 May 1896) , ascended to the throne as the fourth Shah of Qajar Iran on 5 September 1848, ruling until his tragic assassination on 1 May 1896.
His reign, spanning nearly 51 years, established him as the third longest-reigning monarch in Iranian history, following Shapur II of the Sassanid dynasty and Tahmasp I of the Safavid dynasty.
The Fateh 110 (Conqueror 110 or NP 110 in English) is a ballistic missile made by Iran in the year 2002.
The latest version has a range of 300 kilometers and is more accurate then older models.
The El Mouradia Palace is the official workplace and residence of the president of Algeria.
It is in the El Mouradia neighborhood overlooking Algiers.
It is often referred to simply as the Algerian president’s office.
Initially, Ahmed Ben Bella, the first president of independent Algeria, used the Summer Palace, previously occupied by French governors, for his offices, while residing at Villa Joly.
Sukuta (ruled prior to around 1200 AD) was a king (or chief) of Eswatini.
He succeeded Qomizitha as king of Eswatini and preceded Madlasomo as king of Eswatini.
Fernando de Riveray Moncada (b.
1711; d.
18 July 1781), Spanish commandant of the Californias.
Rivera y Moncada, a native of Compostela, Nayarit, served in the military at Loreto, Baja California, in 1742.
He explored the Bahía de Sebastián Vizcaíno with the Jesuit Fernando Consag in 1751.
On the 18th of January 2024, Pakistan sent airstrikes inside the Iranian part of Balochistan trying to destroy separatist groups.
They called it Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar (Death to rebels) by Pakistan.
The attack was done in response to Iranian strikes in Pakistani Balochistan a day earlier.
The Haj Qasem is a missile that was released on the 20th of August 2020.
It is named after Qasem Soleimani, the former Quds Force commander before being killed by the US.
The missile has a range of 1400 km and weighs 500 kg.
It is called the next generation of the Fateh 110 and can bypass advanced missile defense systems.
Hizb ut-Tahrir is a Islamist organization with the goal of creating an Islamic state to unite all Muslims under the Sharia.
In Polynesian culture, surfing was an important activity.
Modern surfing as we know it today is thought to have originated in Hawaii.
The history of surfing dates to c.
AD 400 in Polynesia, where Polynesians began to make their way to the Hawaiian Islands from Tahiti and the Marquesas Islands.
South Capitol Street is a major thoroughfare in Washington, D.C.
It runs north-south, dividing the city into east and west quadrants.
Known for its proximity to important landmarks, including Nationals Park (home of the Washington Nationals baseball team) and the U.S.
Capitol, South Capitol Street plays a significant role in the city's transportation network.
Additionally, ongoing urban development projects have aimed to enhance the area's infrastructure and connectivity.
Megrelian is written in the Georgian script and includes 33 letters of the alphabet, along with the rare letter ჸ (e.g., ჸუდე - house, ჸორადილი - window, ჸუჯი - ear, etc).
and the interdental sonorant ჷ.
Older written texts are primarily ethnographic literature.
Several newspapers were printed in Megrelian between 1930-38, including Kazaki, Komuna, Samargalos Chai, Samargalos Tutumi, and Makhorkhali.
A certain amount of editorial work was done to revive the language, including the publication of Megrelian-Georgian and Megrelian-German dictionaries.
Givi Eliava published a Megrelian-Georgian dictionary.
In the 1960s, Kaka Zvaniani translated and published Vepkhistkaosani into Megrelian.
Books in Megrelian poetry were published by Lasha Gakaria, Guri Otoia, and Giorgi Sichinava.
Giorgi Sichinava edited the Megrelian literary journal Jurnalioni in 2000, and in 2006, the newspaper Mapshalia was published, which covered various topics.
The results of the Nika Revolt were devastating.
Over 30,000 people lay dead in the Hippodrome and throughout Constantinople, and the capital lay in ruins.
There were a few causes of so much death and destruction.
First, an emperor who taxed his people continuously and allowed his appointees to enforce their will on the population without consequences.
Second, a population who no longer wished to see such a ruler in office.
Finally, an empress whose words and ambitions had an impactful effect on her husband that resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands.
In short, digital counters are a fundamental part of many electronic devices, helping them keep track of events and processes.
William J.
Rapaport is a philosopher who is an Associate Professor Emeritus of the University at Buffalo.
He is portrayed as a Yellow Jacket with yellow-and-black stripes, wearing white gloves, and converse shoes.
Francisco García Salinas (b.
1786; d.1841), Mexican cabinet minister and governor of the state of Zacatecas.
García was born on a hacienda in the state of Zacatecas.
Conclusion The Acadians, with their rich history, vibrant culture, and enduring resilience, continue to make invaluable contributions to the cultural mosaic of North America.
Through their language, music, cuisine, and traditions, they celebrate their heritage while embracing the opportunities of the modern world.
As custodians of a unique cultural legacy, Acadians inspire admiration and respect for their indomitable spirit and unwavering commitment to preserving their identity for greatness.
Mustafa IV (/ˈmʊstəfə/; Ottoman Turkish: مصطفى رابع, Muṣṭafâ-yi râbiʿ; 8 September 1779 – 16 November 1808) was the Ruler of the Ottoman Empire from 1807 until his death in 1808.
Medicine Bear kept a winter count from 1823 to 1917.
In 1895, José Martí led what was called El Grito de Baire or the Cry of Baire which led to the beginning of the War.
In Cuba the war is called the Necessary War, while in Spain they call it the War on Cuba.
Warning signs are triangular with yellow backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Prohibition signs are round with white backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Mandatory instruction signs are round with blue backgrounds and white pictograms.
Supplementary signs are rectangular with white backgrounds and black text.
Most of signs are only written in Korean.
In the United States, road signs are, for the most part, standardized by federal regulations, most notably in the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) and its companion volume the Standard Highway Signs (SHS).
The MUTCD's R2 series is for speed limit signs.
Some state supplements and state MUTCDs place various speed limit signs in other series.
As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Speed limits in the United States are always in miles per hour.
Metric speed limit signs in kilometers per hour used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system.
They have been discontinued as of 2012.
Many states, however, disallow the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to MUTCD restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs.
The MUTCD's R11 series of signs is for road closure-related signs.
As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R13 series of signs is for weigh station related signs.
As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R14 series of signs is for truck route-related signs.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R16 series of signs is for seat belt and headlight use-related signs.
As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W7 series of signs is for warning signs relating to hills.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W10 series of signs is for warning signs relating to railroad crossings.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W14 series of signs is for warning signs relating to dead-end streets and no-passing zones.
As all situations are not covered, several states and local governments have additional signs for other types of situations not covered by the MUTCD.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W20 series of signs is for warning signs relating to work zones.
These signs are typically orange background ones used for temporary situations.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W21 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road work.
They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations.
As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W22 series of signs is for warning signs relating to blasting zones.
They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W23 series of signs is for warning signs relating to slow traffic.
They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W24 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane shifts, where traffic is diverted slightly toward the left or right of the roadway, but the route is otherwise unchanged.
These signs typically have orange background and are used for temporary situations.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W25 series of signs is for signs warning that oncoming traffic has an extended green signal at a traffic light.
As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
This Wikipedia page about Walker Scobell provides an overview of his career, personal life, and philanthropic efforts, highlighting his contributions to the entertainment industry and society as a whole.
Johann Brandweiner (24 September 1894 - 7 January 1974 ) was an Austrian football player.
He played for Wiener AC as goalkeeper.
He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
Warszawa Centralna (official Polish name since 2019 Dworzec Centralny im.
Stanisława Moniuszki), in English known as Warsaw Central Station, is the main railway station in Warsaw, Poland.
Completed in 1975, the station is on the Warsaw Cross-City Line and has four underground island platforms with eight tracks.
It is served by the long-distance domestic and international trains of PKP Intercity and Polregio as well as some of the regional trains operated by Koleje Mazowieckie.
Nextto the north side of the building is a bus station that serves as the central hub for night bus lines, and Złote Tarasy shopping center.
The Superwoman concept was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, first appearing in Action Comics #60 (1943).
She was played by Maureen Teefy in the 1984 movie Supergirl and Peyton List in the series Smallville.
Jenna Dewan played two alternate versions of Lucy in the Arrowverse series Supergirl (2015–2016) and Superman & Lois (2022–2023).
The Qassam rocket is a missile created by the military wing of the Hamas movement, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.
The rockets cannot be fired near civilian areas and especially not in huge population centers.
The national Space Society (NSA) is an orginzation from 1969-4020.
It was primarily attacked at russia furing the space race to win against them.
it is now the leading defence agencuy in the USA.
The Tri-Rail is a commuter rail service serving between Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach managed by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority.
First opened on January 9, 1989, Tri-Rail currently has 19 stations.
Yasmin Hani and her friends are also active in carrying out charity work helping those called street dwellers through her participation with the Reach Organization (Reach Org) which is run in collaboration with talent scouts, Kleo & Tony.
He actively helps a number of people whose lives are impoverished behind skyscrapers, in the back alleys of a cosmopolitan city like Kuala Lumpur.
They sleep in the company of dew, they don't change their clothes, they even eat and drink, hoping for mercy.
While Notti’s musical legacy lives on, his death remains an immense loss.
The hip-hop community can only imagine what he may have accomplished if his life wasn’t cut short so young.
Kajal Arefin Ome is a Bangladeshi Television director who is best known for Bachelor Point drama series.
He has directed drama like Sorry Sir, Arekti shondeher golpo, Beachlor point, Oshomoy,Hotel Relax and many more.
Kim James Newman was born on 31 July 1959 in London.
He is a journalist, film critic, and writer who loves horror fiction and film history.
He won awards for his work on horror fiction.
His first novel, The Night Mayor, was published in 1989.
He also wrote a series of novels under the pen name Jack Yeovil for Games Workshop.
In 1992, he published Anno Dracula, a novel that imagines Dracula ruling England in an alternative history.
Newman has written other novels like Life's Lottery and The Quorum.
Hermitage School District is one of the school districts of Hermitage.
Narvik is a railway station in Narvik Municipality in Nordland, Norway on the Ofoten Line.
The station is in the town of Narvik, about from the end of the line at the Port of Narvik.
There are three daily passenger trains from Kiruna, Luleå and Stockholm in Sweden.
Vy Tåg runs the passenger trains.
The station is above sea level and is from Stockholm.
It was opened in 1902 along with Ofotbanen and the Iron Ore Line.
Rail transport in Sweden is a network of 10,912 kilometres (6,780 mi).
The first railway line in Sweden was built in 1855.
The major operator of passenger trains was the state-owned SJ.
Today around 70% of all rail traffic is subsidised local and regional trains.
They are run by the regional public transport authorities.
Passenger traffic has increased significantly since 2000.
In 2019 Sweden was number five in the world measured in passenger kilometres per person and number three in the European union.
It was 8th in the world when measured by passenger share.
Today, Pennsylvania is a state known for its rich history, vibrant cities, and diverse population.
Philadelphia remains a cultural and economic center, while the state's rural areas are characterized by agriculture and natural beauty.
Amurru, also known under the Sumerian name Martu (in Sumerian and Sumerograms: 𒀭𒈥𒌅), was a Mesopotamian god who served as the divine personification of the Amorites.
In past scholarship it was often assumed that he originated as an Amorite deity, but today it is generally accepted that he developed as a divine stereotype of them in Mesopotamian religion.
As such, he was associated with steppes and pastoralism, as evidenced by his epithets and iconography.
While this was initially his only role, he gradually developed other functions, becoming known as a god of the mountains, a warlike weather deity and a divine exorcist.
Zdeněk Nehoda played 345 games in the Czechoslovak First League and scored 145 goals.
He played 90 international matches for the Czechoslovak national team and scored the second most goals with 31 goals, making him the Czechoslovakian record national player.
He became European football champions with Czechoslovakia in 1976 and came third at the European Championships in Italy in 1980.
He took part in the 1982 World Cup, but was eliminated with Czechoslovakia after the preliminary round.
In the qualifying games for the 1976 European Football Championship, he scored four goals in seven appearances and qualified with coach Václav Ježek's national team as group winners ahead of England and Portugal for the European Championship finals from June 16th to 20th, 1976 in Yugoslavia.
In the qualifying games for the 1980 European Championship in Italy, he scored two goals in three appearances for coach Jozef Vengloš's team.
Since 1995 he has been working as a player agent with his own company NEHODA-FOTBAL sro; the players he represents include, for example, Pavel Nedvěd and Tomáš Řepka.
The main source for the .
Socialist Alliance (Australia) is a federally registered political party in Australia.
Formed in 2001, it operates under a unique 'Constitution' , which aligns with doctrines of radical Socialism and Communist-like social, political and economic models.
The Abhira-Brahmins or Ahir-Brahmins a branch of the Brahmin community of Maharastra, all have possibly decended from the original ancient Abhira tribe.
according to historian Ramprasad Chanda, The Abhiras are a class of Brahmans of Maharastra who are the priests of Abhira or Ahir herdsmen and cultivators and are probably themselves of Abhira origin.
Diana Nyad is a swimmer popularized by swimming from Cuba to Florida.she tried many times and only finished when she was 64 in 2013.
Raja Bhim Singh Rana (1707 AD – 1756 AD), was a Jat ruler whose kingdom was in Gohad in the north-western region of present-day Madhya Pradesh.
Rana was his title, Bamraulia was his gotra.
According to Alexander Cunningham and William Crookes, this town called Gohad near Gwalior was founded in 1505 AD by the Rana of Bamrauli village near Agra.
He had given a tough fight to the Marathas many times.
He had won the fort of Gwalior .
Their descendants are the Jats of Kalirana, Tatrana, and also Rana gotra.
The rule of the Rana rulers is the most glorious, dignified, long and old from the point of view of history, and continued to rule till the year of independence in 1947.
The capital of Rana rulers was Gohad district Bhind , Gwalior , later Dholpur .
Gohad reign period was 300 years from 1505 to 1805, after that Dholpur was for 142 years from 1805 to 1947, 442 years till country's independence, and Gwalior fort was ruled by Maharaja Bhim Singh Rana from 1754 till his death in 1756.
After him, Maharaja Chhatra Singh Rana did it from 1761 to 1765 and from 1781 to 1783.
Three capitals during the reign of Maharaja Chhatar Singh, Gohad district Bhind, Gwalior and Behat District Gwalior.
After the death of Rana Jaswant Singh, his son Rana Bhim Singh ascended the throne of Gohad .
His ceremony was celebrated with great pomp in Gohad fort .
At this time the power of Rana had increased a lot.
Gohad fort was famous for its strong boundary wall and small fortified forts of Rana were built in nearby villages .
Rana Bhim Singh kept soldiers on the nearby small forts for security.
There were about 25000 soldiers in Rana 's army.
The number of his Rana Sardars was 125.
Maratha attack on Gwalior fort - When the Maratha army was returning south after lifting the siege of Kumher fort in 1754, one of their generals, Vitthal Shivdev Vinchurkar, made his military camp in Gwalior.
Vinchurkar laid siege to the Gwalior fort and attacked it.
Under the leadership of Kiledar Kishwar Ali Khan, the Rajput soldiers appointed by the Mughal emperor kept facing the Marathas for a month.
At that time conspiracies were going on in the Mughal Empire .
Because of which Marathas on Delhi Darbar Gwalior Fort couldn't send army to confront.
Kiledar Kishwar Ali discussed with the high officials appointed on the fort.
Kishwar Ali Khan's lawyer Kishandas advised that 'instead of surrendering to the robbers of the south, it would be appropriate to hand over Gopachalgarh Gohad to Rana Bhim Singh'.
There are a pair of rectangular towers supported by pillars on both ends.
Rosario-victoria bridge is a bridge in the arginine town of Rosario.
(in Spanish, Puente Rosario-Victoria) is the informal name of the physical connection between the Argentine cities of Rosario (province of Santa Fe) and Victoria (province of Entre Ríos).
Mustafa Pasha Bridge or The Old Bridge is a 16th-century arch bridge over the Maritsa in Svilengrad, southern Bulgaria.
It was built in 1529 on the order of the Ottoman vizier Çoban Mustafa Pasha.
The bridge was the first major work designed by the Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan.
The bridge is 295 m long, 6 m wide and has 20 or 21 arches.
A tram stop is often in the middle of the street.
In some places there are platforms like railway platforms.
In other places they are much lower.
Platforms should be sloped upwards slightly towards the platform edge to prevent wheeled objects such as trolleys, prams and wheelchairs from rolling into the path of the train.
Many platforms have an overhanging edge so that if people fall off the platform they can avoid trains.
the man inside there has been more incidents like this but only 1 was a beechcraft no one went missing 1 was injured and 5 or so people rushed to the seen instantly saving the man from dying this crash a loss of control near manchester new hampshire at 12:08 local time the man's name is unknown but the aircraft name was known N53RP the aircraft registration operated by ameriflight wiggins airways.
Flemish people, also known as Flemings, are an ethnic group native to the Flanders region of Belgium.
They speak Flemish, which is a dialect of Dutch.
World Championship Wrestling (WCW) was an American professional wrestling promotion founded by Ted Turner in 1988, after Turner Broadcasting System, through a subsidiary named Universal Wrestling Corporation, purchased the assets of National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) territory Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) (which had aired its programming on TBS).
Jean-Baptiste Djebbari (born 26 February 1982) is the former Ministry of Transports of France.
Before, he was airline pilot on Pilatus PC-12.
Bagong Silang or Barangay 176 is a barangay of Caloocan, Metro Manila, Philippines.
It is known for being the most populous city in the Philippines.
Ć is a Slovenian Letter.
Slovenian is a language spoken in Slovenia and in adjacent parts of Austria and Italy.
In 2000, Hans Bøgh-Sørensen received the prize as Entrepreneur of the Year, Denmark and in 2008 the Tietgen prize .
LuaLua TV is a Bahraini TV channel.
It was broadcast in London and started broadcasting in 2011.
It was blocked by all of the GCC countries including Bahrain.
Finally, however, she asked Yamraj for the boon of 100 sons for herself.
Initially Yamraj obliged, but Savithri just repeated her boon and reminded him of her oath that she would only ever be with Satyavan.
Thus, in order to fulfil her boon in the order of karma, Yamraj was forced to return Satyavan to Savitri.
Chessplus is played similarly to basic chess, but pieces can merge.
The only piece that can not merge is the king.
Pieces can only merge with other pieces of their own color.
Only 2 pieces can be merged at a time.
Pieces may split, in which they use their original move.
A Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) is a system meant to warn pilots if the aircraft they’re flying is in immediate danger into terrain.
The FAA defines GPWS as a type of Terrain Awareness and Warning System (TAWS).
More advanced GPWS systems were introduced in 1996 which are known as Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning Systems (EGPWS) which is a modern type of TAWS.
Jones, R.
& Hafner, C.
(2021).
Understanding Digital Literacies.
2nd edition.
Abingdon: Routledge (1st edition 2012).
The Bhar are a Hindu caste found in North India.
They are also known as Rajbhar.
British historian General Cunningham said that Bhars are branch of the Ahir tribe.
In the summer of 1964, Wallace received the endorsement of restaurant owner and future Governor of Georgia Lester Maddox.
The history of the universe started with an event called The Big Bang.
Physicists believe that an even longer time after the end of the universe (~10^10^10^56 years), another universe could randomly appear.
The event became known as the flour massacre, as named by the Palestinians.
ETC...
A Monogram is a style of design created by combining and overlapping two or more letters to form one single symbol.
Dew Drop Diaries is an animated preschool television series originally produced as a pilot episode in April 2014, and was released as an television series in December 2015.
It is produced by The K Entertainment Company for DreamWorks Animation Television, produced in collaboration with TeamTO.
The first police belts began to be used at the beginning of the 20th century.
Mario Prada was born in the Kingdom of Italy in Milan and later passed away in 1958 in Italy.
He was renowned as the founder and original designer of the iconic fashion label Prada.
Established in 1913, Prada became synonymous with high fashion, offering a range of luxury goods for both men and women, such as shoes, handbags, luggage, and leather items.
Notably, Mario Prada is also the grandfather of Miuccia Prada, who later became a prominent figure in the fashion world herself.
In summary, while static web pages offer some benefits, particularly around speed, simplicity, and security, they lack the flexibility and advanced capabilities found in modern dynamic websites.
However, they remain an appropriate choice for simple sites with minimal needs.
Reality Killed the Video Star is the eighth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams.
It was released on 9 November 2009.
Paneer (), also known as panir (), is a fresh acid-set cheese common in the Indian subcontinent.
It is made from full-fat buffalo milk or cow milk.
It is a non-aged, non-melting soft cheese made by curdling milk with a fruit- or vegetable-derived acid, such as lemon juice.
The Popjustice £20 Music Prize, also known as the Popjustice Twenty Quid Prize, is an annual prize awarded by music website Popjustice to recognise the best British pop single of the previous year.
The prize was conceived by Popjustice founder Peter Robinson in 2003 as a reaction to what he perceived as the pompous and elitist nature of the existing Mercury Prize, which recognises the best album of the previous year, and in particular its exclusion of pop music acts in favour of those from more esoteric genres.
The shortlist for the Popjustice prize is announced in September of each year and the winner named the following month, to coincide with the presentation of the Mercury Prize.
Popjustice gives a token prize of £20 to the winner of its award, in contrast to the £20,000 given to the winner of the Mercury Prize.
Jimmy Two-Shoes (also known as Jimmy Cool in most parts of Europe) is a Canadian animated children's television series produced by Breakthrough Entertainment, Mercury Filmworks and Elliott Animation that aired on Disney XD in the United States and Teletoon in Canada.
The series centers on the exploits of the happy-go-lucky title character, who lives in Miseryville, a miserable town filled with monsters and demon-like creatures.
The series was created by Edward Kay and Sean Scott.
Colombian highways connect most of Colombia except the Amazon part due to geography challenges.
The system is made up of the Primary Network, which is under the responsibility of the country, the Secondary Network, under the responsibillity of the departments, and the Teritary Network, under the responsibillity of the municipalities.
Carlos Antonio Carrillo (24 December 1783 – 23 February 1852) was a Californio politician, military officer, and ranchero.
He served as governor of Mexican Alta California 1837-1838.
Carlos died at Santa Bárbara and was buried in the mission cemetery February 26, 1852.
Kluai khaek, sometimes called kluai thot, is a popular Thai street snack.
Kluai khaek is made from fried, floured banana commonly topped with white sesame.
Life on the murder scene is a live album by the band My Chemical Romance.
It features demos and unreleased songs from their 2004 album Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge.
It’s also has a collection of live songs from their debut album I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love.
Muzaffar Husayn was a Timurid prince.
He was the last ruler and brother of Badi al Zaman Mirza and died to the Uzbeks in 1506.
Hibiscus drink is made by boiling the hibiscus leaf with ginger and garlic for less than an hour.
It is served hot or chilled depending on the weather condition of the area it was produced.
Other ingredients used in making zobo drink include nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, lime and artificial colours.
The particles are sieved leaving behind the zobo juice.
The roselle drink has flavour similar to cranberry juice and it is ruby red in colour.
Pointe Michel is a village in Dominica.
It’s the capital and the only settlement in the parish of Saint Luke, the smallest one of the eleven parishes of Dominica.
Electric sparks are often seen in situations like lightning during storms or when static electricity builds up and discharges, such as when you touch a metal object after shuffling your feet on a carpet.
They can also happen in machinery, electronics, and in scientific experiments.
Jose Fructuoso Rivera y Toscana (17 October 1784-13 January 1854) was President of Uruguay from 6 November 1830 to 24 October 1834 (succeeding Luis Eduardo Perez and preceding Carlos Anaya),he was president three times He was one of the main founding fathers of Uruguay as well as the founder of the Colorado Party of Uruguay, which ruled the country without interruption from 1865 to 1958.From 1847 to 1853, Rivera was forced into exile in Brazil, and he returned in 1853 after President Juan Francisco Giro was overthrown.
Venancio Flores, Lavalleja, and Rivera formed a governing triumvirate, but it fell apart when Rivera and Lavalleja died in office.
The team of the red and the blue.
Keep your eye on the red and the blue!
All our coaches tell us so.
We're the team of red and blue.
Oh yes, Coburg will be there!
The MAT-49 is a submachine gun of French origin used by the French army from the 1950s to the 1980s, and manufactured by Manufacture Nationale d'Armes de Tulle (MAT).
It was used in the Indochina and Vietnam wars.
It was a compact weapon that had a retractable wire stock; in addition, its magazine could be folded parallel to the barrel (which facilitated its use by paratroopers and tankers).
In 9mm caliber, it had a magazine with capacity for 32 cartridges, a rate of fire of 600 rounds per minute and fired with the bolt open.
A version with a fixed wooden stock and longer barrel was also produced.